Sitting at work , the health inspector just left , shes so great
can't wait to see you guys on Sunday ! ! in St . Louis ....
Looking at a typical Monday AM . Everyone must be fighting brain fog .
yes i did ! yes they were amazing as always ! :] i simply love those boys ! and demi was OMG EPIC !
Anyone want to go to a hockey game tomorrow night ? Front row seats are $ 55 , 100 level for $ 30 . Minor League Playoff Hockey !
Almost 2 months now :(
scouting reports must be in depth
It takes 3.2 sec to retweet and help find them
You know disneyinfinity 3 is cool when ... You can have Princes Leia drive a teacup ! ! ! 3point0
thank you for the best night last night Z100JingleBall
Our goal should be to please God !
going 2 bike in the lafayette mountains
Ya know when u need to talk to a teacher and they're talking to another teacher so u just awkwardly hover around ? That's how I picture hell .
East Coast , how surprised were you to see Jahil ? ? STAR
So if you favorited that tweet does that mean you want to be my friend ?
Lustacy , best male group hands down ! SoulTrainAwards
I liked a video Diamondnu 6 SHOULD I DATE SOMEONE WHO'S NOT CHRISTIAN LIKE ME ? ?
What's up with the space balls in pokemongo
periods are ridiculous i shouldnt be punished for not getting pregnant .
And we have just hit a torrential rainstorm .
Oakland is 1-4 and their only win was against Pittsburgh ... pathetic
Ran into a guy I met 8 yrs ago . He knew my name , where we met , and the exact year . I was clueless . Never been so impressed in my life
Black and white cats are the least likely to be adopted . Well you are missing out . You could own someone like this BAMF .
Homebrewing : mostly lots of cleaning .
Dustin Rhodes just did a .... #Dive ! ? RAW
so which is Chicago more embarrassed of , being home of the Cubs or the home city of Barack Obama ?
Just RETWEET this or use 14PiratesPrizes by 2pm to win our bobblehead collection !
I have completed the quest ' Traveling Mercha ... ' in the Android game The Tribez . androidgames , gameinsight
Was a bit offended when my friend who claims to luv ST TNG said didn't have much talent as an actor .
Ok now it's official I'm back baby ! ! RavensFlock BandAidGang TheySleep
did they even ... read the fic bcuz he brings up all that stuff all the time ? ? I find it really believ
This was the sweetest thing someone has done for me . So lucky to have my beautiful girlfriend . I'm
I hear Hilllary's new favorite TV show is ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK . neverhillary ClintonCrimeSyndicate
Who're you asking this of ? allyweek ... the people who're straight and allies of LBGT folks ?
I'm watching MrAndMrsSmith on GetGlue
I am , in effect , barred from practicing law . Roy Moore isn't .
When I read the "" what's new "" part of an app update and it says "" this update includes minor improvements "" - __ - give me details !
my coffee was laced with crazy . i apologize for the tweets
My toe socks are actually really uncomfortable . ButTheyLookCute 90sgirlproblems
I'm earning mPOINTS with NameDaState !
Oh dear lord . I need with me during this workout part . OMG I'm dying . U KNOW WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT . HS <3
I don't know what I touched yesterday but I want to rip my hands off . They are so itchy !
I spent 2 hours today trying to figure how to dress like a real person and ended up way over dressing
Eat , Pray , Snort WeedMovies
Every one of those pages protects your food from being filled with rat droppings , spoiled meat out of your deli , lead out o
hahahah who are you direct messaging ? Let me guess ... a country singer ?
Guess I'm cooking dinner for me , myself , and I . Oh well , more for me .
This is actually happening America : state by state low-income children are losing their healthcare while Republican donors
Official : vs . Clemson on Nov . 28 will kick off at Noon airing on ESPN or ESPN 2 . Gamecocks
Who you gonna call .
I see you tweeting everyone .. so I'm gonna take a shot at it . Do you see this epic tweet ? If so , follow back please ! Xoxo
Burn . Down . The . Patriarchy .
few things are better than chilled junior mints on a warm day
why fall in love when you can fall asleep
See you around , fellows .
My 18th birthday is in 18 days A follow would be a perfect birthday present :) x1 , 232
My personal fave : train crashes through very inconveniently placed BARBER SHOP . Instead of getting a
I love my alone time when its time to watch a movie . Who do you watch with ? MovieSolo
Nah that was still elementary school
Assembling 11 sleepers for 2015 , one player at a time . This week he checks in on Davante Adams :
Going in public after the show in your stage makeup like ...
Give 6200 + Real Human FAST YOUTUBE and 50 Likes In less then 48 - 72 Hou for $ 2 > > >
Whoops ! Cannes First-Timer Caitriona Balfe Learns About the Festival's Famous Breeze the Hard Way via
This is the year to make all your dreams come true . Start by writing them down ! Ad
So in short : Wentz is better than Dak and will absolutely have greater success than Dak . O
Castle Dungeon has been explored . Are you able to reach it too ? android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
We found new details about the new Trump-branded hotels . Now we want your help to find the rest .
Agreed . I guess I think to myself ... what would happen if this were LeBron ? Or Brady ? That wouldn't fly . T
Scary ! We could have the next civil war only it won't be north vs south , it'll be intelligence vs stupidity !
Check out the Fab Accessories Shop . via
5 Places to Look for Your Next Sales Manager
Exactly my point to a Seattle fan today .
Rihanna killed this hook . I think y'all forgot about this one .
Got Pokemon Go , managed to find a Rattata in my NYC apartment , this amuses me .
* Normal movement speed * Kingsisle ...
When you're old enough to go by yourself but "" Mother "" takes you shopping anyways
via still one of my faves ! ! laugh
I'm gonna bug you till you release more pre orders for PS4 lol please hurry
When bae hasn't called or texted u all day , so u mentally prepare yourself for how u gonna cuss em out
Same untruths from an utterly untruthful president . AlertTheDaycareStaff
The FBI is investigating the DNCemailhack and trying to find the culprit of the leak , instead of arresting the people implicated in fraud .
Jimmy is right the 3 heads of Jessica on the screen during Bohemian Rhapsody was a distraction
Kinda sad BUT ITS FINE THO
Things I just want to do RIGHT MEOW : move into the new place and DECORATE .
did it make a come back ?
Congratulations to Old Orchard Beach HS - winners of some team signed basketballs at the schoolspirit 13 finale !
It's time RelocateRevolution Sad to see the finale tonight on NBC . SaveRevolution
* sends friend an article about dude in jockstrap * friend : no , stop . I can't get thirsty yet I'm loooking at Moroccan light fixtures
"" i think i ate gerbil food "" okaygrams
Touchdown ! My new address : 67P ! CometLanding
i love how baby boomers think when millennials use their phones they're just staring at a blank screen like mindless z
Young , less educated males share a greater amount of discriminatory content on Facebook , whereas young university females sh
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in DROP 5 .
She's mine and you can't have her
Wow .... she's managed to insult "" Russians "" as well as us . Marxist Maxine sure does get around ...
This isn't even funny anymore
Dive into vs Man from 2016 ! The complete match :
