Listening to Swingout Sister - Breakout on XM Radio online .
Back home working on some project . Gin + Vodca + Juice + Ice to cool down .
wnt 2 bnk . gt a reggae band 4 watch , eatn salad n pizza
my friends sons 2nd bday . sipn on a carona
Using probably one of the best online photo tools out there ... www.picnik.com ... integrated with Flickr , Picasa , even webcams !
4 breaking the fast , I had whole grain cereal w / dried cranberries & blue berry crumpets . Off 2 wrk , nice day & happiness . Life is good .
pi.com is down . On the fon w / host . Pinoy CSR . Luks like server issue
feeling kind of like i beat myself up . which is somewhat true seeing as i had a kung fu belt test yesterday . now i'm an orange belt ! :)
on a farewell tour of my favorite places in Rochester .
Laying down with kids & watching tv . Sn hot ...
Just found a great font and design blog ...
wishing life were more black and white and less shades of gray .
being confused about what to do about what happened over the weekend .
may crawl back to Gamefly . Gamerang's turnaround time on the last game was 11 business days .
at the doctor's office , finding out why two of my fingers are numb .
A Sound of Thunder ? The one about the butterfly the guy stepped on in the past ? Or am I thinking of something else ?
fun ! I am still awake for some reason .
gonna be a long week . I can tell by the way deadlines are shaping up . Everything was apparently due yesterday .
just saw your tweet , i'm stanford class of ' 98 also . we should try to get classmates to use twitter at reunion if you're going .
They had nifty metal Easter eggs with Wonka candy inside on clearance at Target . Jasper is batting one around now . Definitely worth the 24u00a2
Looking at buying one of those logitech all in one remotes . Is this a problem I really don't need solving ?
amazing documentary production class .
Turns out it's super fun : go through the Library of Congress's 1910s photos on Flickr and match them to articles from the NY Times archives .
nice ... opportunity for public education . what if public education was about a bigger community and context beyond school ?
FlickrExport is working just fine . I should be ashamed as a reader of ' s that it took me so long to come around .
Back home . Trying to figure out what the Supoena from the SF DA's office is about . I'm to be a witness . hmm .
funny and random to see that name pop up , I worked on our college newspaper with her
Midwest Ren Fest press release posted to AtTheFaire.com last night . Its worth a read . Very good and strategic .
* that was supposed to say ' burn your hair OFF ' .. I'll blame the mistake on the thin air up here on the 27th floor .
Do you pay per text ?
Photos from DelFest are on Flickr . They make it look like we had a great time . :)
So I guess McDonald's don't have ice cream cones anymore ? The kid I just asked for one acted like I made it up . It's on the menu like always
iTunes : Warren Zevon u2013 Back in the High Life
I almost wish he HAD broken it so I could be so , so , so much angrier plus get a new printer . The cat is OBSESSED with the printer .
okay ... just saw the lost season finale , which I had saved on my laptop ..... W T F .
in that case , tell shardy he's a twit for not using twitter
posted to quantitativepeace.com , but the normal facebook update will not happen for this post . Thus , we get this form of publicity .
is looking at a coding form .
OMG . You need to follow mommypie then . You could be one of her Doogs !
did you finally have success with iPhone ?
Just finished up a night at the waterpark in Branson . I am now eating pizza by the world's biggest banjo . Yeehaw ?
the Ninja Turtles would be glad .
Shhhhh ! Don't give them any ideas Dave ! :P
iTunes : NPR u2013 FBI Marks 100 ; Former Agent Has Long Memories
Mother-in-law staying with us . What a savior . Got real sleep last night .
When I go to a website that houses a lot of information , chances are I want to search . Could you autoselect the search bar , please ? Kthxbye .
I HATE bugs ! ! ! ! !
wow , small world indeed ! I do have the pleasure of knowing crazy atsushi ;-)
Kayaking , fencing , dancing immediately come to mind .
Follow jessydude 1 ~ Renee
all of this working on airline cases makes me want to own a hotel chain . hotelers don't know how sweet they have it .
shoot going well . Exhausting days .
ok Bob , i can filter out the rest for you . thanks for the aff . to IM Success Workshop-already promoting on my blog ! pam
AOL : "" McCain decided on running mate Thursday & a top prospect , MN Gov Tim Pawlenty , abruptly canceled numerous appearances .
would be proud : in a convertible with the top down on the pacific coast highway , in malibu
Showing Amatucci what the hell TWitter is .
speaking of which : pondering going to NY for a long weekend this weekend , if I can pull it off
Overwhelmed by events of the past few days , and cleaning to take my mind off of it . Some days , I just don't know which way is up anymore .
Fringe was shooting in our building's lobby last night . Our neighborhood is a hotbed of TV locations .
Soo frickin hot , I need a nap !
Fresca has always been a calorie-free beverage , it used to have saccharin in it in the 80s .
amazing 3 hour lunch at otto's pizzeria . I highly recommend the Olive Oil Gelato dessert . Sounds nasty but is completely great .
is not watching the final game Yankee stadium or the cowboys-packers game so that he can work on ordination stuff ... 3 days and counting .
is heading off to work at HCC
Girl , I feel bad sometimes about being overweight , and being too tall , but you will not see me go to THAT extreme . * shivers *
I got clocked today .. twice .. as female ? Bizarre turn of event
Amateur economists : what do you think of Rule 80A ( uptick / downtick rule ) ?
... so maybe I should clarify before the rumors start , I am not making baby announcements for myself they are for my business ...
meant to email you about that ' Thank You ' page idea . i can resend if help remind you . thanks , pam
Research methods and stats . Where's the math ? Why do I always want to punch myself in the face in this class ?
aww :( stupid workstuffs . You're not even online right now ( outside of the sidekick )
The digital counter at New York's Times Square that tracks the U . S . governmentu 2019s debt has run out of space - surpassed $ 10 trillion
they should survive the ordeal of nail polish-so many of us have ! :) pam
Hannity's America : Sean Hannity on Barack Obama . FoxNews at 8: 00 p . m .
Yay , all registered . Now , back to sleep . Ugh .
postdiction ( I will make another postdiction ) uh-oh , I'm in a prophecy loop , can't get out , lol
Why are your updates protected ?
The Intertubes are a series of nets .
eating some veggie soup .
Is sleeping in after a grueling week .
I'm hoping they will both live on without Rev 3 . But they were here before Rev 3 , so WHY WHY WHY ? I'm asking for answers !
And I based that lack of protection on this :
Happy freakin ' Halloween ! ~ Renee
if you do , you should change your middle name to "" Epic "" or "" Badass "" or something =)
Praying for that something .
is it the dress I saw or another one ? Not sure one can be more fabulous !
Prop 8 Protest in Chicago tonight ! Please retweet !
u266a Billy Joel u2013 I've Loved These Days ( Live )
I think that's a federal law . The more deliveries per day , the more tokes allowed . By days end , they cant find their keys .
red dragon up for grabs ( packrat )
Cool . Nice to hear your out there meeting people . Hope it works out for you .
Why does NBC torture us so much
Nice . I like that it's JS based . Save a local copy for extra security .
Get some sleep . Tweet ya later .
is going to bed !
Well , I've always been bi , but my orientation has been shifting towards primarily male . I'm ok with it , but you can never actually
Somewhat . Part of it is , this is all happening so fast for me , I'm just trying to catch up . I NEVER expected to be so far ..
I have probably made WAY more then that myself . I use twitter SOOO much more then I did even a week ago .
SVU Fanfic all the way ! ! :) I Fanfiction
* nods * Well , good thing you got out of there then sis .
Baylor beating Texas Tech ? ? Say it ain't so Joe !
Girl . You REALLY need to tell him . Prior to him leaving . That's it , give me his number . Wait , is he cute ? :P
Going to go take a nap . BBL
feels abandoned by everyone . I just want to curl up and die .
Wilder Show's generosity helped my husband ( unemployed x 20 months ) & I to share a fun & inexpensive evening with friends . Thx !
( packrat ) all i want for christmas are 3 bows and arrows !
i don't even give it that long . TinyURL.com / 6xsnwu
Work is driving me crazy while I still shop for my outfit ... www.santapubcrawl.com .
Some days computers just refuse to be friendly .
Watching Someone Like You then cleaning my room * Katie *
Hoard and go nuts , Spend a buck for some escapism . Decisions , decisions ...
is stacking chips on the board like he's Intel .
how's the eye ? go to the doc ?
I'm so tired I can't think ... but I need to get stuff done . :(
After seeing March of The Penguins , I swore never to complain about the cold again , but it's going to be 0 degrees wind chill tomorrow . :-(
Ringorang makes me feel like being Pavlov's dog .
i'm following noradsanta on here , and a half hour ago , they said santa just flew hagatna !
Woohoo ! I'm excited to get a Ringorang T-shirt ! Thank you . I guess 13 is no longer unlucky . :-)
u266a Steve Miller Band u2013 Abracadabra
flylady re : socks , i have a 4yo and 1yo , and i bought one brand for the 4 yo and a totally different brand for the 1yo with size on tread .
My daughter just learned to say Wall-E , which is handy , because she's too young to say "" Waste Allocation Load Lifter Earth class . ""
See , you took the easy one , and left the other one alone . I wondered if I was gonna be the only one to catch that . :)
im mad that kayaking has a prerequisite . i was born with the wilderness in my veins , damnit .
What ? Did you just call me what I think you called me ? :P
* raises an eyebrow * Should I be worried about this * surprise * you have for me ?
That's why you're "" Mr . Awesome "" . hehe We actually have a lot of similar thoughts , from two different points of perspective .
computer is completely fucked . It seems to think I'm dragging something ( what ? ) and nothing will act right . if I lose my ai file I will cry
u266a Elvis Costello & The Imposters u2013 American Gangster Time
brrrrrrr it's frigid this morning !
My hand gets tired of turning the volume up and down during the Wilder Show to make sure Willoughby's voice can't enter my consciousness .
Uhh , yeah . Just ask Dee . My tongue can be pretty sharp sometimes , and you haven't really felt it yet . So tread carefully .
yum yum oh 2 mths ago i dremed u made glutin free french toast
Well , if you've got eggs you can make an omelet . Slap some salsa on there or cheese or both . What's in your fridge ?
You sure rallied and came on strong today . Go you !
Ward out ? Steelers fumble . Feelin a little better about my ravens .
Had a great night with my fiancu 00e9 ! ! Now waiting on a download that is taking FOREVERRRR ! !
ugh , yes . Boys , why are you trying so hard to make me not like you ?
i LOVE to celebrate ANY accomplishment - keeps me going ! thanks , pam
just fell asleep at the computer . time to go to bed !
India's Ice Man creates artificial glaciers to solve water shortage
glad you're feeling better !
is trying to design a Bayesian workshop ...
Snow bunny ... she devil ... same results , just different methods . * grins evilly &
7 . All Together Dead 8 . From Dead to Worse 9 . Dead and Gone Hope that helps . Good luck .
just had a mild heart attack as a bird tried to enter the dining room via the closed sliding glass door .
Dear Pres : Pls give us drivers like you have to negotiate the ice . And , while you're at it , pls give us voting representation in Congress .
New Imperative Podcast on the business case for social media with
- this is for my new friend Emily who doesn't like socks ! !
Typing a letter as I watch the game .
oh goodness , sorry suz just now seen this .. hi ya friend .. not used to the yet :)
Please help stop the barbaric practice of aerial hunting in Alaska thank you
Re : LOST I knew it !
actually welled up at the end of hell's kitchen
Okay , I started The Time Traveler's Wife this morning . This one's gonna be a challenge , but a good one .
hearing David White : 2nd anniversary show ! pam
Randomness-The Constant Gardner is beautiful & u2665breaking , the subway fight in Spidey 2 is amazing and Superman Returns is frstratngly boring
didn't go to sleep before getting dh up 3am . blah .
I wonder if non-ARGers would figure that out ? Good for you ! :-)
Im dreading Valentines Day ! It was anniversary with my ex . Together 12 years and this will be my first one alone ! Any sympathy ? lol
Someone is snoring loudly on our overnight emergency conference wwd dot com call .
is finished with his meeting in Louisville . Good to see Dr . Adams , Dr . Scroggins , Dr . DeWitt , Gene Dodson , Jay Picard & Stephen Smith .
I really recommend it . It's kind of a sci-fi love story . He has a disorder that makes him jump around time . He met his wife ...
The Littermaid ? Seriously don't waste your money . I've owned 2 of them & they both broke . Piece of crap ... LOL .. literally !
There has to be an easier way to "" find people "" on here ...
wait for the day to be done : )
It's on Fox Friday nights at 9est . Premise is 5 "" dolls "" who can be programmed to be anyone for missions , and then wiped after .
your comment got marked as spam . approved it . CakePHP is definitely the best for small projects .
I think I'd almost forgotten about LinkedIn till I got a request from a friend ... so of course I came looking for more ppl : )
it's all happening , all at once ! :) pam
Is at work , saving the last half of the new U2 album for the ride home .
thinks the economy is super depressing .
This is by-far my favorite steak-ish place in Des Moines , though I've never had their steak . The have fa ...
About to watch This Week In Fun at
Cat either hates Gamecube controllers or is jealous of my Mario Kart skills .
Why is it okay for Jim Parsons to be so goddamn adorable ?
its sad but lovely ! By the end I wasn't sure why I was crying !
Cat needs to stop waking me up by pouncing on my head . It's not as funny as he seems to think , and it doesn't make me want to feed him .
is drinking Pepsi & planning the day .
that nefarious rat blithely stole my last coconut i needed to feat , even though they now seem to be ubiquitous .
I told him to look for Dave . He tweeted something about keeping his eyes open for Dave along w / Brad & Angie ...
trying to last these 2.5 hours ... Fridays should be the weekend !
Gotta go jump in the shower , babe . Going to a movie soon & then Phantom at the Buell later . I'll call you in between ? You okay ?
my bluetooth mouse cut out and won't come back and then safari crashed with like 5 online bill pay windows open and I'm pissed off
is getting ready to work on the album cover some more , and then get back to the remixes .
For my money , there's no better meal than macaroni and cheese with some kind of meat cut up in it ( old family recipe ) .
wow dude . Wow .
found the geocache If Ida IceCreamMan
On my way home saturday is taking to long to get here <Dreamers>
I'm still reading Watchmen for the first time ! Nobody better ruin it for me with their movie reviews tomorrow !
with lots of Ranch dressing !
I will , sweetie . I'm out for the night . I was just reminded that we're losing an hour this weekend . Goodnight : )
Spring ahead , fall back .... Damn farmers .
Nascar : Kurts response : Dominant win at AMS for older Busch : The other Busch showed his kid brother a th ..
oh god . so tired . falling asleep and itu 2019s not even noon yet .
"" Why get married and make one girl happy when you can stay single and make ' em all happy ? "" - random old dude in seattle
Love ya back : )
Taking my first calls from angry VZW customers today .
I just never understood the concept of hating someone you used to love . Silly humans .
Took my wonderful dinner leftovers for lunch today . Love it when flavors mesh even more for better left overs ! ! !
Stavia - Playing The Maw ; Inactive
hey , good-enuf works for Microsoft ! ideaparty
working all night again , getting off at 10am tomorrow morning to do it again tomorrow night ! yikes .
New Movie Friday : The Last House on the Left - The final chapter in the House Party saga
Early . Work . Meh .
I hate being invited to drink with people I dislike . I said no , in favor of grilled cheese with banana peppers and basil . Yum .
Guy WGC CA yelled for Phil's 18th tee shot to "" GET IN THE WATER "" . Classic .
what advantages does it have over svn ?
just thinking , why does my husband's junkie sister hang out with the dope head across the street and wonders why we think she's doing drugs ?
Sabres : GAMENIGHT : SABRES AT SENATORS : For a sputtering Buffalo Sabres team needing all the help it can g ..
Stavia - Playing Ticket to Rideu 2122 ; Playing a Local Match - North America .
Really nice Ron wuote . Keep ' em coming , and congrats on Werewolf last night .
exactly , Dali-Geometry-Theology , enough said ,
Amen ! ! Sometimes I wish I was oblivious to everything that was going on . I'd be a lot more sane and a lot less cynical .
playing pingo at 9 with annette !
nothing like coffee and tv to boost the thrusters for the day ! :)
Stavia - Playing The Maw ; In Planet Maw . Maw is hungry .
Nascar : Bristols banking can make Johnson rather ordinary : Jimmie Johnson loves Bristol Motor Speedway . ..
I know you are greedy , hence , you're name . So what did you eat today , girl ?
holy cow , i'm freezing !
He gets all fired up . Stand back & cover the ears of the wee ones .
Tv-to me-is too much of a commitment . You miss a show & you get behind . But I've been watching DH almost from the beginning .
I'm happy that you are happy that I'm happy that is happy that she went to see 10 years .
She's a twit & not in a good way . I still love her though .
LOL ! I'm impressed ! Mine was smaller-I think about 7 "" . I want a real one though , just for a day - just to see what it's like : )
Naps are definitely a good thing .
new post : why the wii fit works ( and why it doesn't )
i totally woke up on the wrong side of the bed !
Answering questions on answers.yahoo.com is a lot of fun .
experienced a great week of revival Westfair . Thank u Pastor Warren & church family 4 ur love expressed 2 me . God bless u all . liftsm
I'm thinking change is in the wind !
We're in the middle of another lovely spring blizzard . Don't you miss those ?
I'm working on images for AR & RB AFBC :)
thanks ! it's this giveaway that got me going here on the twit ! ( hand is still up in the air saying "" pick me "" )
Just set up twitter on my phone !
On my way home . Tired as heck .
Maybe this was a bad idea , there's a snowstorm going on in salt lake city .
Now if only the regular expressions in the RSS-sucking plugin would work properly , the actual , you know , CONTENT would be okay .
Ever done it before ? We went last year . Loved it but Red Rocks is still 1
Caroline is here ... born 6:05 pm , weighing 7 lbs , 91/2 ozs . 20 1/2 inches long ! ! Mom , Baby , and Dad are doing fine . Just call me Uncle T ...
Scotty's video on Channel 8 WISH - TV :
getting excited about dinner tonight ... stuff pork chops ...
YES ! 3 national ! Bronze medal for "" MADDUX "" , bay-bee ! !
One reassuring thing about today : No one could possibly be fired on April Fool's Day .
wondering why people with narc addictions post their "" pain status "" on facebook . Cry for help , maybe ?
What ? ! I ADORE The Time Traveler's Wife . What was Life on Mars ? ? ?
goldstar for you ! ! ! ! ! !
Wrote a song and sang it today . I am working on putting it on MySpace . I am also working on another song video .
Yes Yes ! I won the WAMM music video contest ! Thanks to Perilelle and all the crew I had , it's cliche , but I couldn't have done it otherwise
My Twitter is tweekin ... I think it's on overload !
Looking forward to an uneventful weekend !
Morning is not my friend . At Flames practice though . Super Best Friend is a diva
Got to meet la parka at pancho villa grocery market .
Ready to enjoy my last day of vacation and I get to spend it with my cousin . :-)
Just listed myself in the local Twitter directory in ZIP 20110
Stae of NV Assembly Bill 192 is being heard in committee . It could change NV's performance-based contracting statutes . AGC is backing it .
"" In the wishing well , wishing well I lay my soul ""
Call me a fair weather fan if you like , but I really enjoy it when it's nice outside .
I want to be upset that I didn't find you sooner , and yet it was total fate how it worked out . I should feel lucky I found you at all .
No quoting Sublime on Twitter . It's not right somehow . :P
is patiently awaiting her next trip ... April 17th - - CHICAGO !
Wait until a doctors office calls , looking for you , to CONFIRM AN APPOINTMENT , and makes you verify personal data 4 times . Fun .
u266a Charlie Daniels Band u2013 The Devil Went Down to Georgia
Ahh , from the Rationality > warcraft raiding archives :
PETA must have heard of the good deeds the DHETA druids are doing for Azerothian wildlife in Borean . ;)
Well I'm awake but I dont know if I want to get out of bed . Seems to be a lazy day .
Still getting use to Twitter . Need to find more people to follow though . Looking foward to Easter dinner tomorrow ! !
Why is Mariah Carey always tweeting in circles ? It seems like she tweets just to herself .
not bad all you really need to do now is get the paint to amtch skin color
We have collectible coupons and price drops , which means more collectibles for less money . :-)
u266a The Beatles u2013 Back in the U . S . S . R .
I'm kidding lol . I seem to be in that all-too-familiar delirious stage
Ok , I have 3 whole hours to myself right now . Going to see how disciplined I can be and whip this house back into shape !
Okay , gotta be watching Idol now with one eye on the setlist . Multi-tasking at it's best : )
This place is 4 random
Great president , or the greatest president .
Hey , your Infinity Links aren't working . That or the Infinity site is down .
Yes you can group , but it doesn't look like you can edit the group you just have to make a new one from scratch
lucky i'm here an hour early <Memento Mori>
Rock N Roll ... ( Ashton Kutcher Live >
Reading FMLs . Laughing at other peoples lives is tragic , but entertaining .
Weave in the news !
Brag away , darlin ' ! I was row 27 that night , 11 on Sun & 7 on Mon . Friday way up in Gen'l admission ; )
I NEED to change mine ! You DO have an obsession .
lol re your wedding dress being locked up . btw i have no idea what you're talking about in the last msg you wrote me
Yeah i'm a show ya how to get ya shine on
Massive water leak home . Ugh .
Anybody on facebook who wants my new home phone number just text me & i will send it to you . Thanks .
wakin up , getin going ... dont want to go home ... oh well
Alls fair in love and war
You can send the oven East ! It's only 48 here . :P We are supposed to hit 80 this weekend though !
Oohh ... Irvine & Chula Vista ! I did those in ' 07 along w / the Bowl . Great venues ! ! !
Tony ... , Hawks , Cats and Snakes are the natural predators of Robins .
I've never used one . what's wrong with them ?
Were it anybody but Fox News , I'd probably consider Obama / Chavez fanfic the awesomest thing since JK Rowling admitted Dumbledore / Grindelwald
Google street view just drove by my house ! Or at least a car with a huge 360u00ba camera on top of it just drove by ...
Cali trip postponed moving in with a friend lets see how this goes . Broke bitch right here . <*~Eryka~*>
hahaha .. im honestly having a conversation about that . Sleep deprived and enjoying it
First parent conference next week . Dad thinks kid's failing grade somehow my fault . I wonder what his kid tells him ...
Just took my 14th mugshot !
Looking for missing illustrations ; gathering things for upcoming citywide yardsale ; waiting for rain . Hoping to put song on paper .
Overheard at RIT : "" Power Rangers beats everything . ""
El Beit roasts a decent bean . Mmm costa rica .
that's awesome ! ! tell him congratulations ! :D
survived the tornado last night . I'm still very tired .
Exactly five years ago to the minute , I was presented with a six pack of Budweiser bottles in the basement of Teer library . Cheers gentlemen
LOL I didn't put all the SU songs in there though & I had put "" Stand Up ( sucked ) "" but it didn't work so I took it out .
At what point is it acceptable to start smacking students about the head ? I mean , for their own good ....
Going to bed . Class at 8: 45 , naptime , CB project , film class , dinner , CB class , then AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH .
Working on things . I don't get to play until well after downtime is over unless it's a patch day . :)
ROFL ! That's great .
Still trying to figure this whole Twitter thing out ! ! ! !
I am in a class of guys with the mental compasity of 10 year olds , 17 more days of this shit
getting free samples from thunderfap cool stuff
I believe I like FB better ! I probably won't log on to this much
saw a couple people with surgical masks on the subway platform . Starting to feel like a dystopian sci fi movie .
Yum ! My fave . Lol :-)
Woo blame it on the a a a a alcohol
"" The Distance "" by Cake just came up on shuffle and I am loving it . I haven't heard this song in so long and it's so fun .
I didnt let it get that far , but I saw it as a definite possibility .
i swear i leave you guys alone for a couple hours things get amputated and people play volley ball ... ridiculous !
Sittin at larry's house . He's tryin to fix his lawn mower ... Wait ... Yeah he got it
I know right this is ridiculous lol
working on lesson plans , facebook games will have to wait a little bit .
Crime on the rise in your hood ? It has been in mine--read about it and some tips to help keep you safe .
Hey you wouldn't happen to do team shirts would you ?
Lightning and golf ! Favorite combination
- Back seat pimpin in the burban
Anyway , it's about time for me to get to bed for school tomorrow . It's been fun picking on people , but I need some beauty rest . Ok , a lot .
Wondering what that strange light in the sky is after 9 out of the last 10 having rain .
i feel like it's been too long since i've had anything really interesting to say . . . and today is not the day that that's going to change
LMAO . JUST DEAD !
Yahhh ! Con tomorrow ^_^ b
Doing okay I guess .
Feeling a little bit better . I hope today is a good one :)
Just rode my new bike around town for a couple hours , remember why i loved bike rides as a kid , but man , you need to have an IRON taint !
thinks that tomorrow may make her go completely insane . arthritis walk , work , then babysitting . fml
that's awesome ! I'm so jealous ! !
Not Rattatouie , but I'm so proud of my little hunter . Didn't think my cats knew how to catch anything . They're pretty lazy .
Day eleven getting started in the greatest city in america . Yankees orioles on tap
I am going to go to sleep and never , ever wake up . Watching VH1 all day really wears a girl out , damn .
accomplished one of the most important things on her * to do * list !
Training summer interns and eating lots of Sees Chocolates .
Hearing mexicans mow the lawn , waking me up , adds 63 + points for my hate for them .
I am happy , I finally found someone that makes me smile .
is ready to get some shut eye . Tomorrow is another day .
Sea Roses have definitely become my new favorite flower / plant .
wtf lost . you're crazy already , and you've been on for like ... 4 minutes .
I'm up , and my little angel is acting like a whiner after her morning bottle .... so not like her .
I've had this headache for twenty-six hours now , and all ibuprofen does is give me a half hour of slightly less pounding pain . Fuck this .
the boys are back in town
Sham wow mix fucking rules sir !
I just realized that my phone's case smells like coffee .
welcome to another fad .
Hmm , probably not too useful , as it's difficult to tie the info to a particular person ; it's public info in some cases already , too
Watching season 2 of Flight of the Conchords .
Ooh ! Or , in the same exact tone that I say "" Sorry , I don't speak Korean , "" I can say , "" It's going to be legen , wait for it , dary . ""
Amazed to be watching live video of the repair of the Hubble Telescope .
"" Things with Wings "" is our theme !
Nathan is up and rolling , Lily is hyper as ever ( and rolling over now ; she started yesterday ) . Hubby's day to sleep in . We were up LATE .
omg he has to be married to susan he loved her for so long he cant give it up and they kissed and the girl had brown hair come on he it turn
i fear that i am dangerously obsessed with warbler . trying to cut it down to first / last songs of the day ...
how u get them ? ? because on o2 u had to get them seperate ? ? ?
WHAT A CROCK OF HORSE SHIT ! ! ! !
Nascar : Mayfield lawyer questions legitimacy of suspension : Sirius Speedway host Dave Moody and Suzie Arm ..
Green Day lashes out at Wal-Mart policy
we have a private airport Rob Roy Airport that i can see when i look out my front door
Stoked ? When are you ever "" stoked "" ...
whadda you wanna dooo ?
i myself and gonna finish checking my mail and work out ! motivation ! ! ! wooo yeah no flabby mindy at the pool this year ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I already watched it 5 times . I love it ! !
popefacts During times of trouble the pope's hat can double as a floatation device .
Boo . fuck life . fuck boys .
Packing up from hotel then off for a few final hours at Oklahoma Renaissance Festival before 8-9 hour drive back to Iowa .
Found you through Live strong , indeed . You are helping so many just by telling your story .
Found you through Well , "" Jill , "" my own wacky list is , well , wacky . But for now writer / teacher of deep soul writing .
Sabres : FANS TOP FIVE : OT PLAYOFF GOALS : Sabres.com wants you to chronicle the top moments in Sabres hist ..
Nascar : Drivers , owners meet with officials in town hall format : Gone are the days of a single-file proce ..
[ immediate posting of your personal photo to , followed by dm gloating ]
Ty 4 RT's Govt too much in r lives ! Should be our Choice--Man Survived Without Chemo
Sabres : FANS TOP FIVE : ALL-TIME ROOKIES : Sabres.com wants you to chronicle the top moments in Sabres hist ..
Impromptu gnarwhale mix 4 JUS 4 U MANG
- My "" evil "" child , Mick .
Did you try Mtjobs.com ?
Tancredo isn't one to talk . Not proud that he's from my home state .
At Bingo . Someone send me some luck .
see janet . I knew you were a vagitarian .
- While Jenn and Beckett watch the movie .
I think his last special was better .
Feels like summer today . Hoping for evening church . It's Fifth Sunday Sing , always a treat & a blessing ! Praying I'll know what to sing . :-)
we're fine ! i don't like asking peopleto hang out because iknow it's a hassle coming toget me , etc . let's blueberry frog this week !
o o get me a keychain or something
omg new moon ahhhhhh noooo jasper : O
wishes he didnt but he does : have 4 chapters to read in his textbook tonight before he can go to bed .
is really excited . Nintendo hit it out of the park with their press conference .
Skating with your skate key around your neck ........ NO ROLLERBLADES > > > LOL
Writing Down Your Soul is available through any book retailer , brick or online . Signed copies can be ordered from me . ...
Going to watch Randy Johnson go for win 300 against the Nationals . And no , I have absolutely no problem rooting against the Nats tonight .
. . . sometimes the restarts are the best ! ! I'm rooting for her ! ! :)
Wishes he could have had some chicken !
Irving Home Values Decrease 10.6 % Compared to Last Year
Ew ... I got followed by some girl whose pic was a chick with a dick in her mouth ... come on , there are kids on here .
1 woods trail , 1 mile long , 17 kindergarteners , 5 parents and 2 teachers . 20 minutes ! Saw 2 deer too . ( 2nd hike , 1st was more leisurely . )
Now you have to wake up everyone on the bus so they can see your name under Trending Topics !
I just saw the son of a woman who used to give me the most awful "" get away from my son "" looks ... Working the drive thru at McDonalds .........
Opening night of the play Gangsters . As the understudy I get to be "" Eve Harrington "" at tomorrow's matinu 00e9e . Fasten ur seatbelts !
Cool . I grew up in Conway . It's really pretty around there .
Nascar : Edwards wins fuel gamble , but comes up short at end : As the long race that is the Pocono 500 roll ..
hates to go to work when her baby is not feeling well . : L
Well , that explains it . Sometimes I do laugh at my own jokes ! Ooo ps , I mean "" jokes . ""
"" Because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine it . ""
ACT NOW : Tweet re : WWDC FAIL ! We can make a difference ! att fail wwdc iphone iphone 3gs 3gs
Woo hoo ! With my first full-credit final answer in a long time , a strong 40,588 puts me at a respectable 213th nationally for "" Showdown ""
Will be going to Willamette U lunch & learn "" Social Networks for Managers : The Choreography of Successful Technological Innovation ""
happily watching so you think you can dance . ahhhhhhh !
The significant word there is "" almost "" ... ;-) ( "" I'm so full I almost can't drink . "" )
looking at the clouds in the sky ... should be a good day to drive
LOL - - I'm watching it too . I think the collagen in her lips has migrated to her brain .
See everyone at the Xterra race in Richmond this weekend
what are you going to school for ?
Date night watching the beautiful heat-lightning clouds ;)
I'm starting to feel it . :/
- drunk after reception .
Blech . It sucked . Not a good one .
Twitter is asking "" what am I doing ? "" Waiting for 10pm so I can go home from work and chill with Bart .
don't be injured ! :( feel better soon !
This whole relationship is ironic .
Earl is working on a old idea for a new book and still hoping to land a new publisher for his work A PRAYER IN THE WIND ; any thoughts ...
aaarrrruuugggghhhhhhhh . brain . won't . focus .
watching CMT awards ! getting ready to call it a night ! wishing everyone a great hump day tomorrow !
Last yr was my 1st there - hope not my last . Amazing place . It'll inspire you : )
Garth Stein at the Tattered Cover was great . Funny guy . I got two books signed . Yay !
I AM A DORK ! I AM WATCHING L O T R ! If you don't understand the acronym ... You suck
sure , sounds good !
Broke Hand ? ? ? That's what happens when u fight with gorillas .... LOL ! ! ! !
HOLY MOLY im getting so many followers from :
YAY ! ! ! ! ! Me want to see !
Very interesting .. thanks a bunch ! CROCODILE SOUP FOR THE SOUL : Edible Landscaping : Eating From the Earth
Got them a long time ago 1 works one does not .
Spent the evening at Relay for Life . Good dose of perspective .
Woke up at 10 , now what ?
has the best parents ever ! </Zandra>
Sanchez vs guida was the only good fight tonight .
Ugh waking up to feeling sick again . whats is this groundhogs day
Follow Calgary's City Council : yyc
You shoulda seen me doing commando moves in Winn-Dixie a couple weeks ago cuz it was ex-crushes , ex boyfriends central
that'll get you noticed <3
the lust for LA gets stronger the closer I get to graduation ...
Nascar : New Hampshire first of 10 in the Race to the Chase : Ten tracks , 10 excitement-filled weekends of ..
Festival : Yorktown Independence Day Celebration : Jul 4 at Historic Yorktown vtc
Gonna try and fix the computer today wish me luck
Iu2019ve put my life on the line 2 stop my government from whaling & I wonu 2019t stop now . Junichi from Japan plz help
No medal , but up to 47 nationally on the first late "" Countdown "" is a nice start to the late batch of games ..
How Does a Bestseller Happen ? Case Study Hitting 1 on the New York Times List
whoever said that pets are calming has never lived with an 8 year old mouthy siamese cat .
Time to get a new church , huh ?
Student loan relief - Income Based Repayment Plan -
You would think with all the stuff I have to do and with how busy we are , I would not be able to Tweet at work . You would be wrong .
what are the idiots doing now ?
... you and amanda need to stop talking about me !
- A Tribute to the King of Pop : Our 11 favorite Michael Jackson inspired Internet videos
At Kwik Star for gas and ATM .
Soooo excited for this ! ! ! I just hope the shade range is good ! It's hard for us "" so pale we're almost white "" girls !
Thank you so much for FF reco's .. Have a beautiful day !
Sounds fantastic . Glad you got to see dolphins today !
The dogs woke me up early again ... I'd like a refund on this weekend please
it is ok - instlled a new front door yesterday for mother-in-law buying a car tomorrow
Just don't go losing it .
is it monday again ?
wemt skating again today-went ok . Friends coming over tomorrow and were skating together wed . Saw Transformers 2 I loved it
You're on here ! With a picture and everything ! LOL
Woohoo ! Congratulations Bethy ! ~ Renee
Air quality is good this way . At least for now .
no , should I put it out as a vidcast series ?
Photo : I saw these at the store this morning . Limited Edition Butterfinger Buzz The NEW limited edition ...
Just ate dinner at Carrabas ' now at "" Sunsations "" where Katie is trying some board shorts on
BREAKING : Twitter Increases API Limit -
Interesting . RT : A single mega-colony of ants has colonised much of the world , scientists have discovered .
2day just sucks . i cant win . i suck life
- I loved Madi , Adele , Lola , and Tahnee's photos the most . Madi should not have went home that week . It ...
I just signed the lease for my new place this next year ! !
Just finished bowling now we're gonna watch the Snow Hill fireworks at Byrd Park
so excited for the TdF starting today ! Gonna be a nice 3 weeks coming up . I've missed watching Lance .
being on a computer about 16 to 20 times faster than the one I was just on .
listening to "" I Still Remember - Bloc Party "" u266b
Hello Brooklyn by All Time Low is my new favorite song its on repeat and still awesome .
"" I'm going to kill myself by bleeding to death , one period at a time . ""
is heading to the office , unamused by what repairmen call "" late morning "" .
FREE ! My card is not online !
And a great time was had by all at the ACFW author chat tonight . It was fun ! Looking forward to next time .
I just wired money to your Swiss bank account . spymaster
I'm glad that I can know the legacy and Music of Michael Jackson . I'll miss u Michael .
Lines of php , not LINES . Though I bet I could've fixed my blog code faster that way ...
Michael Jackson seems more appreciated dead than alive .
- by the looks of her face , it must be a lemon beer .
Get your hoardin ' gloves on ! The only Slim Jim factory in America exploded !
Gerade sind die Nike Lauftrikots fu00fcr den Firmenlauf geliefert worden . Die Teile sind hauteng ! nichtgut b2run
i am so sad my tattoos didn't make the cut for the show today :[
I saw him once with Nish Rawks and he was very dope ... I think he came out singing the them from the facts of life ...
Hanging with my K and our two furry children ...
sigh ... oh too confusing
We are kinda in the country . There are horses next door , but the town is within walking distance .
about to make pounds and pounds of pasta
did good in her race tonite ! Woot !
about to get on the bus soon , I have to work 9-5 .. not even excited at all .
Everyone that can sing extremely well should be permanently disfigured to even things out .
"" it makes me aerodynamic when i fight . ""
Almost back to Louisiana ...
Im not doin a whole lot . What about you ?
is sitting in the dark . Yay random power outage . that's twice in 2 days ...
YAY thanx for FF !
Awww ! Guide Dogs for the Blind Puppy Cam - just uploaded ! via Adorable ! ;-)
is it really him ? ! :D
that's a hard one . Good teachers learn with you and take you through the motions . Bad teachers just ... teach
Feierabend ! Ab auf die Kaufingerstrau 00dfe zum Dienstagabend-Shopping .
I flushed my cell phone sat we all do genius things
lmao I might have to take that back . I think I got my math messed up . Is your DSL working ?
chillin listening to underoath and drawing and surfing the interweb . multi-tasking w / out being productive is an art .
Check out "" Z "" Street not all are intoxicated on the Kool-Aid It's coming down to a fight for our survival .
Harry Potter ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I love Daniel he's soo hot !
"" Explosion in Social Media Fails To Create Many Jobsu 2014So Far ""
Are yall drinking that Zin out of a straw
Right ! That is why I said it . Don't forget Madonna . Lol
seersucker thursdays on the hill . rocking it .
The Real Secret to Marketing With Social Media [ Fast Company ] = >
Home all week by myself . So this is what a quiet house without toys everywhere is like ! Actually a bit lonely ...
"" Holy Hadith I didn't know it would be this difficult , not EVERYONE loves me ? ""
playing on twitter , watching discovery ID , and thinking about what I should be doing but don , t want to . My mind wants to rest .
hopes it doesnt rain tomorrow . I want perfect weather for the Art Fair .
I love these dimensional informational sites ....
I have sat its better
- OOO OOO OOO OOO OOh that is so you baby . these other people just jealous and hating lol .
I can't sleep ... wow , shocker . At least its almost time to get up . NYC today :)
Congrats buddy ! Well done and well deserved . Sending high-fives to u all ! Muffin + Chip
At the gym , there is a guy AROUND the treadmill area . Perhaps I should be a kind soul and explain to him how treadmills work ...
"" Top Twitter WordPress Plugin Roundup | Chicago Web Design "" ( )
Yeah it is . But it's ok . And I'm not as back as I want to be . Just able to use my phone to get online right now . Missed u guys
Form of ..... a bucket of water !
Came into work at 7 . ApparentLy I'm not supposed to be here untiL 9 . AWESOME .
OK , so ... do we walk a lot at BlogHer ? Or just run around the Sheraton ? blogher
can't type anything on Twitter ... grr ...
Think I'm gonna settle for Starship Troopers and call it a night .
Deflect the mess with my Atari paddle ; control the flow , these bits is second nature . Paper is what I make by pushing data .
FACT : my grammar sucks .
I just got done cutting over a foot of hair off my bro in law . Best haircut I've ever done .
Bwahaha . She was telling me about it when I was just waking . I said oh maybe pancakes or rowing then on way to work the song hit me
oh no ! can you get on facebook chat or something ?
Just had my first "" hollywood "" meeting ... don't worry I'm making it seem a lot bigger than it actually was
is playing Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles : My Life as a Dark Lord .
Had a blast last night at ipc . Thursday they double game cards so $ 25 earns $ 50 in game credit ! Buffet was great .
hope u had a super friday
Our Friday night tradition ! This week : Obamacare , A Deadly Summer in Afghanistan , and the Gates Controversy
: O are you nervous ?
Obama & the Cambridge Police Obama didn't pay ages old parking tkts until he announced his bid for Prez Prez = Scofflaw
I use chronosync with a drobo . Good expandable raid .
Are we still too busy celebrating Buehrle's Perfecto to play some baseball ? Oh ... and Bobby Jenks sucks !
My mom's at the airport to come to Korea ... yay ! My mom's coming to Asia for the first time ! Isn't that exciting ?
Curse you iPhone and your ability to accidentally call the most innappropriate person at the worst time possible ! ! !
hah its okay (: no problem (: & thanks !
Just open the suitcase and the stimulate the airflow--all will be good . Loved the Woman of Color panel--favorite session !
about to get on bike for wet ride home .
Working on my anatomy & physiology paper off & on for about 4 hours . Not feeling it at all . Oh well ... tomorrow is another day ... LOL
Damn ! I think I got caught by the photo radar van this morning ! !
Dear , call later ? I have a question about the weekend there . K ? K .
Got about three hours of sleep . A four-shot peppermint white mocha is waiting for me :)
wild thornberries (: rugrats ! Doug ! Kenan & kel , ahhh ! Monsters :D & all the shows you mentioned before ! (:
Just in case anyone missed Steven Colbert nailing the library ( the Nazareth , PA public library to be exact )
Just booked the hotel for gencon .
Nobody's Perfect . Words of Wisdom from Hannah Montana .
I'm live on Stickam ... go to started : Thu , 03:58 PDT
burn him on a pile of all his ugly-ass clothes .
Phase one complete ... on to phase two .
What a beautiful heartwarming story ! Lost dog collects clues which lead rescuers to her family
yeah , but its the studio version :(
Adapt will automatically sync with Outlook . Read more here
"" Bald-headed Woman "" Weird Bee Gees ( Instead of ' More than a Woman ' ) rejectedweirdalsongparodytitles
just saw the 1984 version of dune . would like to get the book eventually
Wondering what to do on this beautiful Saturday . Chicken on the grill and a few beers later sounds good !
Can't wait for our daughter to be old enough to mow the lawn
According to a bazillion twitterites it's friendship day ! Happy Friendship Day to all my real , Internet and imaginary friends . U rock !
o am drunlk on wine and playing pokler ! owoooo ! RiN
"" 25 Classic Fonts That Will Last a Whole Design Career "" ( )
Just took "" Do you know all about Miley Cyrus ? "" and got : You're a big fan ! ! ! Try it u2794
At home , midget guitarist overrated , Bob Ross skilled painter .
Friend was just talking about a medication called Relpax that she said is fantastic ( new I think )
I have absolutely no clue what you are talking about . Its like Im 3 years old and my parents are spelling N-A-P so I dont cry .
Thinking ... maybe i should start a new career ... hmm lol
Taking a 10 minute break during my summer school class - doing electrochemistry right now ...
there are two things i want right now . to get my own place and see brenna . thankfully i will see her soon .
Aww ! Have you SEEN Miss Maddie Mo ' ? ! She's for adoption ! ! www.spbr.org for more details !
Just took "" Missing Lyrics "" and got : BAD ! ! ! Try it u2794
Kollegen wollen mich zum fastfoodfriday u00fcberreden .
just voted "" GIRLS JUST WANNA HAVE FUN-MILEY CYRUS :) "" on "" WHATS IS THE BEST COVER ? "" vote too u2794
Small Plane , Sightseeing Helicopter Crash Over Hudson Rivr There have been so many of these incidents w / these choppers
I don't know what I did but I managed to hit almost no traffic today . It was kinda amazing .
Mike juSt asked his wife to fart on his face so he could guess her weight .
Yesterday I was so tired my hair hurt . Today I wake up with a migraine . I'm going back to bed until Thursday .
So : going home today . ): flying all by myself again , on a full flight , in a middle seat . this will be fun .
is giving vocelli's pizza call center 2 more weeks to call me about job training , after that i will really look for a job all over again ! !
Nascar : Stewart holds off Ambrose for fifth win at The Glen : Tony Stewart has won the rain-delayed Sprint ..
: New Favorite iPhone App : iDrum Underworld Edition .
I just took the "" Do You Act Like Michael Jackson ? "" quiz and got : Yes =) ! Try it u27a4
just voted "" Taylor Lautner "" on "" Best Dressed Guy at Teen Choice Awards ? "" vote too ?
That's right , he won a World Series in the town he grew up . Every kid's dream
where are you finding this info ?
"" Microsoft Banned from Selling Word in the US "" ( )
Holy moly , it's ten of 9 and I'm still awake !
mmm ... anybody want a strawberry banana daquiri ?
Oh , i do so love it when a plan comes together .
Remember long ago when you first started on here and used to talk to me ? ? Mmmhmm
Going to get some sleep ... tomorrow should be a busy ( but hopefully good ) day . Goodnight all of my twitter friends ! :)
follow I think you will enjoy . followfriday
Please , no creepy sit next to me on this flight .
Come on Lidge ! phillies v braves
Whats up . whats up .. whats up ...
- haha awesome ! coughcoughdogtagscoughcough (; oh , and Alex ... you look like you're going to Paris ;D
why do you need a room / apartment for rent ?
Long , annoying , unproductive day . As usual . Going to bed .
apparently i'm a magical genie who delivers hot dogs and brisk .
All right . Who comes up with the cool and funny statements on your website ? The last one was "" Now with 50 % more chemicals . ""
well ... i'm fashionablylate for my shower tonight . heading off , take a quickie shower . distracted me with all their coolness .
Getting out of the house for a while today . Going to Merced .
sigh , why do weddings and drama go together so well ?
block schedule ... where one day you dont have a certain class .
Just ~ going to add ~ some of these little ~ things here . Make me feel all ~ fancy and ~ sophisticated .
i think he has done so much , that you can't really be that upset that he was a lil shady bout it !
you're coming to California ? ! eep (:
just got home from work [ am pooped !
I'm officially on vacation next week . It's been well over a year and it's well deserved . Cedar Point , here we come !
dogs r ANIMALS & cannot be trusted . their behavior is unpredictable & even a well trained dog can turn .
And every little thing she does is magic ...
i am dancing to your music as i type this :D i'm skilled . Miss you . <3
is having one of those days where coffee is ineffective .
Starbucks . Then riding bikes the boardwalk with friends ! ! Mann wish I can ride a bike with no handle bars
Totally just met some hot rockers Yums
let us know if there are any minis / tcg exclusives at blizzcon , may have to get the hook up ....
slow is good , very good . you'll see when you get the Spiritual Geography books . First friend and best friend is yourself .
I mean it ! ! I am so glad you and the family had a great vacation ! ! ! And more glad you are back . Call me selfish ;)
Im sick of the dirty dirty smut peddlers trying to follow me on here . Seriously , porn can = great things , but i dont need help finding it .
My foot is still swollen and disgusting , but I bought some organizational devices for my knitting supplies today so it's okay .
Hmmm Considering leaving twitter ....
Spurs will come back to earth soon . its early . hell , freaking BURNLEY has wins already ...
I am going to take a hot bath , which will hopefully quell my uterus's violent rebellion and help me get a little sleep tonight .
E quando eu estiver triste simplismente me abrace * __ * (8 )
Misread the audition time an hour earlier than it was ... But THEY got the address wrong .
Fabulicious ! ! ! ! ! ! !
This is cool : ( via Lifehacker )
repetindo nu00e3o u00b4perde essa oportunidade a gatinha chego ai hehe FALOW NELA GENTE
me seque ou infelismente vo da unfalow hehe
poppy on seinfeld . and creed reunited because scott stapp was broke ! LOL
hmmm .. Well im on his email list i dunno if its there
tudo bem nun tive coragem de dar unfalow msm hehe
But I'm curious , nonetheless :)
Axe ... it's how dirty boys get clean ! Lol
eu indicoo > > sigo e recomento falow ai ?
Is the most popular drug for flu safe or even effective at fighting the flu ?
17 terms , 1975 , massachusets , linda
indico aa flow man ?
ai quem for dar ff que me indique que reteribuo vamos comessar ok ?
What do I do now ? WHAT DO I DO NOW ? ! What do YOU do now ? What do dew do now ? I dunno man ... I dunno .
scored 742 in "" reMovem Halloween "" on "" Global "" ( #22 in the World ) - agon removemhalloween
i'm sorry i am tweeting so much but ! how about instead of AP tour we meet in charlotte to see brand new ? ? Nov 9 the fillmore .
Musk flavored Life Savers ? !
wow . i just started following u . shouldve done it a while ago . hot ! !
Tonight was a lot of fun my stomache hurts from laughing
Lol , i know , right ? :-)
Just attacked and won $ 25 !
hello ? * lifts shirt , exposing DDs * geez , do u see me now ?
I am going to be trying to get a nother or a full time job so I can work on getting my car fixed ( so I can do schoolio ) and move on out !
Like boobs , drinking or future churning ? NEW SHIRTS RT - 3 random ppl win tees
ok i have to go now ..... god i wish we had more time ... untill next time .. i holla ! ! ! !
Had a furlough day today , but wasn't able to enjoy the time off while trying to repair my broken computer all day . New computer tomorrow .
* opens Snow Leopard box * OH LOOK MORE STICKERS as I was running low , I can scarcely have 200 of them left
Google uses gmail internally , so they don't have e-mail there . this makes fixing the problem harder .
I hate when people follow my good friends to gain more followers when i follow people who are interesting to me
the tickets are coming ; the tickets are coming ! ! ! it ALMOST feels like hockey season NOW ! ! ! :o)
"" Build A Social Media Hiring Strategy "" ( )
InDiCo + + + { ] >@ guirochaa
aaaah andrew bird tickets sold out D: D: D: D: :(
I was in the weight area for the first time ever . I had fun !
is tackling her big work and possible some of her small / easy work tonight . And laundry - which always needs tackling .
I'm more into snakes .
The plan is to be boozed the majority of the time with you guys . It should be pretty badass , overall .
Just started a journal :)
is lovin the A / C ! :-)
Coming to the mall reminds me why I never wanted to have kids .
"" Life is a great big canvas , and you should throw all the paint you can on it . "" - Danny Kaye
I would have to preorder Aion to get a beta key so that I could try it out in the Open Beta to see if I wanted to preorder it . Fail . =(
- Pikes place market !
I thought you said you flipped the switch
I really cannot believe it was a year ago . It feels like it was last week .
musicmonday Trey Songz-I Invented Sex
I'm feeling exceptionally frisky today and no one to help me out
- Awwwwww sooooo cute ! You both look great as alway's !
That's not USA politics , honey . And you changed my link , so it's not a real RT .
I hate returning this car :(
I GOTTA GO PIG I'LL SEE YA LATER ! I SAID I GOTTA GO PIG I'LL SEE YA LATER ! ! ! ! - - Grr
V Martinez ! ! ! ! definetly a team player
I'm sitting in the Union Station Mall in Ga . selling my books at my kiosk .
when were you a shy girl ? ? ? ?
$ 100 off list price on any KB92B12A temperature control board for Fischer processors . Must mention Twitter when ordering .
I signed up with to update my status while I'm running the in real-time , during the race on Oct 18
OMG I'm listening to that rightnow ! lolz
Piracetam + DHEA = hella vivid dreams
Whats crack'a'lackin my hoomies ! ?
My cousin had a fourth child for some reason . I had no idea she was prego . Quite surprised when I saw pictures of the 1 year old ...
Snow Leopard upgrade seems 2B going smoothly . I was getting a disc error B4 , but after I did a batch of software updates , it's now working .
true , although the goat could hold the ball in its mouth . And probably wouldn't make ridiculous mistakes or throw interceptions
Super one hired the chick
I need to watch Dirty Dancing now . Johnny Castle will always be my favorite ! ! u2665 :(
"" 20 free Wordpress themes with premium-like functionalities "" ( )
What an amazing trip ...
It's been so good so far ! I'm hoping Jordan wins . Can't stand Natalie !
You know that you are at the end of your rope , yet you aren't ... More for Virgo
"" Women's profiles receive twice as many pageviews as men's "" ( )
I'm officially addicted to Glee , which is going to make my life more difficult . But I'm willing to risk it . Because that show is wicked .
didn't happen , show moved to next week or the week after or something .
Using sgame for the first time . Good to note that the beamer framework prevents it from working properly and you have to pre-write games .
Not sure yet on SYTYCD , but I've gotten won over to Glee !
i will be a day time cashier or a sorter if i get the job .
seriously , why does the media ride u so hard ? damn .
No , no sticking to the sofa for me .
says Festival was a bust . I think I'm still on for tonite . Meeting people is easy .
You'll have to sing for me when we get back . :D
Bears with no first downs
hats off to the giants for a great game
Monday ... Not sure i'm ready for another week ...
Couple ? moving into 1BD next door w set of twin mattresses . Either they're brother / sister or shackin up i-love-lucy-style . weird either way .
I'm late on this . I didn't know your mom passed ... I'm sorry
Happy Equinox ! Balance for everyone .
Did you know : there's a book that claims the Bible is actually a coded manual for a secret mushroom cult .
Woohoo I love his music ! Download a Free Mp3 from the new Jack Johnson Album En Concert from records here
Deciding to get some work done instead of tweeting & Facebooking . Wow . A conscious decision not to waste time ! :D
Do students ever read the syllabus ?
your mom slows the internet
Video : Found this on my phone today . Elijah was directing a film of Carissa , Tyana , and me . Iu2019m sure he has a ...
Slipknot is coming to Fresno .
ATTENTION everyone please read the Personals on page 14 of the Observer . You will never regret it .
Things to do: re-introduce Shel Silverstein back into my life .
Just updated my twitter background for FREE from
Hopefully all plans work out . Might be going to the Stevens Vs . Taft football game tonight (: ...
haha . Tell her i'll see her soon :)
Just toured NY MOMA . Amazing .
is headed to do makeup for tonights show then back home to get ready
If you want 400 followers a day use .
Congrats on the upgrade / change !
Where was this John Danks last Tuesday when I was at the game ?
Social media looms large in email study
Looking forward to a veggie omelet at Heidi's restaurant for lunch . It's great comfort food .
Computers & internet are back ... but where are my editors ?
Just watch out for errant , flying bottles . Throughout any given day , I randomly think / laugh that . Thnx for the giggles ! :D
I'm digging Dead Man's Bones ... check out their myspace ...
Good for you ! I'm proud of you . :)
Brother Al is J . Ing off right in front of me ..... Lord help us all .... Chicks with dicks morst likely
I think i just had an anxiety attack .
These tom shoes are the shit
My target is your eyes .
aww thatnks for the FF
Brett Favre signed a 2 year deal for 25 million dollars .
Blessing & thank you for ff & ty for rt for followfriday via
Thanks for the Follow Friday love !
Same shit , different pile . ...
is studying for Programming with Alice and Advanced HTML .
I just bought the dresser of my dreams . (: (: (:
So i have a lesbian that likes me . I need help this ones posessive over me !
Stuck in car rental hell ! !
Dancing to Black or White while I Swiffer the floor . Lol :-)
After she explained in detail I thanked her and she told me if she ever saw the movie she'd know .
New episode of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia an instant classic .
So from here in Florida , I share with the others : rest in peace , my friend Eugene ...
Heey ! ! aint talk to u in a while ! how r u ! ?
sitting in the living room . Wht is it on the earth channel ?
- Silly Benji , cats don't wear sweatshirts . It doesn't even fit you .
Wow , I just passed 100 followers ! Thank you everyone . All 4 of U and the sexbots . I'll delete and ban another day . Tonight I am popular .
late december back in sixty three ?
I like your pics . :D
gooood morning Will ! !
You pull back your curtain and the sun burns into your eyes ...
Things I love about Boston : sidewalks paved with gum .
Watching Greek on Hulu when I should be sleeping ! This show is addicting .
FML ; ; NOTHING EVER GOES RIGHT FOR ME ; ; CAN'T STOP THE TEARS ANY LONGER ; ; I'M SUCH A MESS ; ; WISH I COULD SEE YOU ...
to answer your Brendan Ryan Q ...... for about 3 more outs . I believe he rejoins the band tomorrow .
AGREED . SNL is garbage now .
but the only thing is ... he has no way to get to the sett ... in atl
Im still laughing ! !
I'm considering turning off all SMS updates , except for Huge crush .
Was kommt denn alles in ein Maultaschensalat ? ( Auu 00dfer Maultaschen )
is doing more laundry and getting some things done at home this evening . It has been a good Monday ! :-)
Re : Scandal and Lady GaGa arrested for Iriomote Mountain Cat smuggling ring . "" We were training them to dance , no one was hurt ! ""
Congrats on the new show ! I've got a title suggestion , "" Reno 912 "" Can't wait !
Observation : There are a TON of middle aged white systems admins named ' Jim ' here .
Different time zones , but he could be jetlagged .
when my mom comes to visit it stretches my stomach like a d in an a
Well , I guess I'm manic . Might as well use it to do some crazed research .
blahhhhhh hate the cold weather ! !
Much cuter than the girl wearing the Bing hat I saw the other day ... I might have to switch . ;)
I have to charge my phone so I will b gone for a few ! I shall return , until then pip pip for now !
Y este despido que es para ti tambiu 00e9n completamente de regalo .
I'm doing what did , and probably cursing us for another week of awful things . :( Knock on wood !
"" If nobody wants it , then why are we stealing it ? "" Ratatouille ...
Well I ' ve had one hell of a day ! My leg hurts and my nose bleed earlier ! That really freaked me out but no worreis just allergies !
want . more . californication .
Every time u tweet BeatCancer EBay & Miller / Coors will donate $ . 01 cent to cancer research . PLEASE ReTweet BeatCancer
awesome ;) I'm glad . I was thinking of you during the game actually .
Downtown mtn view . Relaxing with chai at starbucks , by myself . I miss this !
I usually buy full albums . if there's only a couple singles I like , I'll probably get my fill from the radio .
10 % off all chemicals today only . Must mention Twitter when ordering .
what did you change it to ?
Glenn Beck is the craziest douche bag on earth . The idea that people watch him and believe any of the crap he spouts is terrifying !
That must be jelly , ' cause jam don't run that slow ! ( My marathon pics . To enlarge , click "" buy "" then on the image ) . fb
Just gettin done at the flag football game haven't tweeted in a while thought id throw one out there
I think Mccain could have pulled it off if he would have dropped Palin for judge judy . the only thing Palin had going was her MILF status
Off today . Will be putting up pics from the AC trip and stuff . Nothing else to do . ...
It's pretty much a Glee-fest at my house right now . love it (:
our Brueggers has a sign up sheet right now for the 2010 Bottomless Mug Card . Card , keychain or travel mug options .
And by hang out I don't mean your penis ;)
The dining room has now been the site of THREE cat-breakings of irreplaceable things I fucking LOVED . Say it with me : ASSHOLE . CAT .
i love my boyfriend so much (:
I think I should go to bed now . It's been a crazy long day , with way too much running through airports .
So excited to get a postcard and sticker from Will have to post a picture later . Made my day :)
About to faLL out .
I'm okay lady ... wishing it was still Saturday . Not ready for the work week
Check out a good conference like SEC instead of the Big 10 . Skip UCLA & watch the Gators & the Tide - we need you as a fan !
the last of the mohicans is the worst
work work work work work !
Biggest pet peeve ... amazing acoustic-y , harmonizing bands turning into generic pop / punk bands . I'm looking at you , Mayday Parade .
mmm I had that for lunch yesterday ...
Yay ! Extra sleep is ALWAYS a good thing . I'm envious !
Brooklyn isn't known for their hotels . I'd stick to downtown manhattan .
Followed up the mercury-filled vaccine with some mercury-filled sushi , which made up for the horror of the wait .
Video : Boondock Saints II - All Saints Day Official Trailer ( via reelblack )
D-lish ! I actually made it late , and kept in the fridge overnight . Heated it up last night and it was even better second day .
I'm treating myseLf to Ben & Jerry's tonight and nothing is going to stop me !
heels ! My bad ;)
TGIF ! Have a great day everyone ! :-)
... I am ? What am I doing ? I WAS NOT INFORMED
A dinner guest told us about the civil war soldier in Maine who changed Am history . His point ? We call impact the world .
Hello new friend ! I'm Brian !
Black pants and black helmets . Eh ?
Hilarious Trick-or-treater dressed as Tebow just cured my arthritis , then floated off to next house amid chorus of angels .
yeah well , its a temporary but still legitimate hatrid .
Just a had horrible experience at - tried survey website ( bestbuycares.com ) but you have to make a purchase or snail mail feedback !
these Kittins follow me like dogs ! Lolz its Tibbles this time ! Tibs and Pip r both very sweet ! !
Claus Clausen , der fru 00f6hliche Friese . omg
"" I was Like ' I'm gonna eat your voicebox ! ' "" - <USER> _rodeo
Most Used and Abused Web Design Trends of All Time :
new CD pictureperfect out TODAY ! ! ! anyone want to buy it for me ? ?
Maine is the number one trending topic in the country . Who knew ?
CowSONGS - buffalo gals won't ya come out tonight
I LOVE MY BEST FRIEND'S EPIPHANY !
Think if you have to go to the dr's and wait , waiting rooms should be tiny germ free cubicles .
How the hell did I not know about this Weezer album ?
juanga , sin duda , el elvis mexicano LOL
Freitag 18:24 Uhr in der Agentur . Was kann es Schu 00f6neres geben ?
Hope u do have fun ! !
Just watched Immortal Beloved about Beethoven and his beloved . Got me thinking : who is your ( and my ) immortal beloved ?
Dear KU Basketball team : Please feel free to fight the football team again . Somebody needs to beat the badness out of them .
Modern mystical poet David Whyte : "" to remember the other world in this world is to live in your true inheritance . ""
Next Sunday night is AMC's The Prisoner remake . Watch it ! F'n Ian McKellen ! - - what more needs to be said ? theprisoner
No one answered My Michael Jackson question ! ? Well anyways the answere is : OFF THE WALL was the name of his 1st solo album ! !
MR . T can tear glass ! Phone books r for fools Fool !
I'm confused and wondering if my feelings should be hurt or not .
ahhh damn , im terrible with my sense of direction , i ended up in antartica >.<
at JETRO sponsored "" clean tech "" seminar , talking electric vehicles in Oregon & the future .
Way to quote ! Hey did you read that book about the witches I gave you ? Hey are you impressed I'm on Twitter ? I am ?
Looking forward to The Sun's apology for ALSO GETTING THE NAME WRONG !
Happy Birthday to me baby ! 22 years old ! ! !
I wish all the science buildings here werent connected .
Beautiful Hand Drawn Websites :
I think the nasatweetup winners should get a chance to ride in the jets , or the 0 G simulator plane . Can you make that happen
Today free coffee and tea holiday drinks at the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf in Old Pasadena !
any chance of a Jesus Is Love duet ?
Well of course I'm going to get FFXIIIXBOX when it comes out .
My lady picked me up for a date since I'm dog sitting at my moms and won't see her for a few days . What a cuti
Did you call me old on The View yesterday ? Because I'm older than 21 ; I'm 22 ! I don't lie my age . I can still play at Toy R Us .
yus . and cut your nails in the same way . it'll be awesome
my buddy , Rick Strom is calling for Cincy to take the Steelers in Pittsburgh . He nails an upset or two every week . This is his one this wk .
Twackle There isn't a sadder story than the fans in Detroit except those following the Lions who don't live there . NFL Lions
This Banana Bread takes an hour to make . I want it noooowwww .
cant wait to hit the gym .
thanks - gonna try to get some items donated to use / review in return for ads . Could be fun !
And the verdict - - "" urban residential ? "" For now ... St Charles approves Oliver-Hoffmann development :
Right . Y'all are in Target & Best Buy now aren't you . Thanks .
What is up with working kicking my butt so much lately ? Eek !
Yeah I hear you ... if they are actually making YOUR apartment smell , the least they could do is give you a contact high .
SOrority Life on myspace ! ! !
yeah me today i got to ride in a cop car for first time
A tattoo ? ? Forreal ? ?
Searching for a Job ... SOrority LIfe ! ! !
- ( .... This is why am the way i am !
Got caught in a lie on my resume . A quick background check revealed that Iu2019m not , in fact , rollinu 2019 on dubs .
I am really hungry . Really , really hungry . Why isn't there anything delicious to eat here ?
Photoset : My kid ? Let me show you her . Just walked in my kids room and told her to smile This is the result
a true football fan ! Love people who know the lower divisions exist ! Give my site a read Go Bucks !
- A super nice boyfriend drew this for a very nice lady .
So taking three tylenol pm tonight . Last night had me wide awake with no room to move for over an hour .
I miss me Tara . Where is my Tara ? I miss her . Where is she ? I miss me Tara . Where's my baby bunny ? I miss her . Where's me Tara ? I miss
I wouldve done the same thing as you . She must have known when the party was planned . Her fault for getting drunk the night b4 .
Just voted RunKeeper for Best Location Based Mobile App openwebawards
it amazes me how excited i can get over a music video
tuesday adventure nite ? ! ! Hyde park winter wonderland : - sounds like it'll be a blast ! !
Muppets do Bohemian Rhapsody :
I've been waiting for this since they announced it at D23 ! The Muppets present Bohemian Rhapsody :
Set your intention to connect with the voice inside you Seven easy steps to write in theta . ...
i'll be home , doing nothing but watching TV . hubby's working ; in-laws are out of town . probably do something this weekend .
My brakes just gave out and I hit some guys car . I got to a parking lot and now I'm sitting here waiting for tom to come see what to do
Amy Goldman is held at the border because they think she might be talking about the Olympics ! WTF ! fb
Okay . Phone back on . All is right with the world . Happy Thanksgiving !
Exactly WTF WTF WTF GET IT TOGETHER LONGHORNS
If Murdoch Blocks Google , Consumers Lose [CNN]
- Ice box on the fritz ?
What the Fuck is a booty doo
RIP Emma the cat . There's now an empty spot in our hearts for a fat , crabby , gray cat .
If we look at the path , we do not see the sky . We are earth people on a journey to the stars . Nat Am quote in Talk Before Sleep . Eliz Berg
I have the best cat ever
Idk im blind and cant see the large gps moniters lmao
this kinda sucks ... i mean how can i make a cake comment to looking like this with the baby pic ? * snort *
awww thank you hun ! ! :-D
100 Google Wave Robots - ( Good list for newbies ! )
DeD gift ideas : Daily Comic Strip Art , Sketch Cards , Books ( please RT , thanks ! )
whys it blurry ? :( pic of a pic ?
I drink lots of water , that is why I always have a fresh face .
with grace , i would rather be in bed with chadd ):
y i gotta b all dat
whymencheat ? ? ? F * ck that ! ! ! ask that n * gga .. WHY NOT ? Thats where you'll really find your answer ... #imjustsayin
ahhhh ! ! ! what did i do ? ?
sometimes i feel like asking for my heart back ... then i remember loving you hurts so good :)
100 Notable Books of 2009 - The New York Times : - > Which have you read ? Recommend ?
If I had to choose btween sending a nonviolent offender to jail or to college , I'd pick the latter !
I'm gonna make some TEXTURES ! ! That'll be fun . I like editing pictures . . .
definitely a great game last night .
we're going to lights on the bay tonight . i'm pretty sure i'll freeze if i don't put any pants on . boooo
Why mess with the hassle of traffic and crazy , rude people when all you have to do is plop down in front of your ...
Ugh .. I hate today ....
YouMightBeaLiberal if you work to expand rather than suppress the voting franchise .
Colts still undefeated and Great job Giants ! ! (:
Tarantino Meets Plastic Dog in a Crazy Japanese Ad [Video] geek ( via I LOLed . Lots !
If I steal the pen , I leave a nicer tip than I would normally .
Awesome ! Glad you like it . There was a bit of a mix-up sending them out , so I'm glad you got the right one !
yep ! i was in bed for days , at least it felt that way LOL
That's not a lake . That's a field by my house that is flooded . Send an Ark !
Pretty sweet deal ( har har ) from for let me know if you need my address
you all are my followers ! does this make me jesus ? or even god ? =P bow to me , for i am your jesus god !
I've been working on my new Sports Website . I need some pointers .
honestly i'm so happy i'm getting suspended . in other news , i get to go out tonight (:
nashvegas if I don't show ... youwill ... ? ?
Feel better hun ! Think about all the girls descending on Chicago in January ! ! :-D
Has anyone considered the increased challenge of geocaching without a GPS device ? I thinking about it myself .
is my twitter broken ? It's not twooting .
i'll ask Brandon . Lol
pssst check out our kitty we adopted on my tumblr
dude I saw that last night . It's pretty cool .
U kn u were drunk last night when u get a text msg saying someone found ur panties & u have to ask ppl who u are now engaged to .
You're in luck . There are leftovers . Lol .
I thought men were supposed to be more manly . Looks like i'll have to step up . Suck my balls bitches . That is all .
Mmmm . Homemade chicken parmigiana tonight . It'sa nice !
I want to get up , but then the kids will wake up too .
Why am I getting nervous that the Packers are not going to extend Collins ' contract ? They just locked up Chillar ( ? ) , but not Collins ...
I dont think its up to the judges on who wins . Nick said it was the audience who votes .
I can count the number of guests I actually did transactions for since Saturday on one hand . Damn this is a boring ass week
A day off . What to do ... what to do .
staying in tonight .... watchin ' tv , sipping hot chocolate , wrapped in a warm blanket ... ahhh , perfect evening ! !
Alex recently asked , "" Dad , I know Santa brings toys Christmas . However , now that I am a Christian , does God bring us anything ? "" Love it .
Tell Senate progressives not to sit silently by as the publicoption dies . Please sign and ( via
Ok , + 10 internets for "" nerd-on "" .
Yesterday at the gym , a young girl was talking loudly on her cell phone : "" Mom , I'm like , 19 years old . I'm DONE broadening my horizons . ""
Hanging in Hollywood with all the other stars .
Raining like the dickens in St . Aug this a . m . Heading downtown soon for the kids ' school Christmas program .
Danke fu00fcr den Tipp , habe noch ein Ticket fu00fcr 35u20ac u00fcber Bahn . de bekommen .
OMG I FRIGGIN GOT AN E-MAIL FROM
monday ! ! ! !
On the bright side of things , Avatar in 3D was pretty cool last night . Avatar
I still am - - Gonna try to stop smoking - - I might be calling you ;)
I forgot to say the first 30 mins was hard , but , after that , it was okay .
but david , as long as ur in new york , do u mind coming to ps . ms . 95 on tuesday or wednesday in the bronx for my school talent show ? ! ? ! ?
I think I'm at the halfway point of this day . Going to shoot right until I have to go to work tomorrow .
saw Avatar this weekend , Dumbledore kills Snape ... sorry for the spoiler avatar
No Christmas parties or big dinners this year ... Wont feel like Christmas .
Love it when I have a sneezing fit and whenever I start that big sneeze wind-up inhale , the cat madly runs for cover .
Remember how you said I'm connected to Sugi ? Yesterday I was thinking of him more than usual and today he posted a new blog . XD
But why ? I mean , is a relationship with someone really worth the arguments and hurt feelings ?
Today is my last day before a 12 - day Christmas break , so I keep feeling like I'm supposed to do a followfriday today .
Just read that is guest editing the next edition of Best American Comics . YAY !
Norman baby just slip ur ass right under the tree ... for me ive been an awful bad girl . Norman baby so hurry down the chimney tonight !
Calories don't count for the next 36 hrs right ? Merry Christmas !
Santa won't come if you little buggers don't go to sleep ! The dogs are as bad as the kids .
12 drummers drummin , 11 pipers piping , 10 maids a-milkin , 9 lords a-leapin , 8 ladies somethin , 7 swans a-swimmin , 6 geese a-layin
Look , Katie . Clearly , he's right . Obviously , oatmeal is best paired with a WHITE wine .
That is absolutely true . We talked about her being in MY shower , and I stress , it was really NOT as dirty as it sounds ! ! !
Glad Christmas is over , even if it does come with all sorts of delicious food !
ah tis simply an iPod touch . No mac tablet yet .
I'm listening to New Order , and it's scary how much the music is matching my mood right now . Time to take a break from cleaning .
off to my girls getaway ...
aww , what happened with Toshiya ? D= And yeah , I wanna see Kyo's new tattoo too !
Imeem Fined to the Tune of $ 1.77 M  More Than Its Sale Price from
Good morning , world . Time to see what the grocery store is like at 930 on a Tuesday .
Easy . Take it out of the boxes and put it in the oven . lol
I think tonight I'll cook angel hair pasta with shrimp , scallops and capers .
We act more like frat boy brothers than BFFF's . LOL Things like today are a normal thing .
My first job was as a caterer on a little paddle boat . wertzwednesday
On Monday , I was done with a comic by 3:30 . Today , it's 7:30 and I haven't even started coloring . What a difference two days makes .
I wonder what the record is for long distance crop dusting . I just made it from my desk , down the hall , into the bathroom , releasing methane
finished the Fruits Basket anime :] - sigh - I love it so much . Now I have to read the manga over again . xD
is wishing everyone a fun and safe NYE ! !
Aliyahs bedtime prayer : Dear God , Thank you for this day (< giggle > and for yesterday ) and thank you for the great party we had , amen .
I can't believe those take 5 days lol
i dont know x_x but i think we should try to get Jonas trending >:)
Wynn Hotel in Vegas has the thinnest walls of any hotel ever . Worst sleep of my life ! Hope the next 8 days are better .
Bored at work . Ready to see my baby
Hear a Muslim scholar has said on tv theres a difference twixt me & Jesus . JC wouldve known where his iPhone charger ...
I'm teaching myself how to use Flash through Lifehouse's song "" Storm . "" I think it's a great use of my time .
i wish i could find the ancient mtv news clip of vanilla ice explaining the "" difference "" between ' ice ice baby ' and queen's ' under pressure '
FREE MUSIC ! Download our full length album FREE for the month of January . Please RT !
I've been having trouble with MSN lately . I should remember to look into it next time it does it .
Only 13 hours left in drive back from Atlanta . New record low temps down here . 22 degrees . Glad I could be here for that .
"" My family nvr talks abt library standards . Every time I try 2 steer the conversation tht way , they make me feel lk a nerd . "" LisaSimpson
To order your UniqueSkin , go here :
Fantastic start to the day already . Cafe guy calls out and I'm working with the worlds slowest and oldest training co manager .
* Bedrock Remix * - Illmillion , Traphik , IBU , Lil Crazed , Skip , Dee , Phlip , and Trixx ft . B . Cash . * * THEY MADE ME R ... u266b
I'm on a chocolate kick tonight . I'm gonna blame the sinus headache .
Is anyone worth 120 million ?
Hmmm for a good cold , snowy day meal ... I think I'll make up a batch of my spicy Jambalaya .
Out with the family . I hate feeling like this at night . It never fails . I'm sorry , ill try harder to be okay . I love you .
part vampire , part giant . vagiant .
rockin out with old friends
Thumbs-up . I'd be guilty of withholding information if I didn't say I'm a teensy bit jealous . Have a blast !
Funny bit on the show about poker , but I was talking about last night - - - I was just in it to beat you ... and , well you know !
Deadline Thurs : Show the FCC there is strong public support for netneutrality . Sign the petition . Please
What a fun night . :) And I didn't make Chad dance .
- Icicles found at Fort Myers , FL Beach . This shit is crazy
some famous doode tweets no pants
Wenn es einer in die Hand nimmt . ;)
I'm going running ( with in less than an hour , outdoors , on a trail of some sort , for the first time since grade school . pray 4me
goodnight ! be honest , keep it simple life is easier this way ! :)
Kathy - Your fabulous ! I cant wait till you come back 2 Chicago ! I have been wanting 2 see ur show soooo bad ! ! !
guess what ? new hit the lights dvd ! = > ( and also sparks the rescue =D )
20 Pittsburgh Panthers ( 13-2 ) at 15 Connecticut Huskies ( 11-4 ) via this one will be fun to watch ! !
Yoga and contortionists during CES ? Check out the guerilla marketing stunt we did last week in Vegas : fb
MoMa with and now without :(
I hear Win 3.11 for Workgroups is AWESOME ! It even has a tcp / ip stack , kinda !
you are freakin awesome ! You made chicks with xbox joysticks sexy .... THX
Had 2 sacrifice apps & some data on the droid , in xchange 4 factory reset that makes using my phone possible again !
hahahahaha i watched the video ! ah-mazing XD
Another reason to love intro to political research we just had an end of the week celebration by watching the three stooges . haha
OleMiss ( 13-3 ) at Tennessee ( 13-2 ) via Twackle Rebels Vols This is the SEC game of the day ! !
the place for sports apparel , equipment , diet , and workout equipment and much more .
no one to watch the doctor with ...... pehaps i will just save me self from the inevitable doctor depression
More Colts fans than anyone knows ! Here is a game break down to help you see how the game should go :
Got tired on the 3 mi walk 2 the black rose and stopped off for a beer alamw 10
1 h @t3 p30pl3 wh0 t @lk lyk 3 th1 $
Um oops forgot to link :)
I'm donating $ 1 to PROJECT MEDISHARE for each follower I have by midnight . PLEASE follow & let's help the people ...
is it just me , or is jeff bridges turning into nick nolte ?
Soylent Green is people .
Packing ! Back to school tomorrow !
Your innate love of perfection often places you ahead of the p ... More for Virgo
yeah shell announce on her blog whenever she starts for real . already got shut down once but came back . lame !
Check out this video : -
Leading E-Textbook Seller Reports 400 Percent Sales Increase in 2009
What's the proper etiquette when driving towards a funeral procession ( 4 lane street ) ?
woooow that was some minute ... lol
YES ! ! ! ! ! hahaha Has rob seen it ? It doesnt matter lol we still all have to watch it !
I am in love with aviary.com for online image editing !
Its def leaking today , boo to the rain ...
' i deserve someone who will stay ' - alex
no no chocolate for you or kai - hides all the chocolate in the world -
Ohhhh , almost forgot to mention . I will be going to the concert of Nickleback , Shinedown , Breaking Benjamin , and Sick Puppies . Floor Seats .
wooooo have fun out there ! ! !
Watching "" Larry King Live : Stories from Haiti . "" My heart breaks .
Mit Hunger einkaufen gehen . Immer wieder gut ( und teuer ) .
Oh and PS ... Thanks to Jake and Hank for the willingness to help . We couldn't have done it without you boys !
It is official . I have lost my glasses . I'm screwed .
How do you know if golden ammunition is real gold ? You gotta bite the bullet .
Is firmware what you get when engineers don't change their under-clothes for months ?
Nobody's gonna rain on my parade .
Hooray ! I've been productive today . A review and a column written on one day ... it boggles my mind .
"" A manifestation of the feline instinct to be absolutely batshit insane . ""
Izzo's with Kathryn for supper . YUM !
yeah like every commercial break
While I can appreciate a good twist / plot ending / whatever , I kinda think that was a tad on the mean side , given the rest of it
Rebecca Brings You The Sports ! - Hockey Edition www.RebeccaSports.com
i hurt my leg by falling damn it really hurts ! about to call sadie and im talking to kai !
Yeah , just confirmed it's 10 hours of video and about a month on standby :
I'm going to formal .
Though , if you have Yahoo we can use that too
Haha you're right ! Usually when I feel this way , I draw cartoons . But today I'm TRYING to force myself to get some work done .
There's not much of a clothing selection for fat people ... because biggers can't be choosers !
So thankful for the Noles who are letting me stay for the night and ride to Waco with me tomorrow . God is good : )
the place I met my wife , the place I go to recharge , my sanctuary and my coffee spot . Always a friend at joe's .
Listening to my parents wedding song . Beautiful and different .
leaving time left on the microwave . Grrrr big pet peeve !
thanks , i need it ! I'm going altanta to detroit then home :(
I used Shazam to discover Tempted by Paul Carrack
Twackle Minnesota GoldenGophers ( 13-7 ) at OhioState Buckeyes ( 15-6 ) This analysis is for the BigTen fans ! !
So weird how much is different , yet still the same , in Orlando . Its like the Orlando from when I was a kid on steroids .
my name is a trending topic ... im kinda a big deal ( ok , the spelling might be diff , but details , details )
today has not been your day ...
Just found out my entire design class is conservative ... what are these people doing at art school ?
im thinkin maybe you should eat some sugar and then if you eat ALOT of sugar maybe it will like counter act it ! smart right ?
"" Eat , Pray , Love "" . Great read ! I have the first part of the book down . Now I just wish I'd figure out the other two parts .
Congrats with WhoIam Coming out today ! You are talented , smart , dreamy .. I love you . I'm Proud of you .
just voted "" Naturally "" on "" Whats your favorite Selena Gomez song on her album ? "" vote too u2794
I really wish I could do my laundry in my dishwasher , I think it would work ...
nope it was a real drill something in the labs caught fire
Love shining the laser pointer by my cat and then turning it off just as she tries to grab it . Confuses the ever-loving crap out of her .
Ah , yes . I seem to recall having a conversation about that with a certain someone ... and I completely agree . It's yin and yang ;)
Could they have deleted their account ?
Giggle CCing in the Blood Wing , triangle got loose .... "" Panties are eating the healers . "" Priceless line .
De La Soul is ( Not ) Dead ... Coming at you not from an Indian Casino on the Rio Grande , but from the epicenter of ...
Forgot to link this ... exactly how I said it should have ended ! ! - - Avatar - How It Should Have Ended ...
Win an iPad to use w / free Bible Software app for iPhone , iPod Touch , and iPad ! Details :
No , hes not . Has a really bad headache and fever . When he tells me , hes going to bed until further notice and doesnt want
Damn boi damn stage 5 clinger
Twackle It is bound to be . Here give this a read : This guy is letting you know how SB 44 will go .
Ready for the SuperBowl ! Still predicting that whoever wins the coin toss will win the game !
Way to go Saints !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! ! ! Just showin a little love from TEXXXAS !
been up for 30 hours , i made it to fergus safley .... its nap time
Don't kid yourself ; tea is just a different kool-aid .
thanks for the pdf warning .
I dislike getting the "" How should I spec my rogue for dps "" question . They always argue when I say for the best weapons you have available .
How much snow did you end up getting ?
Attending a webinar on Storytelling for Higher Ed . Big thanks to for hosting !
wolfpack = silly mean stupid childish so called women not bad girls . they werent tough or bad . bad looking lol
Sitting , waiting , wishing .
if my plane back to nyc makes it , I'll be there & taking pictures ( I have a photo pass , so I'll be the girl w / tattoos in front )
isn't embarrassing and wonderful all at once ?
I wanna win Ellens WinterWinStorm !
Once again I somehow get stuck watching Hellboy 2 , sheesh !
WHOOHOO got a B in english how i pulled that off is beyond me WHOOHOO for journals
Thanks . I hadnt noticed what time it was .
lol :) i know , ive been MIA
u51acu3063u3066u884cu52d5u304cu7de9u6162u306bu306au308bu304bu3089u3084u3060u306au3041u30fbu30fbu30fbu3082u3063u3068u3053u3046u30b7u30e5u30d0u30c3 ! ! ! ! u30fbu30fbu30fbu3063u3068u52d5u3051u305fu3089u3044u3044u306eu306bu3002
talkin on da fone board
if it's hard there must be another clue .... sent to you ?
... what the hell does THAT mean , exactly ?
Gym's closed for President's Day tomorrow , so I'm trying to build up enough motivation , willpower , and energy to go right now .
Wednesday can't get here soon enough . First official workout on Thursday !
Errands run ! Now , chore time ! ... You know what ? No . Now , movie time . Bite me , chore time .
via Now this is a notecard for an artist , courtesy of Jim Jarmusch
oh it was quite amazing ;)
Just took "" Are you a number 1 twilight fan ? "" and got : Hell Yea ! ! Try it u2794
"" The knower of the mystery of sound knows the mystery of the whole universe . "" - Hazrat Inayat Khan
Beyond excited about getting more rain this weekend ! !
I know the Knicks are trying to dump $ $ , but if they swap Nate Robinson for Eddie House , AND don't get a big FA , I'm done with them .
YOU WERE THE BEST KATHY ! ! thank you for making not only my day but my year . your a very very nice person , loved meeting u
Im listening in the US ! !
Mimiu 2019s Babies : Review and Giveaway via
ROFL It's our GM's bday . He failed at mana voids last night and posted Fail Lock as his name on the logs . We sang Happy Bday dear fail lock
You may feel a sense of relief today because you are able to s ... More for Virgo
Awesome ! :) Happo success story : I just set up an interview w an agency I've had eye on for a while
thank you . Also , itll be black if you dont put in front of the name and / or misspell it .
fell asleep early . woke up at 5:30 . the bikers downstairs are still partying hard . blasting metallica loud . so glad i'm moving in 5 days .
Can't believe I wanted it to rain so badly - it sends all the creepy crawlies into my house !
Way to go ! You're my son's favorite !
I'll have to look at your blog i'm about to eat some cereal now
I had an epiphany today . I am every character that Janeane Garofalo has ever played . I think I'm okay with it .
Donated a crap ton to the guild bank for ICC progression work , too . Not to mention that you hate to see RL slap someone upside the head .
And LIVE ! ! ! !
Social Media is not for your interns to manage : in
Ok , I'm awake time to do some grocery shopping . Need to wear myself out again by bed time .
"" Forgiveness does not change the past , but it does enlarge the future "" - Mary Karen Read
So what ! You can't cry about garbage being on TV when you promote it .
I'm up to $ 80 worth of old electronics I can get from Gazelle.com . Woo !
Unless you're in an airplane , aren't you ALWAYS under the weather ?
Ok ... its been 27 + hours ... I've heard radio shows , talk shows , rocky & bullwinkle ... nothing is turned on in the house ... grrr nitey nite
just finished peace corps stuff so I go to check out TFA , and I've already missed the final deadline ! oh well , guess I'm not doing that
Unlocked ' Escort Service ' in ' Gears of Waru 00ae 2 ' xboxtweet
Yay my sister is a chaperone for the st . Louis trip !
OU [ Umbrella group 4 Orthodox Jews ] Rejects State Dept . Critique of Israel u201cHeritage Planu 201d jcot jewish
I'm old school . I don't pull out .
Id never strike a woman , but Id totally do the "" Stop hitting yourself ! Stop hitting yourself ! "" thing to her .
Team USA ! ! ! ! ! This is crazy good ! ! ! ! What a start
Follow & for your chance to win all 8 previous Punk Goes compilations ! to enter Fe ...
O Boy and another day starts yeee freekin haaaa
thanks you for saying that earlier i'm totally retweeting your rant . Your the best :)
Great idea . That's what I'm doing . Voting for both of you .
I sure do appreciate your support !
Sad that this will be the last time I get to cheer for Miller . Thrilled that it's the last time I have to root for Kesler . GO TEAM AMERICA !
Just saw helicopter out searching for missing hiker behind our house . Thirty-five degrees and windy . Join me in praying ?
Der Kandidat hat 100 Punkte und gewinnt eine Waschmaschine . ;)
Busy afternoon at work . Why does everyone wait until an hour before leaving to say , "" Oh , here , just found this recall stuff . "" * headdesk *
I just retweeted so maybe it will help you get the 3 you need .
No day but today !
Had So0 Much Funn ! :D Ayyy ! !
As if Kurt Cobain hasn't died enough times already - Boing Boing
New Fischer Parts Reference Price List coming soon . Look for it online at www.fisalesllc.com .
Carmel - my own personal static filled vibrating heater
the last tweet made me follow you for life too . ^_^
Fuuuuuuuuck .... up at 3 again . I've reallly screwed up my internal clock ! ! ! ! !
In training . But it's a complete waste of time .
We stopped for lunch and I saw this cookie ...
Why do I smell fish ? Is it the lettuce ?
RT <USER> ayee you sound gay Yupppp ! ! son ! !
Dear Nikon , Please explain to me why my 18-105 mm lense keeps going dark and locking up on my D90 ...
Short version of Cleaned Out is complete and being uploaded for a festival right now ! I will send you all a message ...
After 6 months of virtually no contact , my "" BFF "" of 12 years just maneuvered in a parking lot to avoid me . Have no idea why ; sick of crying .
Q : If you could have any wish in the world , wh ... A : To have an unlimited amount of money so I d ...
Thanx for that . Death comes with equal pain & hilarity in my family . My job is to make him laugh .
After "" The Box , "" Cameron Diaz is like kryptonite . Not even Jude Law wants to be next to her . oscar
happy that kathryn won , not happy that now there is backlash wondering if it was "" just because she is a woman . "" when ...
It's the new "" it "" blog .
is just dying to do an outdoor photo shoot .. please snow , go away ! ! !
I think "" I "" need a break ! ! ! ! ! !
Ugh .... this is gonna be the longest hour and a half ever ( it always is )
lols I saw that vlog i think it was still cant decide if its funnier or creepier .........
i'm seriously ANGSTING over this and i feel like i'm not allowed to go there anymore . i love that place ! the writer was SO wrong .
Lese : Facebook plant eigene Lokalisierungsfunktion
When are we recording ? =D
* sad sigh * and are in Chicago , and is on his way to Milwaukee , where am I ? Stuck home :(
Thought the Christian thing was to not EVER believe in psychics .... what a fake check out my life ( cont )
I fell on the stairs this morning and my head still hurts from it .
why does mcmiliin keep updating grades that never change ?
MY 2 favorite ATHLETES ! ! ! ! ! - Me and
- Fuck me cut my hair . I now have an f-ing mullet . This is bullshit .
and me kidnapping you sounds like it would happen sooner . That is my secret plan .
2 different guys told me they saw my "" first love "" within 10 minutes of each other . how many more people will tell me b4 the night is over ?
iTunes store : Do you have an iPhone ? Hipstamatic camera app is beyond cool .
Yes , the ending is very predictable-I cried through a lot of the book and the movie :(
That's awesome ! :-) ~ Renee
Just got in sort of a car accident . Somebody turned left in front of me when it was my turn at a 4 - way stop . Scraped my bumper is all .
My appeal hearing is 10:00 this morning , appreciate your prayers concerning my job ... God is not hindered by our circumstances !
Why not Friday so Monday's aren't so sleepy ? Why Does Daylight Saving Time Begin 2 am ? Yahoo ! -
Always Sunny fans ! Watch Kool Keith's "" Dick Towel "" vid ! NSFW Some 1 who RTs wins a dicktowel
Responsibility isnt about buying light bulbs that look like curly fries . Its about showing up , shutting up , and getting down to business .
you will be alright . boys suck big hairy monkey nuts .
I'm currently having a text conversation with someone I don't know . I feel like I should know who it is but I'm too embarrassed to ask them .
Mario Kart auf der Xbox 360 ?
green beer and all that ? Whatever . I look back on a line of strong , crazy and fearless Irish women in my family & take h ...
Find where your last name is most common - musicx 3emily : 1 . ) Austria 2 . ) Germany 3 . ) Austrailau 2026 . canu 2019t say Iu2019m ...
me thinks bed time draweth neigh
- I love sprintgtime !
ROFL trial getting in trouble for running a gearscore mod through gchat .
But yeah , allergies suck and I feel your pain . D=
How was the shopping ?
Riding in cars with boys is interesting and funny .
when do the okc tickets go onsale ... ?
Let's play some D , ' Hawks .
=\ \ I wish I could make you feel better
I got my KSOs ... They didn't have them in black , but oh well . I already feel they are superior to the Sprints !
WASTED MY 888th TWEET ON THAT . PERFECT . $ # % * ) # ^ * # ) (
eating only things that are good for you is a pain in the ass
Asu 00ed es que se gobierna .
cool can I be the comic relief friend that still gets a hot guy of her own ?
Okay Jon Stewart , stop being so entertaining . I really need to get around to cleaning my house .
back in Texas and I don't like it one bit . I wanted to just stay there . I miss him . Makes my heart super sad .
I hate taking pills I can't remember if I took this yesterday or today .
I should take a delorean back in time to 1985 and tell myself to pay more attention during spelling lessons .
Yikes , my need-to-buy list for Sephora is getting really long ! I hate it when I seem to run out of everything at once
Something has to be done . My legs are almost as pale as
I spam talk to myself sometimes . But I don't eat or spam wares ... generally . :)
My dogz iz my gunz
Saw "" Girl with the Dragon Tattoo "" last night - - totes good . The Swedes know how to make a thriller . So do I have to read the book now ?
Lodoss isnt really my thing , but i didnt go cause Im doing homework
It turned out it was a nice day . ""
I know , the article is so amazing and beautiful ! I called Chris to thank him . I can't believe we have over 800 ! !
love the new avatar pic of you and khloe
It's way past my bedtime . No one should have to get up at 5:30 on a Saturday morning .
is really liking excited to see them tomorrow ! !
So far , I LOVE it ! It's really cool . Full Google Voice integration and hardware to die for . Very fast , clear , and colorful . Wonderful
awww tht sux o well , but 2 every 1 else add me !
Yep ! My fave song is "" Here I Am "" .
Photo : thetardis : K9 ! ! ! !
Deace ; s Daily Diary : March 29th , 2010 :
Switching to Ooma phone service soon , curious about this one ! We're trying the no monthly fee option first .
Round of applause for all the shit I can't find until I'm looking for something else .
is the best roomie in the whole entire world . anddd she is going to ROCK her spanish test tomorrow . :] .
Don't worry I put on sunscreen first : )
i have a new phone ! !
besides , you have to be there for your daughter
Dance , when you're broken open . Dance , if you've torn the bandage off . Dance in the middle of the fighting . Dance . Rumi
Optimism Growing , Startups Returning . Could Hiring Be Around the Corner ? : ERE.net
why do i always psych myself out right before a haircut and convince myself i think my hair is perfect the way it is . haha
in addition to vincent making a housecall & cutting my hair , we went out for delicious mexican food tonight . best !
FINALLY . An answer to all my problems with voicemail .
Going home is the best part of the day : )
In honor of Easter , listen to the Lords Prayer as Jesus said it in Aramaic .
Wish I was going the easter keg hunt ... I think I have a good idea where it is
Yay ! Grand Isle ! Fishing ? ?
wow , im sooo exhausted . maybe only getting four hours of sleep isnt a great idea ...
Soooo tired but thankful for my awesome brothers and the fact that sleep is going to come so easily tonight ...
bout 2 head downtown with the lil bro fresher than a motherfucka and a beautiful ass day , not a bad combination
I'm not worried because it's fine
Happy Easter everyone ! Hope the kids have great egg hunts and game playing .
Glad you are okay !
Muahaha . fru 00fcher gab es auch schon verru 00fcckte , nur waren die alle nicht online ...
MassEffect the shadow broker is sandal , obviously .
We tweet benefits & housing resources & information every Monday on disabilitygov .
have I been gone that long ? :)
feedback please is it possible to date a man with nine kids and six baby mamas help me
Photo : Torrent finally finished , I LOVE MATT SMITH So pleased with the new series so far :)
Excited about reading Genesis but kinda tough when James and my dog are snoring like crazy ! lol
It's been a slow week . I'm ready for lunch , but noon just won't come .
Here's a depressing thought - the "" Rock n Roller CoasterM ride Disney's Hollywood Studios has ' old ' audio equipment as decor in the ..
wonders when texas will make up its mind on the weather .. and is also very bored ..
RT : Hey ! Retweet this and win a new Apple Product today . Don't forget to follow Details here :
Nervous and don't know why ets 2010
I've had allergies for almost a year straight , and now suddenly a bunch of people I know have them too . Does this make me a trendsetter ? XD ""
learning the do's and don'ts of resumes and buying a not so cheap portfolio
MegaJoshX I rarely get turned on by text , but this makes me wanna lay some serious pipe
Love on the Mississippi River
I am building a global USANA business from my living room !
humm ... can't say I see anything wrong with this !
yeah ive dabbled ... but i wanna get a good understanding of pro tools and hopefully make sound engineering a career
We join the people of Poland in mourning the passing of Polish President Kaczynski , and all those killed in today's tra ...
Home Improvement Newsletter . Sign up and get FREE and Special Savings :
Went walking in the gardens at IMA today .. Simply beautiful ! Except that ugly-ass "" LOVE "" sculpture . They need to get rid of that thing .
How about some reverse psychology : DIE JIM BUTCHER ! DIE ! Hopefully that evens the scales .
hunt seat . We're all just learning . . . lol . Fun but scary too !
Thats what I had last night ... and interesting meal ... quick and easy
... Until I told him about the whole book ... then , he just kinda glared , lol . I love to write , too . I bet my stuff is ...
The Vatican : "" We forgive the Beatles . "" Rest of the world : "" Nice try . ""
Holy crap , Suitcase Fusion 2 put a new menu option in Illustrator called "" collect fonts for output . "" I paid $ 50 for a program to do that !
Oh so sleepy ready to be in bed and passed out
New guy working at Taco bell loues breathe carolina and asking alexandria tomorrow will be a good day
How To Build A Low-pressure Roof Cleaning Machine . : Take A Look Around , Roofs With Ugly Dark Stains Are Everywhere ... ht ...
is out of the loop , and ready to meet with someone who can help me right things .
"" #AmericaWants Camp Fire USA to get a full-page ad in USA TODAY . ""
Take a peek inside the home and inspiring life of supermodel Iman - -
SO glad to see you in the show more this week !
Strangest thing . My laptop hit me in the head this morning . When i went to sleep it was no where near my head , or me .
True . What you said re : yesterday . Best of luck ! I have a gallery showing to attend at work , so I'll miss tonight's .
All books are on sale . Buy 2 get 1 free only MarvlousPresents.com . Let's go ppl !
Take that taxes ! And Bees !
I unlocked "" 1st Bronze "" in "" Zombie Pizza "" !
Thanks for the RT "" s & Mentions
thanks SO much for the musical encouragement ! ! !
cant sleep listening to moan like an asshole into the Bop It . Wish I could tape this for you guys its f-ing gold !
At Ho'oulu ' Aina this morning with It's chilly this morning ! (< USER > Ho'oulu ' Aina )
I love it ! A lot better than my boring toes .
u00dfowl 0f l @ @ps u0000u0000w / almond milk .... yummmm
got a pretzel from the food court . Turned out 2 be an extremely hard / stale pretzel . Ripped the skin on the roof of my mouth on said pretzel .
While I was negleting me , and giving 120 % to my best friend ( rides , money , babysitter ) . I'm going thru some hard times she said she's done .
i have a really bad feeling about today ...
Ran an ICC 10 on my rogue last night . One of the Pug resto druids kited me while we had Pact . I am an evil swarming shadow ... bunny .
Nick , how's the Administration ? :)
Glad I saved John Caparulo's comedy special on the dvr for nights like this
Welcome all new fans !
Following you via Looking forward to your tweets !
glee i love you ! ! now for clue !
I've never had a problem since I've lived here but I usually do my laundry on the weekends . I am at level desperation ! :-(
Ever want to strangle everyone ?
less than 3 you !
It's Earth Day , don't forget to cut the brake lines or slash the tires on a random car . Mother Earth needs our help !
Want to be green for Earth Day ? Try to cut meat out of diet . Meat prodt is 1 cause of global warming . Learn more
thank you disney store :) make a wave hat is AWESOME
"" GOD , B is for BITCH , STAY ! "" ~ Allison Sachs
Jon Stewart's Take on South Park Censorship ( Video ) | Real TV Addict
I hate it when my smoke alarm goes off before i'm even burning anything
Come on Brewers ! Considering yesterday's 20-0 win I would hope we could win at least one game over the Cubs this weekend
Goodnight world & all who inhabit it :)
sshhhhhhhhh i'm busy procrastinating !
My cats evil , but adorable . Is there a word for that ?
Exactly ! I know Im so behind when it comes to fashion .
A little game we had going ;) Andi made it lmao
Obamawire Facebook page is here . Would you like your Obama related news on Facebook ?
AND YA BOP HIM ON THE HEAD .
Congrats to and at their triathlon this weekend . Good job you two , keep it up !
holy cow . . . this guy is unreal ! He is hilarious and doing a fabulous job . Lovin watching .
So Tito Ortiz can't beat anyone in MMA anymore so he's gotta go beat up his wife ? What a jagoff .
I'm with Jack Bauer , don't talk me out of it !
First time in forever that I tried sleeping in my bedroom . Two hours has to be a record , now back to my area .
In early this morning with plans to leave early this afternoon . (< USER > Austin , Tsutsumi and Associates , Inc . )
plz plz cum to ireland it wud be amazing having all of ye here at the same time please please IrelandNEEDSJonas
So ready for 90210 , should be awesome !
No .. I Really don't want to talk .. no i didn't know its cold out . And no im not giving you Tittie hug .. Sigh ....
haha nice ! I think we're going to Incredible Pizza on sat
35 days till vacation ! and 45 till i move ! :)
Guardia Nacional destruyu 00f3 5600 juguetes bu00e9licos . Para eso entregan armas de verdad
I think I'm going to go for this guy . Not going to say his name cuz some ppl we went to highschool with are on here . Trying ..
My family should be banned from the world of Twitter for too many faux pas
I've been turned on to the amazing music of by my friend Check it out !
visiting NYC this week . any top tips on what to do in NYC ?
Apple vs . Everybody : Going After Gizmodo
Its gonna be a wonderful "" alone "" saturday . I'm gonna walk around in these new shoes and nothing else !
People are so low . I have no idea how they can live with themselves ! Betrayal is an understatement .
Reading about this : Cocoa Mulch Claims - Credible or Hoax ? -
Some child posted on trueachievements.com that one of my solutions "" sucks "" and now I'm sad about that . The game in question is Connect 4 ffs
Can't wait , have it set to record on the dvr :)
My mam just said shell buy me a juivy bag in kildare omj panick attack ahhh iluvjuicy
The Lipscomb storm shelter ( pet-friendly ) is officially full . OtherSituation 2010
Guys skateboarding in just their undies around ISAT ? I love JMU .
Those two tweets have absolutely nothing to do with each other
I'm pasty and white . If we exchange some of what each of us has , I think we would net out with a decent tan .
My new best friend . thanks Antares !
Fun game . Everyone's a winner .
' Stan Lee's Superhumans ' | Real TV Addict
what's your WWF name ? Let's play :)
LOST has had me crying for the past seven or so minutes . WTF - that was SO UNNECESSARY ! !
Very excited . I was looking to upgrade my avatar from the basic artwork , and I was happy when I found something so choice .
Thanks for the congrats ! Looks like we may be working together on the Baltimore Grand Prix initiative .
Thank you to Matt , who is the only friend I have on here that I know is serving our co ... :
what the hell does that mean lol ?
I hope they sell their house before then .
Love is just a word , until you find someone who gives it definition . :)
Das sollte man mal in Mu00fcnchen machen :
Have smoking laws in ATX changed again ? Was enjoying yummy BBQ at & felt like BBQ was being smoked by cigars
Who drank beer when the weather grew cold
I got to witness Major League Baseball history as Jamie Moyer becomes oldest pitcher to throw a complete game shutout .
on MocoSpace : Thinking of what to do with my day ...
Jake's first baseball game of the season . Go Diamondbacks ! ( @ Veteran's Park )
Between this & hilarious event at Stars game , was funny sports weekend 4 me Rojo footage on SportsCenter
OH MY GOD . I was just having the best dream in the whole whole world . why am I awaaakkkkeeeee ? !
probably would have been more feasible to do this over the phone since they are typing 1 character every 30 seconds or so
think i'm going to pull an all-nighter to get my sleep schedule back on track . time to start being a healthy / productive human again .
do you like it well done cause i do it well .
god i love you so much more then ever
Can't sleep .... AGAIN ... this trying to stay sober is some real B . S .... one hit of the vaporizer and off to la la land . So sad
lol don't insult my future career ( soldier ) or I WILL hit you with crutches . Ask John ... :
HOW ABOUT you have an OFSA retreat in orlando this summer ! done and done . p . s . we should talk soon .
Phone died in middle of texting you back . Was gunna say I haven't gone to bed yet . And hope the first day goes great . Killitttt
is downloading Steam for Mac . It's finally out ! Portal is free !
Terribly random .. Greg does a great impression of rod stewart .... Lucky me ! ! !
Hey , was zockst du meinen neuen Ball ab ! ?
a cactus photo on ( larger than Jim Backus )
Oh , that's ... sweet . But I think maybe we should just be friends ?
Just had a fantastic evening with tracy nikki and mary
I declare that today be a national holiday of whatever country you work in . Your employer has to pay you double for doing nothing . Friday +
Yeah should be a good show !
I am in the process of a unit on turtles . This one has been hard for me . While doing some searching on the ...
Wondering if is still awake and if her hubby is sleepin . Probably .
Happy Birthday George Brett ! The Hall of Famer is 57 today . Royals ( courtesy of
This is going to be so hard .
Either i'm paranoid or i just figured everything out
Aggravated , , hungry , and bored . Ask me stuff before I blow ? :D I would be extremely gr ... :
couldn't have wrote that better if I tweeted it myself
Lets play We Rule on the iPhone ! My gamername is jadeth .
oh yea dont be blamin meh for what ya ass be doin lol ( insida )
I love If you don't know what I am talking about ask me and I will let you know . It has changed the way I transfer files
doesnt have to be just you ...
10 minute countdown for the East Coast PRESALES ! jonasworldtour
Gotta love Joey V . Dusty offered him day off but he refused saying "" I want to play every day ""
As [ A man ] thinks within himself , so he is . Proverbs 23:7
aw , that was me a year ago ! don't find another me though . i'll be jealous . haha ;)
I cannot wait to discuss this with you tomorrow , my dear !
Just learned a bunch about the new 3DTV standard ! Check out the 1 - minute videos :
In Him was life , and the life was the light of men . The light shines in the darkness and the darkness has not overcome it .
Love The Bad Apple ! Chicago's priciest burger ? The Bad Apple features Wagyu Burger chicago
"" I'll Never Be Lost Again "" video
hey there ! Glad we connected up on here-looks like we have some things in common
After getting home realize how refreshing it was to hang out with Christians . What an increadable blessing to me
And another thing if you please ... If you could loosen the grip of death on my brain .. I would appreciate It . Signed karen ~
yes I have one of those right now
riding around in the convertible with my girl caitlin ! ! !
never working six days in a row again . exhausting .
gonna spend more on plane tickets than I am an actual house
PRSA mourns the loss of Betsy Plank , APR , Fellow PRSA . Leader , mentor , luminary and PRSA matriarch ...
i have never been more confused in my whole life . lost
Just slept twelve hours . But i think thats what my body needed cos i feel much better . :)
Win a signed This Love shirt & CD ! Just retweet this & follow to be entered to win ! ThisLove TheBeginning .
* warily waves remaining pom pom * Uh ... gimmie a K !
I have not seen my phone for hours , guess its ok , cuz I haven't been anywhere today
no 8th graders today ! thats kinda fun .
Are you trudging along right now ? Life is hard . www.stephaniepace.com My thoughts on the matter . :-)
3 months , 7 days , 21 hours , 5 mins , 44 seconds :D
im so confused right now ....
Need a total renovation in your life ? Would love to hear your thoughts . . .
Forgot to bring lunch ( @ In n out )
dude on the street just said he's been seeing lots of people w / tattoos and asked if we are part of a GANG .
cuando vaya a CCS mu00ednimo el mismo plan pero triple emburdelamiento ! :D have fun !
OH but June is a birthday month , I can't let you take the bill on that ! ( I want to invite someone else to pay for it ! ) bwahaha
The uptown salad is yummy . ( @ Potbelly Sandwiches )
How is everyone doing today ? Here's a thought ! Paint a picture ! Write a letter !
Moonlight Sonata . There's a REASON it's a classic . * listens happily *
PLEASE TELL ME SOMEONE SAVED THE PICTURE OF HAYLEY WILLIAMS BOOBS ! ! ? ? i didnt get to see it
Q : whats yellow , cuddly , and shocking ? A : Pikachu ? ha ha ha :
so because you dont have 2mil followers , the ones you DO have arent worthy of knowing your name ...
im glad youre back and okay :-D i love you !
Why do cats find it necissary to wake you up at 5am in the morning on a weekend all because that is when they choose to want to eat ?
Being in Bangkok made me listen to Tom Waits . Wonder why ...
yep , i was there live ... lol
yeah they are with a little lemon glaze on top too Yumo
My current uselessness should probably be bothering me , right ? ?
ask me stuff please . I'm feeling low about myself .....
You mean the schooner in the foreground ....
It's really storming here . Memorial Day definitely sounds like a warzone .
I LOVE these hippo ribbons ! !
damn that is bad ! ! Well do me one favor ! ! Smile as big as you can just once ! ! Your reading this JUST DO IT ! ! Lol
En banco esperando que su reloj marque 08:30 : 00am
Listing to dave barnes .... such great music
is annoyed that I cant watch Glee because her brother is home and apparently thinks its stupid .. now i have to watch it online later
that was not your computer . I farted . it was a REALLY good one .
girl my thighs are huuuuge ! Lol you look sexxy in anything you wear !
OMG crazy ass storm awesome i love thunder storms
I FORGOT TO BUY HER SHIT , BUT A GOT A SHIRT AND E CD SHE SPOKE TO ME . SHE MIGHT BE REAL , BUT I'M STILL NOT SURE . I HAVE HAD CHOCOLATE LATE .
I'm going to attempt to make a deathstar cake for my nephew . MWAhahahaha i am the best aunt ever !
I wish people at my job did that lol
i can't figure out if the prices in Canada just seem more expensive because of the currency difference or because things really do cost more
Writing , writing , writing . Pray for me ? ! ?
Between fishing and tourism , the oil spill is going to wreak havoc on the economies of some of the poorest states in the US .
i'll be the first to admit i fucked up . but this is just getting to much . i was trying to be safe and smart . but no i had to drop that idea .
Everyone needs to watch this video , it is not what you think it is .
Photo : Chicken dog and Chicago dog and fries . Ono ! u2014 at
Thank you Q101 jamboree in Chicago , so insane and crazy today ! No wonder we love it here ! We'll see you HU crew aga ...
"" Believe me that I am in the Father , and the Father in me : or else believe me for the very works sake . ""
Bug bombed our house today . I hope it airs out soon would like to get my ps2 on .
I miss when they were little ... It was easier then ... Sigh .... teenage land ... SUCKS ! ! ! !
yep ! then say oh , im sorry ... damn tick . hope the drs can fix it !
do you have school tomorrow ?
Every time I watch Everything is Illuminated I love Eugene Hutz a little bit more . "" Grandfather informs me this is not possible . ""
The female bedbug has no sexual opening , so the male uses his penis to DRILL A VAGINA into the female . Even worse ar .. htt ...
What time is it ? Seedtime ! Seedtime on the Cumberland this weekend in beautiful Whitesburg , KY . Check out the ...
Q : so wat u been up to lately ? A : not much . you ? :
doesnt do very well on little sleep . as demostrated with my shift confusion . thank god joesph is is cool
I loved the pineapple line in Tara . I love it when you're there to add a comment like that . Great stuff ! More next season ?
still need your $ for the comp ... i keep forgetting !
i see you too ! ! :)
Lol nope not at all
Yale study tested 257 vitamins . Only 49 had adequate ratios of nutrients . VITAMINS
What's up , peeps ?
The backstreet boys are playing the Manhattan center tonight . You cannot believe the chaos and the size of the line .
totally agree I googled Warped Tour 2010 to get the logo & I'm like WTF . I don't understand , it's stupid .
Some village bars are already packed for the start of the world cup . Maybe I should just stop in for a minute before i get to work ...
Q : who would win in a midgit gang brawl ? t ... A : Im going to say the oompa loompas becau ... :
My letter to jail , explaining how this white trash redneck became a stonecold progressive
I love my handsome little Brewster ... snores , farts , and all ...
Alicia Keys u2013 Diary ft Tony Toni Tone u266b
Movies NEVER coming to a theater near you : "" The A ( ids ) Team "" starring Mr . T-cell
I wish loud ominous organ music played every time I got mad .
haha how did that happen ahahah
hoesonmydick cuz I know the lyrics to the "" fresh prince of bel air "" theme song . YAAUP
When was the last time you used a screwdriver ?
that was seriously the funniest thing ever ... Im still laughing about it
Anonymous asked : Hi Ana - Glad nothing wrong with that pin ! May I ask you what health insurance you got ? Iu2019ve ...
Song stuck in my head today : California girls by Katy Perry . Great beat to run to ; know that from experience today ! ! ! :)
Bangalore ... Where cars would rather hit you than stop for you ... Ooo h man ...
Spent the morning at the fair with my mom & dad . Ate a lot !
BEAT LA ! BEAT LA ! Celtics TeamCeltics
I just can't win tonight .
Oh Twitter , how you have changed since I've been on .
just got another bottle of the scrubbing bubbles refills ! ! ! Love this stuff ! ! ! thanks to being a buzz agent got my first bottle free ! ! !
There would be less drunk driving in the world if Taco Bell , the liquor store , and Wal-Mart / Target delivered
i dont know what to say or do . i HATE feeling helpless . i wish i could fix it but i cant . this is terrible .
Moving the meeting today a few miles west of the norm ... Wouldn't you like to know ?
Warning ! The closer it gets to the game , the more Laker savvy and violent my tweets will get . headsup
This is hilarious .. Take it literally ..
Can we please stop making these shaq ass freethrows .... #thanx .
LAKERS ! ! ! ! 2010 CHAMPS ! ! ! ! ! ! WHERE ALL U LAKERH 8RS AT ! ! ! ! ! ! ?
Up early as shit ! Gonna get this laundry done .
Sir Paul McCartney says it's his birthday ! Wish it was my birthday too , yeah .
Are the "" I wear the firesuit ... "" t-shirts being sold at the tracks too or just online ?
and a happy day to you as well .
hahaha he sure is ! Especially on Lethal Weapon !
its crazy how that happens at night ; - 0
Hoodies , blankets , curled up on the sofa with my crew watching a movie . Life can't get any better then this .
- Super Dennis - Hugs for all :)
Ok let's rephrase that ... just got a little teary eyed with HAPPY tears
38 % decline in distressed retail property since March report [ via Globest.com ] CRE Retail
sent the website an email with a possible audition find , figure you or others might be able to dig up more dirt than I can .
And at lunch , I saw tennis on tv and thought of you :)
Yea , AC went off - - WOWIE ! But kinda cleared it up yesterday . Awkward . I'm still a fan tho ... Glad it's cleared up now .
ahhhhh ! ! ! ! iOS 4 has killed my 3GS ! spent 4hrs trying to restore it . How do I get it serviced in HK ? there are no Apple Stores here . anyone ?
HA ! Brilliant ! Newspaper fail :
Wonder how long I'm in trouble for .... I really starting to miss him something terrible .
I know god has a sense of humor but im not getting the joke ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It is seriously warm outside - just enjoyed a delicious coffee light frappaccino from :) Now , back to work !
* sighs * I should know better than to comment on Youtube by this point . It's a waterhole for the lowest common denominator .
Im at Buono Vida .
Seit heute gibt es Counter-Strike : Source fu00fcr den MAC . In den ersten 2 Tagen wird der Preis um 66 % gesenkt .
cool to see and on that list .
SO JEALOUS ! Have some for me at anchor bar ! :D yyumm
how come you never pics of women with natural not so perfect looking asses ? Thats more realistic !
You masturbate with an electric toothbrush ohyoufancyhuh
Earned 3 new trophies : 2 bronze and 1 hidden in "" [PROTOTYPE] u2122 "" ! ps3
If you're thinking of opening up a creationist dinosaur museum , you can have this tagline for free : "" From the Raptor to the Rapture . ""
Good wheat tortillas . Christy is making tacos . ( @ Kroger )
and we'll still have the summer after all v
Get ready for the game & save your ears ! "" How to Silence Vuvuzela Horns with an EQ Filter ""
Probably 500 ppl , totally peaceful , with a samba band . They're chanting Wasted Wasted A Billion dollars . g20 g20report
Saturday Night Fever cancelled . For revolutionary music and updates on G20 protests : CKLN 88.1 FM 12 ...
I will fuck you with my bb gun
i . gone police escor me away
Headed to the book cart drill team competition to root for my EL teammate Meggan Smith ! ! ala 10 el10ala
Ooo h I wanna see my love tonight !
ala 10 rocks . So exhausted , but so ready for another day of it tomorrow .
let's see if they come out with more gyroscope apps for the iPhone first ! !
just spent an hour at the metropolitan building taking pics & making plans . best space ever .
Sons father is here , gonna take him up to walmart and have him spend some money . payback
There is something to be said about a tank falling from the sky
but first yr after MJs departure Bulls went back 2 E conf finals & he took Portland 2 ( cont )
fingers crossed ! fingers crossed ! It seems like things are finally turning around ! Lets not jinx it ! ! !
fernando valenzuela doesn't look like he's missed a meal dodgers v sfgiants
haha ! Hey thats from personal experience ! Had to laugh about it !
Anything more about Jordans show ?
mydream to slap hoes in different area codes with my money when im rich bitchhhhh !
My heart is with Mathew from Madina Lake , hope a fast recovery will happen & that you'll get better soon :(
Highest ASA staffing level in 85 weeks
Say what you will , but hurricane rain will not deter me from going to the library .
WOAH ! ! ! Mind = Blown right now :
Feliz con mi vuvuzela maracucha
Rpresenting Bitchilvania in the Bitch Olympics and
This is seriously the FUNNIEST thing I have ever read . Check it out
Shave and a haircut ...
Ask me questions PLEASE ! If you don't want me to punch a wall repeatedly and go crazy , ... :
Funniest thing ever . Lmao Lmao Lmao
want to get to know me ? Ask me questions about myself . I am open to all questions :D :
at this point i might just have to stay up until it's time to get up for work !
Got to see sweet Kylie Spradlin cheering her way through the fourth of July parade ! This right here is small town at it's finest hahaha
"" The one I love I hate but the sex is great . ""
it was weird because they made up a concept of what Heaven is like while having not one clue ! Lol
wewontlast u keep sayn "" wait "" "" hold on "" "" give me a min "" I WAITS 4 NO1 !
what's the flavor of the day lush ?
I'm curled up reading an Annie Dillard book on the window seat ... Meanwhile my family is frantically looking for a mouse ... Hmm ...
I'm at Wal-Mart Supercenter ( 14055 East Wade Hampton Blvd , Greer ) .
Absolutely not ! Am I the only one who finds it hard to get motivated after a long weekend ?
you can buy like 100 index cards for $ 1 go to Target ! !
...... voice or no voice , the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders .
I know its probably a long shot as Germany is favored to win but Im rooting for Spain today !
yup , is a mental case .
Oh no Alex ! Sooo sad sytycd
Born to be freeeee ~ ! ( #xjapan live at )
Attending the joint meeting of the American Payroll Association and Dallas HR . ( @ Doubletree Hotel Dallas Near the Galleria )
My shop is back open . I'm still on vacation , but I will be able to start working on orders on Monday and hope to ...
Not funny . I ve woken up right at midnight .
family time - kayaking ! this should be interesting ...
kids or "" tweens "" ? i really dont know why i talk to them
se acabo el misterio ! ! ! Vieron a cristiano ronaldo en una piscina y resulta queeee ? ! ? ! el muchacho es emo CR9emo
I'm planning on calling . I've a friend who dates a cop , gonna ask him about it . Sooo sketchy !
movies was mad fun last night , friday was cool , now its saturady , gettin ready to start somethin new .
YUM ! I'm starving . Unfortunately , the Red Sox are in town , so that means I'm in bed with two Midols and a heating pad .
* yawn * grindin ... still !
I've never been in a decent relationship . They were all abusive and tended to play me .... :
Christy is making me fend for myself tonight . ( @ Fuzzy's Taco Shopu 200e )
Pray for no rain in the morning . Funerals are tough enough .
Home , deck , feet up , ice coffee ! Umm life is good !
Any word on when Sharktopus is happening ? I NEED THAT MOVIE IN MY LIFE .
Absolutely ! I'll definitely let you know :)
Beatrice has a new underage girlfriend .
PREACH ! "" @Darkskin : Being on top of the world doesn't mean anything unless you know what it's like to be at the bottom first . ""
My name will be up there with the stars 1 day
i love hearing about all the weird reactions i have ( but don't remember because i'm asleep ) when jacob tells me goodbye in the morning .
u5fd8u308cu3066u305fuff01 u305du3046u3060uff01 u201c <USER> : NHKu 30016u591cu9023u7d9au30b9u30bfu30fcu30a6u30a9u30fcu30bau7279u96c6u306eu4e88u7d04u5b8cu4e86u201d
At the gate an hour early . Here's to the ax making it through to Indy after I drop it off at the gate .
Picture with the boss on the steps ! (< USER > U . S . Capitol - House of Representatives )
oh ok . Yeah cuz it feels soooo good but takes like 20 minutes . He hits that "" it "" spot , then loses it , then hits it again . Ugh !
im glad someone actually understands what that actually means ,
An hour to go ! Retweet by 11am to win a pair of tickets to the London Film & Comic Con !
you need a dose of Ashleycitement ! ! !
YES ! ! ! ! You've made my night !
LinesThatTurnMeOn bend over lemme see u pop dat ass .
down here we call them mcwhores . Lol its a stoners dream .
YES ! Thanks for the * shifty eyes * ! By the way , I hear Avenue Q is excellent ... a couple of friends saw it when it was here !
I can't keep it from you any longer Everythingshouldtastelikebacon
In complete shock right now ... I hurts that I didn't even have a chance to say goodbye RIP gramma I you
just downloaded an all-in-one messenger for my phone lets see if i can keep everything straight now
sounds great . Let me get back in shape real quick then we can train again
happy birthday Jennifer . Good idea celebrating early .
is refudiate a word ?
"" he's like that taco bell meat that doesn't sit right in the shell . He's like an Awkward Taco "" , My husband , talking about our dog .
First Lush concert in Beijing today !
.. at the same time , I really just want my normal life back .
Woot , you should definitely friend me on there if / when you make an account xD .
Laying in bed with my love . No matter how shitty things may be just being with him makes everything alright .
why wouldnt they ! ? film is quickly becoming a thing of the past .
alady sat on my coat on the bus & I couldnt move ... all I could think of was at least it wasnt my weave lol
My poor lil fish ! OMG NOOOOOOOOOO ! NEMO IS DEAD !
haha . i guess its agreed that within a few months is foolish . thanks ! yall proved a point for me !
So my cable / internet is fucking up and now my cellular service is too ?
I just unlocked the "" Adventurer "" badge on
Yes people , Gucci has Hypohydrosis Lipis . No cure , not even Gatorade ! Lol !
i need to go to a concert . i'm having major withdrawals .
Support Rider Relief Fund , add a twibbon to your avatar now ! -
with nick and christopher ( @ The Junction Eating Place )
Lawanda Smith and Steve Eisen at Imbibe Saturday -
can someone please tell me why Im addicted to watching iCarly ?
hahaha yeeeeessshhh : 3 u2014 Okay , well I never dated a guy named david . That's just weird . Why did he think i was u2026
I just unlocked the "" Explorer "" badge on
Ok so me and my guy recorded us fucking , I mean , super close "" in and out "" action , if you catch my drift . Is it normal that I watch it a lot ?
i had the address kinda wrong , but if ya wanna pay the 10 dollar minimum come on out ! :)
I get to scream for today . Yeah . Be jealous twitter .
Trying to convince my dad to buy me a wedding dress I wont need until the far off distant future is proving to be harder than I thought ...
Gold Mask is in production ... xo
Becoming a parent means doing things earnestly that you used to do ironically . Off to the state fair this weekend !
happy birthday a-rod ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Top 10 Italian Badboys Of All Time
Code as Craft u00bb Batch Processing Millions and Millions of Images -
What's happening , honey ?
i may have known you since i was 10 but news flash i'm 20 now and you still treat me like i'm 10 . treat me like an adult .
NYTimes : When Does a Book Stop Being a Book and Become ... ? - E-books of the latest generation are so brand new that ...
Watching SportsNation . I think Colin Cowherd is a sports genius even though he is a major west coast homer .
i was saying to earlier : only thing worse than no MCQ in my size is MCQ in my size and not being able to afford it
haveing fun on ustream ( #denisemaryjones5 live at )
like charlie browns mom , wah wah wah , all I hear is geek geek geek
RedCross representatives will be in Washington , Pa . tomorrow for the Bicentennial Celebrations . Stop by to see us ! pittsburgh
I cannot account for the time in question I fear . I was asleep and had no conscious control over my actions .
Somebody give me forty bucks so I can get an hoodie .
Also Sugizo went straight to their car so I couldn't give him the drawings I made for him . XD "" Hope I see him tomorrow somehow . XD ""
I just ordered a bfast wrap special called heathers wrap !
Im at Trader Joes ( 1800 Rosecrans Ave , at S Aviation Blvd , Manhattan Beach ) .
happy birthday , Jamie ! I hope you have a super amazing birthday ! * hugs *
Kansas I am not liking you today at all ...
I want to go home . Sadly , I don't know where that is .
Ahhh okay . I won't try and sway your judgement ( UNCA UNCA UNCA CHOOSE UNCA ! ! ! ) I'm sure you'll choose a good school ( UNCAAA ) .
I believe in forgiving but NEVER forgetting . Dont like being played for a fool twice .
We will , forever , remember Firefly
Jiraachi has earned the Nothing Boring About Borean achievement on Azgalor . wow
just wasted over half an hour on what turned out to be two functions ( properties ) with the same name in the same JS object , ugh !
its hard for me cuz everyones like "" oh hes normal , just treat him like every other kid "" shit just dont work like that !
Have to take my oldest daughter to a thyroid specialist today because blood work shows that she has to much thyroid hormone being produced .
oh my goddddd i can not even explain how excited i am for arcade fire tonightttttttt .
Doesn't come as a huge surprise that Google has effectively killed off Wave . Easily one of the most over-hyped producu 2026http :/ / lnkd . in / ijmQP 4
Yeah , Brothers freaked me out ! I couldn't even say anything but "" OMG "" over and over from about 15 mins into it , till the end .
"" You can dream , create , design , and build the most wonderful place in the world ... but it requires people to make t ...
Preliminary question for Hawaii folk : who would like to go see "" Scott Pilgrim vs . The World "" on the evening of Friday , August 13 ?
and are both in Sydney ? How will Australian twitter servers survive ?
Waiting on the neurosurgeon to come talk about the Old Man's MRI results ( @ Texas Health Fort Worth )
Oh . & Justin Bieber can suck it ! :)
see God decided that ' 5 "" 4 was as good as it was gonna get for me . U on the other hand .... I need a hacksaw & ur ankles .
Licensed PI near Chattanooga Tennessee looking for work , contact pitbullrescuer @live . com
Q : If you won the lottery , what's the first t ... A : hmmmm thats a toss up between the Corvette ... :
Check out Tank , this months Mod Dog of the month !
I now officially have more followers than people I'm following ... how is that possible ?
Judging from the state of our kitchen & dining room this morning , we seem to have celebrated J's bday with style . Now time to clean up . :-/
Last event of kielers happy birthday weekend ( @ Pollywog Park )
Boredom lead to me cutting my hair thursday im going to dye it what color idk yet
"" They killed my cooter "" trueblood
swagbucks goes backtoschool , Sign up 2day , use code BackToSchool get 40 xtra swagbucks . Sign up widget at
Interesting discussion about "" what is HR "" at HR Connections networking meeting at Lee Hecht Harrison's office in Portland !
Last night's dream involved me fretting about a paper called "" The Economics of Monty Python "" for a conference in December .
I can't believe I wasn't following I am now . SHE'S SO FUNNYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
I was there last week ....
My computer has major viruses . Again . Fml XD
It's storming like crazy here .... and I'm loving it ! ! ! !
Jiraachi has earned the Somebody Likes Me achievement on Azgalor . wow
"" Unsuck It "" - Helping you rephrase annoying business jargon : > a lot of fun !
The umpire lineup for the WhiteSox radio broadcast is sponsored by a low vision clinic ? Seems fitting .
Jowie says ur gay .
About to load in for the concert tonight in Texas
Really , really enjoyed Morningstar Farm's lasagna for dinner . :)
"" That was probably unhealthy "" -
Waiting for my baggage in LAX , feeling like Desmond fucking Hume .
Dr . Willy ( sp ? ) just arrived and popped water bag . Expecting her to feel like pushing soon . fb
Offically turning my life around . I'm proud of myself . Please God , let me stay strongu 2665
Blue October ~ ~ "" What If We Could "" ~ ~ Lyrics :
Watching X-men 2 and Eragon on tv . mygirlfriendwillleaveme
He llegado a la conclusion de que ya quiero mi JUBILACION !
Need to find somewhere to get shirts done ... hmmm
haha oh grandpa kaucher : "" hey i'm trying to talk to you and you're listening to THE DANZING . "" jsdhkjfhkjshfkjhdkj
Appreciate what you have NOW and who you have NOW , because the future can take it all away from you . TLS
you are the man .
Sitting in the courtyard with the girls watching the Lighting blots and rain . Now if it would only cool down .
This road that you found It was buried alive in your dreams With all your second-hand blues
Demi was amazing the last 2 nights . Thanks for the guitar pick Nick .
"" she take a bone like a ribeye steak at ruths chris "" - classic ! !
Should listen to when she tells me to put "" Billy the kid "" in trivia .
If you have been sitting on the fence , the Moon's return to yo ... More for Capricorn
Thank you ! No strep ... just an infection . Antibiotics are wonderful ...
I would like to thank you three for thinking of me . Yep ... 3 . All its takes is one sometimes .
1 Alabama Crimson Tide aim to repeat as BCS national football champs with a offense loaded with talent .
Just met my new roommate and suitemate . They're totally awesome and I'm excited to be sharing a suite with them :D . They're all on track too
has the best boyfriend ever ! and weener is coming to visit tonight HOORAYYY :)
if I hadn't waited for him . He does a lot more than that , but that's one of my favorites . :)
Dethmoo has earned the Let's Get This Done achievement on Azgalor . wow
24 hours of cooking and guests ! Italian dinner , brunch , all day snacking and Vietnamese for dinner . Fun .
Alright .. I have joined .
Hey Rachel thats sad news . 1 Question i wondered do you get all weekends off or do you have to report on weekends ?
Greyology in the studio this week with Alisha Bennet and US singer / songwriter Kalief Malone producing her debut album
So who knew you could watch syfy shows for free in xbox live zune marketplace and didn't tell me ! ! ? ? ? ! ! nerdgasm LemmeFindOut
are you live twatting yet ? !
didn't get enough baby time this weekend :[
I'm at Yucatan Taco Stand ( 909 W Magnolia Ave Ste 10 , at Alston Ave , Fort Worth ) .
The beach fixes everything :) (< USER > Wrightsville Beach , NC )
It's almost time for DragonCon ! Pretty much geeky old home week which is always fun .
on my way home from a fun early job . I've got lunch w / me and am listening to empire of the sun . good day despite running on 2 hrs sleep !
Good Good ! Nope BUT they did say they would drive me wherever for work till i save some $ $ , i guess i can work with that .
Have you beem out drinking ? That is the only approved use of Bueller after midnight .
Just because some of us can read and write and do a little math , that doesn't mean we deserve to conquer the universe .
Maybe it's just me but I keep getting an error that says "" 503 Service Unavailable "" when I click your links .
Cat toys , ain't this the truth !
Bristol Palin is considered a "" star "" but Pluto is no longer a planet ? Messed up .
shout outs to people i aint know ........... yet lol @TizKirau , @pretty_bossette ,
Aaahhh ! ! ! I cant figure dis out ! Im tryna send ppl msgs . I giv up . Gd nite
have u ever tackled a bear ?
that stinks , hope it works out for the best . We're hiring , if you want an internal recommendation . :)
Birney Brayton gains nothing and doesnt like it KWFootball Wyovarsity fridaynightlights
eating across the street from the expo RIGHT NOW ! I'm waving , can you see me .
We're supposed to be napping , not snacking !
that's where the fridge is , and the beer is in the fridge .
Q : Can you make yourself cry ? A : Yeppers :
Yeah I heard about those compression stockings while looking up stuff for my swollen ankles . Doesn't make sense to me either . XD
Blah . My friend lance is bein shipped to afganistan for over 9 months in just a few hours : , [ gotta stay up & talk to him before he leaves me .
Everyone go download ' s new single from their newly recorded album ! It's free !
Q : hey hows it going ? A : Good . And you ? :
DO YOU THINK YOU SUPERHEAD OR SOMETHING LMAO
Rt woot woot . hanging with Brittany & Bree :]
Pastors , nvr underestimate the importance of your personal assistant . So grateful 4 who keeps my life and ministry moving ! fb
If you're not familiar w / Chicago area & need must-have food advice , let me know .
Ugh ! Bummed that I missed on Fox 4 this morning but at least I get to have lunch with her today !
Thank you Facebook for asking me to reach out to the girl I am seeing and an ex-girlfriend . Thank you .
Nyjer Morgan maybe dumb , but Aaron Boone just proved himself an idiot . How is stealing bases in the FOURTH inning bad form ? fb
! I think i finally figured out how to write my first college english essay !
just reached level 125 on Original Gangstaz on my iPhone ! Click the link to join my gang iphone ipod ipad OG
Flat tires really ruin plans :(
Now , this is more like it . Sitting in First Class on a Virgin Pendolino with working wi-fi and the entire carriage to myself .
Guys ! Every girl loves a boy in TOMS : try out the Black Burlap Men's Classics on TOMS.com today :
WARNING - RETWEETING THIS MESSAGE WILL IMPROVE SEXUAL PERFORMANCE !
your no longer pale irish boys ! Hollaaa :]
Our customer is using USANA supplements to train for his leukemia fundraising marathon . Donate if you can :
Night out for birthday continued - w / driver of course . Just saw "" Machete "" , nice gratuitous start ..
Sound check at briarlake church this morning .
Setting up my new mini server with plex 9 , trying to tweak the configurations for everything . Yeah , I party hard on the weekends . > . >
SHHHH ! ! ! I have to wait until it comes to OnDemand Thurs bc Comcast blows and took away AMC !
Quotes from The Tain I must use SOMEWHERE ( #QfTIMUS ): "" their sweet companionable wrath ""
Great weekend at Wrightsville beach ! Sad to be driving home .
Before Tik Tok was Walk by Pantera . I have found my new home bar . Expect tons of updates from this place .
haha , Bill is awesome . Remember when he got us funnel cake ? Good times
I love the smell of steak tips on the grill ! It makes me feel like summer isn't quite over
"" Don't lose track of who you are just because it's easier to be somebody else "" - Will Schuster .
Can't wait for to stomp down on the Gators on Sat ! Go Bulls ! ! beatgators gatorhater
As promised , CP + B portrays baby carrots as sexy , futuristic and extreme in awesome new TV spots .
I love you but after seeing Australia's Next Top Model , you need to bring it !
Dear Microsoft can we please get our dumpster back ?
Like It or Not , Twitter Has Become a News Platform ( GigaOm ):
Thats a rumor . The rumor was Rachel and Regan and Brendon and Matt .
on a lighter note , only one side of the tires flat
Going 2 Portland connect , big networking meeting of professionals !
I love me some Fridays
Ohh what you better call me Rock climbing then bonzaii for dinner after that pre-party I'll be 21 at midnight ! ! !
Okay home now . Bed time . Flip-flip-flip-adelphia ! ! ! Thats in my head good night ! ! !
lunch with chibbi ! ( @ Dennys Restaurant )
I truly need 2 be in bed real soon ! !
Here's a link to the cover of Rolling Stones
is tired from movie night last night . Don't remember a time where saturday actually felr like a saturday
JBD : Jonas Brothers Doubles . JDB : Justin Drew Bieber . What is this nonsense ? ! ! ? - JBD
- Also ur brother is here all the time and all we do is make fun of you Come chill so u can right the ridicule
:) IS TRENDING AT NUMBER ONE WORLDWIDE !
Working on my quote list for papers / other documents :
These guys look intense ...
Working on wedding albums today !
how many of those kids will be Cromarties ?
ran 3.02 mi on 9/14 / 2010 at 6:26 PM
When is your book coming out ?
My headphones legit snapped in half this morning ! I couldnt be angrier ! ! ! ! No music on the bus :( & I hate reading in the morning cause
Check this out ! via
I hate when other photographers want to ~ talk shop - .
Hate when trains go by in the middle of the night ... SHUT THE FUCK UP ! !
ACC Game of the Week : Week Three UNC Heels GaTech Jackets This is a make-it-or-break-it for both . Don't miss it !
How is it already Thursday again ? Hey , Vampire Diaries is all new tonight !
11:08 am ? It's 11:08 pm here . Lol
I'm so in love with : right now ... "" Awesome hippy defeats ignorant redneck . "" Okay , I know this is a few ... days old .
Mandeeme tweeted a pic of her with Brit and Nick .
that pit looks creepy they got a cool evp GACgettys
Sooo trashed ran into a party bus full of drunk college kids ! Fucking awesome night ! Woop woop body shots bitches !
MICHIGAN 42 - UMass 37 . Go Blue ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Every Christian would agree that a man's spiritual health is exactly proportional to his love for God-C . S . Lewis
and that was gorgeous :')
WERTH ! ! ! !
saw full BoardwalkEmpire trailer earlier for the first time . Seems like something that can hold me over till GameofThrones !
If I could talk to my younger self , I'd say , "" Some 35 - year-old man just shows up and talks to you ? It's like Mom & Dad don't even care ""
ARREST WARRANT ISSUE FOR LINDSAY LOHAN ! DRUNK HULK TOTALLY FORGOT IT WAS MONDAY !
wayyy to good at putting off homework . its going to be a long night .
But they're fed now , right ? Because I'm pretty sure they're gonna forgive you .
FOUND ALL THE EVIDENCE IN MY OLDER SISTERS ROOM IM SO SMART IM NOW OFF THE HOOK YAY !
HELL YEAH ! ! ! Nelson found spades ! ! ! !
Chris Brown y dont u eva tweet ur fans ? Or do u ?
I guess I'm the only one having problems with the search box on "" sold orders "" page & repeat buyers not having stars . Suggestions ?
Generations X and Y Lead the Way in Today's Digital World - Forrester Research just released its annual survey of Am ...
If ya'all could get him to sing , ( in Dr . Venture's voice , of course , ) "" Rocket Man "" that'd be awesome , AWESOME !
Rise , Grind , Shine , & claim the Divine twitter family ...
I can possibly help you with that
CSI is on top form tonight ! WOOT ! ! ! !
My kitten is a Demon in disguise : O
they've that same languid grace that's made weird by cgi ... ?
"" X Japan is by no means a band whose biggest appeal is to anime fans , though . "" THANK YOU for acknowledging they have fans beyond anime .
I say fuck it , slaughter ' em . These dudes is weak anyway .
Yes ! I thought it was amazing how just for a second we felt a little sorry for him before Morgan shot him .
awe ! yes we were team mitchel ! and still are ! we stayed up all night long voting and waiting for his video ! I love you !
Check out Groupons daily deal - huge discounts on the coolest stuff in your city .
Fun Star Trek fact : Romulans do not take prisoners !
rainy sunday ! too bad i have to work .
www.worldofbeardo.com Just went up on the web 5 minutes ago . Go regail the page now ! ! ! ! !
Stop worrying about who is following you and who isn't . It isn't important .
damn thats a good one imma look at yo fb pics and bust off lol
before you give him his pill and then try to force it onto him like I was describing ? I know it seems really mean ... but !
Baffler Monday is GO :
New Ice Cube CD in my possession now ! Listening to it as i tweet
Sorry Unilever , Axe smells gross and does not follow your brand values at all getridofit rightmeow
"" I don't want my brother coming out of there with just his SGU in his hand ..... ""
Busy morning , busy lunch hour , probably busy afternoon , likely busy rest of the week . fb
Is it too early to be drunk ? Oh well . Im shit faced & happy .
I need lessons for 3rd grade using Mimeo Board . Any suggestions ?
Great article by Dr . Ray Strand on proper nutrition for people with Fibromyalgia & Chronic Fatigue
"" I AM NOT GOING TO THROW THE BEANS ! ! "" - - Mom .
nope :) she'll pick you up right after she picks me up :p
shake weight ? What's that ?
Dear The Radio . Umm ... No . You need to stop sucking for a minute . Changing the channel constantly is stressing me out . Yours truly , Katie .
Best assessment of Twilight ever .
Lead me with strong hands Stand up when I can't Don't leave me hungry for love Chasing dreams , what about us ?
Frak ! It just keeps getting lighter and lighter ... stop drying , hair !
Jus picked Biebs up from the airport .
Aaron , "" No . "" haha . GACMackey
- - We are five "" likes "" away from triple digits .
Im going to punch you in the face ! ! ! GACMackey
LSJUMB on TV . Shades of 1990
What r you doing this weekend ?
what ? Just went to Chipotle today . They don't have that here ?
Vote to give this idea 5K : Ensure confidence and provide hope to young female cancer patients . pepsirefresh
u201c @KaleyCuoco : Please , spread the word about this We all together can help this amazing horse ! / via ...
EVERYONE Please & spread the word to Help Prevent Teen Suicide ! NOH 8
Deaces Daily Diary : October 4th , 2010 :
Got 2 tickets to the carrie underwood concert . Any wanna buy them from me .
yeah , but cats can't get on the internet
modern family i officially love you ! ! hahah
Omg . I love kelly Jarvis . She has such a nice arch .
U . S . Holiday sales will rise 3-3 . 5 percent vs . last year , ICSC research says CRE Retail
So is sound ... ear-relevant ?
You aren't happy if your current responsibilities are overwhel ... More for Capricorn
Social Networking Map Shows Rise of Online Communities [IMAGES] -
I'm at Jetro Back Lot .
Season eleven of SVU just got added to Netflix Instant watch . LIFE COMPLETE .
"" Under the Sea "" came on in my "" Sweeny Todd "" Pandora station . I'm not complaining here , but ... forget it , I'm not complaining .
What makes fat good or bad ? health
FREE BEER ... TONIGHT ! ! "" Snake Spit "" a Black India Ale is being tapped . Free pints 6-6 : 30pm ! FREE BEER ! ! Don't miss out !
Every challenge creates an opportunity . It is up to you to decide what to do with it .
if my math partner sneezes on me one more time , i'm going to hit her .
Q : are u gonna dress up for Halloween ? ? ? and ... A : Yes . Dr . Frank N Furter from the RHPS ! :D :
Sometimes , some crimes , go slipping through the cracks ...
You may be a formidable opponent because you know what you hav ... More for Capricorn
Thats what happens when people are in love , they fight with their privates
had a great day at Atlanta PRIDE . Picked up some new Shisha from Going to finish homework soon and go read something for fun .
Always bring ear plugs . Last concert i was deaf for 2 days . It's official , I'm deaf . bieberinhi
breakfast before work , along with a horse pill .
I WILL B AT POWERHOUSE N WEARING ALL PINK ! SO PLEASE WAVE AT ME ! 11N23M10 < ~ ITS PINKFRIDAY HO !
Did Calleigh and Eric break up ? ? CSIMiami
Up early going to breakfast with then off to get rental gear to head to virginia
Get ready for Week ! 7 shows , 5 packages , 1 week !
' I Spit on Your Grave ' review now up at the Stash :
really matter , in the grand scheme of things ... he would still be the same person .
November 26th (: do you know what lucky day that might be ? (;
I love everything about writing except the part where you want to kill yourself , which is all of it .
Just saw an ad with a woman shaving her legs . Funny thing was that she just kept shaving the same spot over and over .
JMW Turner Grand Canal , Venice Framed Print - dealspl.us via
Why is it that we can recite the quote , "" Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it "" , yet we continue to ignore it ?
WAY past my bedtime . Leaving CNN on all night so I don't miss too much of the Chilean miners rescue .
Help us get this onto the major networks . We are murdered , we are slandered ; we are forgotten . t ...
Chilean rescue goes global--hugs for everyone ! [ News Bits ] via
LOBSTER CLOCKS . Just for you u2665
Great Ones Cinemas ! ! ! ! got a ring to it lol
San Francisco sculpture made of toothpicks :
i miss you boy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :(
UGK bitch much black dick as your ass done took stop frontin like you aint up on shit . Ratchet !
Another exciting day comes to a close .
And played FUKAI and UNKNOWN ... DESPAIR ... A LOST last night ! OMG I need to teleport to Japan NOW . Why don't teleporters exist yet ?
You do the meth !
you sure are with dopeman talkin bout Pinky
And here I thought I left high school all those years ago .
106.7 the FAN saves the day . Go bucks . Go skins . Get some .
BUCKEYESSSSSS ! ! ! ! !
LOL you're a different sport . I swear we end up with the worst refs but that's just my opinion !
Time for some benji magic
you are minor ..... AND YOU AINT READY FOR THE MAJORS subliminaltweet
& are THE hottest couple ! ! Congrats 2 Real luv u guys ! ! ! ! O lord Im tearing up ! !
I just checked Ryuichi Sakamoto's tour dates and saw he's in NY tonight but it's sold out . ; ^ ; I wish I'd known about it sooner !
rock ! Oh My God website is incred , literally one of the coolest things Ive seen mindblowing
Thanks ! She's actually my brother's . I want to steal her , but she loves my brother way to much . ;)
Struggling to upload my last promos to air before the show tomorrow , but this hotel internet connection isn't cooperating .
some guy walked yp behind me and I almost instinctly punched him ... calming down on the caffience
Facebook ? www.facebook.com / BaybeeB
Just ... omg why is this bitch running for senate . D= She doesn't even know what's in the freaking FIRST AMENDMENT ? !
I guess everyone was wrong 200 million doesn't buy a championship ... way to underachieve , forget the past , dump the legacy baggage !
Buy Keep Fear Alive merchandise and stoke my fear that we'll run out of inventory ! ( http://bit.ly / b1V7pv )
I'd love 2 c a design video from Dell on how they make the Inspiron . "" We start w / this huge chunk of plastic & 8 stickers . ""
Ok ... I think I'm gonna have to get on that FalloutLasVegas
I be catching bitches while niggaz be catchin feelings !
Anytizers - dealspl.us via $ 1.50 coupon !
I gots an evo ! ! So much better than the iPhone ! I love it already ! ! !
Hang in christine . You are very impressive . dont let the lefty jerks get you down
"" If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led , like sheep to the slaughter . "" George Was ...
Just a quick reminder , I will be at Chastain Park tomorrow from 10am - 2pm at the Walk n Wag with lots of new ...
To all my friends back in Texas : you should be damn proud of those Rangers ! Way to go y'all . Kicking those damn Yankees ass . Congrats .
Wett 222 well i can send you pictures if you text me =) my cock is so ready . I want your lips around it baby
thanks so much abbey .
There is a little "" Angel Dandruff "" ( snow ) on the mountains this afternoon .
"" @toorealfortv : Im going with tito ortiz because matt hamil got whooped in the last fight .... "" smart call
Youplaymygames well your Pussy is about to be soaked .
I don't want to clean but it needs done . :(
ohh man that sucks :( hope everything turned out ok
Basically you just check into your favorite shows / books / movies / music etc & you earn stickers that you can order for free .
got up at 8: 30 and just now finally feel awake . i can get up if i have too , but i'll never be a morning person .
"" this is the moment that science terms ' the big bang , ' as if it were a sex orgy . "" lol
Q : I'm Going Through My Friends , Keep Or Delete ? A : Keeeep me . :( :
im exhausted ! not excited about working tonight . i need a vaycay ASAP
Q : hello are u really from hatfield A : Yes .... why ? :
When gets 500k Followers , shell give away a gift & ustream ! ! ! Please follow &
Ught ... just went thru a round of slayer wit 2 annoying ppl talkin about their relationship ... no one givez a shit ! ! ! ! Shut up
My son loves this free game : Multiflyer - Use your multiplication skills to guide your ship through the solar ...
Some storms you just gotta face head on - but remember to be real with yourself - if you cant deal w / the truth - seek godly help ! !
haha thats awesome . You should take a picture . They prob just dont realize the amazingness of ridiculous outfits .
Big girl chipped two of her front teeth in her fall Monday ( Very minor ) . Thank you Dr . Grindstaff for smoothing them out . Lifewithhorses
When I come by bitch , you better be up . Ass up , face in the pillow . I don't give a fizzle , Got ta do my bizzle . Ice Cube
So much for the giants being an offensively challenged bunch of journeymen who can't hit or score runs
yeaaaa ! ! ! !
Arent you always ? ;)
No ! wat do U mean ? ? ?
we're neighborz ! ! Ppl dnt eat their neighborz ! ! ! ....... I DO ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! If my neighbor is a mango ! ! ! :-D
Good times ! Bochy hit a walk off , three run bomb off of Nolan Ryan in 1985 .
No more testing in school , no more grades , grade levels , evaluations ? A better way to educate ! ...
Post a pic of Indy in her costume . Btw , just watched "" La Bamba "" this afternoon .
I'm alone in a stickam room , eating peaches made up like robert smith of the cure .
After the show . ( like 2 in the morning , lol . ):
Just leavin work - not 2 upset about it cuz Im off 2morrow ! ! WOOHOO ! !
The fact that you asked me , said the answer didn't matter , and then proceeded to bring me into what I wanted to stay out of . Blow me
I hope everyone who goes out to vote has better luck finding there voting place then my family . They moved it on us .
There's no more vulnerable population than folks w / psych disabilities , civil rights are totally stripped upon entering state hospitals .
judgement day has come - hello job security , goodbye personal values .
Turn your blog into a book : Cool , but odd or ironic to make online media into print ?
bahahaha man .... this is so true . MOST of the time its just heeeeeyyy
am I real haha of course ! ! I just got this like a week ago so I been tryin to figure it out , are you real ? Hahahahahaha ;)
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ... ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? .... ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Free Weezy ! ! ! O WAIT .......... WEEZY FREE ! ! ! ! ! Yesssiirrrr
Got 997 words in the 20 minute word war ! Woot ! only 500 words from tomorrow's goal now !
Bitches get served on tonight's Community ! And there's a trampoline . NBC at 8/ 7c . Happy Thursday !
Im goin 2 c that in the movies so I can get a close up on that piece of eye ~ candy
Omg ... must have that outfit !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY STUD :D You deserve the best ! xoxo happy 23rdbdaykevinj
Incredible life sharing and prayer moments at the men's retreat tonight ... and we haven't even gotten to the message yet ! fb
That's probably like the only thing I'll ever agree on with him though . XD ""
Utterly charming : Michelle Obama gets funky dancing with disadvantaged kids in Mumbai ( video ): ...
Yes hes 21 and hes eatin my birthday apples
obviously every day of my life . i forgot to take out my booty pads
Smart man . Iol I want both . I guess Im lucky because theres no Apple store in my state .
Because no religions consider food as a higher power ?
i'm going to die .
Interesting video on what an egg looks like after sitting in a glass of coca-cola for one year health
really wish ryan was here right now . thats all i can say .
article - Allegheny Co . Deputy saves life of McKeesport police officer using RedCross CPR training h ...
u201c @NatalieGrant : Massive human trafficking bust in the U . S . Yes . This happens where u live . great to hear
Im invadin Amazon wit my books so dont forget to check me out there !
Free Tall Tales Notebooking Pages . Goes along well with Bear scout requirement ... Enjoy !
The result of last nights shopping trip ...
if it makes you feel any better , I am too ..
My new years resolution is going to be to stop saying "" you go , girl "" to myself ..
im so pucking sexy them plus sized mags need to holla at me
is 20 feet away from me ... Naked .
lol u not rite im different not crazy lmao
Basically we've decided to hold off for now ... We * are * interested in replacing comcast , because of the issues , but ...
how strange and wonderful that a story including a crackhead and a dead child gives me hope
agree . But saving 20 connections per page could easily make it worth the effort in the right situation .
Only on the inside ...... and out .
hey sexy thanks for the twug im twuggin you back
damn right it won't be a success ! i know that they have the potential to hurt tumblr , but i really doubt it'll get that far .
yes my sinking ships do fly , dont be surprised
i just saw a secret that says they want him and that new Alexx girl to cheat . ooo scandalous . NONONONONO .
LMFAO on RHOA yawning 2 Share dancing ! ! ! LOL
good luck ! i'm sure you'll do great !
- - Loved Skyline ! Refreshing to see the invasion from the viewpoint of the everyman !
i know you love this
All right , all right ... I'm moving . Heading off to the gym ... have a lovely morning / afternoon , all .
So much 4 riding ... at least I'm drunk ... lol
u201c @hawkster : Gutters - Issue 53 by Chad Hurd : brilliant ! u201d Dude , read this !
Why did I tell you that kol had a crown in his pants ? Just answer the question
Someone should adopt that cat b / c he seems awesome and I want a cat but cant have one right now :(
yes it is . No more paying for min
Anyone who has a smart phone add kik messanger and add me on there ... JaymeeBaybee
You just destroyed the thing I love , there I said it , what do you love ?
Never been so bored and tired in my life somebody just ue113 me ! ! ! !
breathtaking performance ... http://www.youtube.com /watch?v=gG3d3v_oIqI
What am I doing ? I'm helping heal America . In a dramatic fashion . In the 11th hour .
I'm dirty ? ! ? FF ... w00tw00t , I love being a dirty-girl .
just saw your posterous , good stuff !
bedside tabernacles calling but Im not answering - bishop blankets doing a series on how David counted sheep ! !
No matter how real u can be to ppl n u don't get the same n return seriously switching up the game ! ! !
Bleh ... got up 2 just smoke a cig n ended up havin 2 take care of the dogz ... ugh might as well play sum halo ... lol
At another party where I know practically no one . Being an adult is fun . sarcastictweet
I earned the Opening Week sticker on
OMFG ! ! ! ! ! I'm sooooo sexcited 2 c 2night ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :-D
Bitchin seatz ya'll ! ! ! ! ! Sooooo sex-cited ! ! ! ! !
Audio : Laodicea : The Useless Church This is the eighth and final part of a series on the seven churches of ...
again I say , Between the Sheets ... LADIES !
Hey men of buckle up because men's ministry is going 2 the next level ! So excited 4 what is coming up in 2011 .
Weekend family special ! Pay our sitting fee and receive your photos on CD with reprinting rights . Pick your day ; ...
Im at Coffee Bean - Marina Del Rey ( 4020 Lincoln Boulevard , Washington Blvd . , Marina Del Rey ) w / 2 others .
LOL LK wipe 134 : TIRION . You have the effing Ashbringer and you can't even Every Man for Himself out of a damn ice trap ?
just saw you called , but we're dinner - for this ? prob could this Sat / Sun . Call me later ? Or send an email ? I'm free tmrw am too
Live in Atlanta area ? go to The School Box website , scroll down to The Learning Experience blog and comment , you could win 20.00 gift card .
Damn , them , who says they need to eat three meals a day ? ! ?
Omg . James Jean was a guest speaker in my class today ! But my hw sketches sucked and I didn't deem them worthy of being in his presence . D=
The Suns have nothing to be ashamed about tonight . They played hard - just the Bulls were too much for them . GoBulls ! 23PointComeback
Gibt es noch einen Early Adopter der seine 5 Invites noch nicht rausgehauen bzw . noch einen u00fcbrig hat ? diaspora
Big things in the works . Big things .
Having fun in Bako ? ! Burrrrrr ! ! Black Friday baby ... lol ( @ Walmart )
My cat was surprisingly affectionate and well-behaved last night . I think it was my "" you get five cat treats on Thanksg ...
The time has come !
Hanging at the diner with my guy waiting for the snow to start falling .
So maybe if I put it public that I'm trying to be nicer , it'll last longer . :)
u201c @Dunbar3213 : I love when old people act immature about stupid shit . Hahahau 201d
grilled cheese . I like pb . And I like j . But Ive never cared for pb & j .
I know it's greedy after 4 days off , but just one more would be sooo nice !
i still cannot get over your taste in films .
When someone starts a sentence with the phrase "" I'm the kind of person who ... "" they're about to tell you they're the "" best kind "" of person .
Gonna have to tweet today .... facebook app isn't working right
yeah , i WAWNT this : ( thanks to
Video : annietheartfuldodger : u201cAmy what do you think ? u201d Best thing ever .
man this KFC near me be freestylin orders how you just gone try to give me what you want to give me ?
Excited for AND VSfashionshow tonight ! ! Good TV night !
Anu ba ung minions :D > mkulit ka pu pla sir . Dominique
Laphroaig 10 - Year-Old Islay Malt Whisky - Reviews
I rock with State but they bout to get bitchslapped tonite itaintmarchyet
I'm listening to "" What's Your Fantasy ( Remix ) "" by Ludacris ( http://bit.ly / fQOCoy ) pandora hehe
Good luck guys ! He looks beautiful :)
lmao ... how old was he , 17 ?
Wish I coulda used my 60 bux on pampering myself ... but as alwayz ... when I have money itz used 4 smokez beer and gas ...
I love Android app . It has lots of great up-to-date movie info . And the best part ? It's free to download !
Also can everyone following me spread the word ? We need more submissions . Especially twoc . ...
got angel / ramblings as my random single
Got locked out of my house in the freezing depths of winter and spent half an hour banging on doors to gain entry . Felt bad , man
i wonder how most these rappers who make money now maintain thruout life aint no pensions in rap
This will be good news for the blog - - The Name is Cheryl : Get Drunk at Starbucks
Half of the mall was closed , so XMAS shopping wasn't too eventful . Damn Galleria fire .
Tonight is a first . First night our first daughter is not sleeping in the same room as us . Hope she doesn't freak tomorrow morning . fb
Please help nephew win a schlolarship 2college Vote more than 1x
Yo ! Mine neither . I never believed in Santa clause . MOMMY and DADDY bought me that bike . Lol thought it was a JA thing
You have more going on within the hidden realms of your imagin ... More for Capricorn
This snow sucks . Isn't it supposed to be warm in the south ? ? ? ?
So , how's your day going ?
Finally watchin the human centipede ! ! ! Let's c if I freak out like everyone else ... haha
If you think an article about an actor's sexuality is unnecessary why would you not only decide to read it , but also take time to comment on
happening now instead of at the end of the season though .
If you find out will you let me know ? It seems stupid . ( p . s can we be friends again ? )
if you want i'll do it !
Do you love urban novel out ? Then try TheCoalition . Get urs copy createspace.com / 3356695 or download it
Salt Lake City passes anti-bullying measures : Awesome !
i am thoroughly entertained by like 82 % of what tweets . shoutout for making my TL worth readin before bed .
Blake griffin ... Just start showing up to Lakers practices and hope for the best .
Amazing women named Lynda that fought breast cancer
had a drink and lonely vibrator time yea tweeting and doing me sometimes my vibrator puts me to sleep realtalk
DavosSeaworth once made the run from Kings Landing to Dragonstone in under 12 parsecs !
oneofmyfollowers is just str 8 crazee .... and i love that about her ! ! ! ( in a small voice ... hope she dont bake the chicken ! ! )
Gift cards : Because sometimes the best solution IS to throw money at the problem .
this is no mine ... - Its a Tomb Raider !
no maam ! ! !
awww I know right ? She was so proud all day that she helped . Great memories !
start wishing for rain than . It will freeze
Very lucky ! Wondering how it will size up compared to last season's finale .
cursin is so unlady like but core brings it out in me . on a noncomplainin note : its so nice and toasty in my apmt since my roomie is gone :)
it's Monday morning ! time for the morning dog walk . then the morning commute . followed by the morning daze . caseofthemondays
lol shoulda named it after regions and you see the trophy names ? that shit is garbage
Photo : aaswytghuiowe 33ew4 bmelthx 3 :
It is 5 years old though , so I definitely got my money out of it .
First HIV-Positive Man Cured With Stem Cell Treatment via
it is trickin if you got it ... thats the whole point fool mythbuster
welcome to college ! now you know how it really feels :P
Break a leg ! ( Not literally , though . )
aweeeee i'd love love love to meet with youuu ! ! and im pretty good as well ! !
I'm serious about being able to co-author the "" stick shit on yr head "" book . ( hats not included )
Sucha swagger so many cloths got walk in closets . swag swag swag
I just won 4 ZBucks for viewing ZDaily at ZoomBucks . Join today ! via
yeah , I'm still jealous about that . As I sit here shivering in the cold ...
likes Kelsey by Metro Station on Ping iTunes
awwww you need a peepee teepee !
Know anyone great for these jobs ? Socialtext is hiring
He's there ! ? Awesome ! Get some video .
Fo sho . I'm out with friends : baked brie and nice wine .
Ever had to carry a 14lbs bowling ball on to a plane before ? I am and the security screeners gave my backpack an extra look .
PETITION : Tell the GOP not to deny seniors a cost of living increase :
My eye lids are doing your job tonight ... Good night !
NO WAY . I just got a package of Turkish delight in the mail . Best . Day . Ever .
HAPPY ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY ! ! Kenielle
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
* nods in agreement * Someone gets me ! How to care for introverts :
Today is a GREAT day ! All hopped up on Vitamin D from tanning AND breakfast for dinner =)
Thinkin bout downloading all ciara's albums if all her songs are so good to dance to . Helping me out at the gym to get my serenabody
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
1st day of Winter & the Full Moon . Light a colored candle ( red for love , green for money , blue for health , yellow for hope ) . Believe !
nice , Amazon will be delivering my parents ' Kindle before Christmas now , 4 days earlier than previously estimated .
Oh , wow ... I bet that NVIDIA card rocks ! I'm pretty happy with this mid-range Diamond card , Deepholm will wait for some time .
SYFY used ' Sanctuary ' to help kill Caprica
Lunch with my boys . ( @ Chick-fil-A ) [pic] :
Well at least Ive been able to use this boring as hell day off to catch up on my DVR ...
Son of a B ! My phone is going to die and I have no clue where my charger is at .
So adorable ue32dRT Gosh he's perfect ue327RT Look at this little guy creepin
Barbero : mijo teneis 12 x delante y cierro a las 5pm .... si quereis pasate mau 00f1ana ...
u201c <USER> : Gay in for B-Mac , who has hip injury . Return questionable . u201d there won't be anyone left soon
Im never going to win anything . :( I really wanted to win this time . It wouldve made my crappy day into an awesome one . Haha .
Men get just 3 hours of orgasm in a lifetime ? That's one football game ( no overtime ) !
With today's gift you'll be receiving * and * giving : 250 pairs of + 250 for kids in need !
Just some lolcats Christmas fun !
I earned the "" Off the Chain "" award playing QRANK !
again , so jealous . :D Merry Christmas , though !
You hear a lot about milk and cookies for Santa , but no one ever talks about which model of bear trap to use .
Free Kindle Novel : Deadly Sanctuary by Sylvia Nobel ( $ 9.95 value ): Download this free mystery novel u201cDeadly Sa ... ht ...
Green Day Rock Band & now watching Casino Royale . Testosterone snow day - if I had an unscratched copy of Goodfellas itd be next .
rewatching BL5 , just saw you go under 200 , similar to my recent accomplishment ! another 60 to go ! thanks for the inspiration !
Your emotions are close to the surface today , yet it's challen ... More for Libra
is giving away a new 32Gig iPod Touch for every 1,000 followers , & Follow to win datal ...
Way over charged for the rental ... Ah man !
Some of the best kisses I've ever received ... from my gays !
QFT Damnit Blizzard . Stop making me coordinate interrupts . Omnotron = Illidari Council Light .
Or is it the textiles for bedding ? ? ? The drapes that hang from ceiling to floor ? ? ? ?
Your ruling planet Saturn enables you to be more productive wh ... More for Capricorn
Two days of headaches does not feel good .
I'd say that's a pretty generous offer , BUT you're worth at least double . Double or nothin , sister !
yikes , hope it gets warmer for yall :/
Lol one cd is almost entirely short clips of Gir from Invader Zim that were probably used as bumpers . ahyouth
Reading . Forever . Always reading .
Looking good feeling sexy yea new year coming all bout me :)
Thirdly , it's almost YULE ! What to do , what to do ... we're thinking after the SO's show tonight of laying around tomorrow and cleaning !
Happy New Year's Eve ! Spending it with some of my favorites--Ashley , and =D
My annual sacred new years ritual : poem by Sharon Olds followed by music from St . Nick enter
Happy New Year All 2011
Rereading The Daily 5 , getting ready for Tues when students return . Time for review 2 get reading / writing workshop off to a great start .
Mmmmmmmm .... green stuff :-D
Always a smart decision to listen to the songs you are going to mix them .
FOLLOW me Kendra , So Im not alone now ! UH-HA-hahahaha
Weights and core at the gym followed by a 6.3 mi run . Mile 1 at 7:40 min pace . Miles 2-6 at 7:20 min / mi pace . Feeling really good . foodplease
aahahahahahaha the best part is that you know he will see that tweet of yours . ( and this one of mine . j / o hand motion / fart noise )
its not his fault , the acting around him was horrible .
Its 29 degrees out . Perfect night for a date with my fella
Just checked CC website , it is the show we saw ! I remember he said it would be called Douchebags & Donuts ; it will be on January 16th .
Scary Keep hearing shit outside ma window .. want to go investigate but idunno bout that
ifiwinthelottery im getting bigger boobs a flat stomach and a fat ass newme lol
I jus wanted 2 tell U I adore u so much ! U r a true Women & have a beautiful spirit . U dont act "" Hollywood "" & I admire that
I get like that all the time sitting here giggling - just thought about it ... "" whats his name "" sorry ' bout that .
I scored 5398 points playing QRANK . Can you beat that ?
lord why i see you eating pussy and beating her in the head cause she aint doin it right lol ! ! !
, dont be gracious ! you were robbed ! ! you shouldve won .. :(
it says I can't send messages to users that aren't following me .
I didn't ! NoseGo approved ?
I'm about to read the next-to-last chapter of Charlotte's Web to my kids . May God have mercy on my soul .
He was really good looking . . . When I had noks glasses on
looks like we're alright on this end , you ?
Hey ... fathers are fathers . We only wanna protect our girls .
FavoriteLilKimSong "" NO TIME "" Aint NO FEMALE Rapper n History shut dis song down yet ! Cause its a fucking classic ! ! ! ! !
- "" I thought you said we didnt have any highpriced talent . "" - "" You dont have to worry about Dorn , because hes just highpriced . "" MajorLeague
to visit my friend it started snowing on the way
haven't lived in the area for over 20 years maybe the rules change lol ! Can't wait to get to a game in the GIANTS new stadium
Cold beer , hello .
Steelers Ravens 3 . BRING IT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Thundersnow ? Really ? Hope I make it to Indy tomorrow ...
Well , it certainly is snowing now ...
My all-nighter ended at 4 AM . Running late for work of course .
Just saw TheMiddle was renewed for season three . Congrats . :)
Nooooooo .. not Dragon Fly Jones ! !
LOL "" The south has been crippled by a winter storm . Or , as they call it , The weather of Northern aggression . "" - - Stephen Colbert
Sounds awesome Nikki like I said film club ! !
I dont know . Im pretty good at techie stuff , but this is completely different . Do you have a case for yours ?
Cartoon Kids Note Card from KDArtStudio : via
That lil girl is not very convincing as their daughter .
Ouch ! Sorry about that ! LOVES buying new cheer shoes at the very end of the season because her daughter lost hers .
School 4 me was over 25 years ago ! Wish we had the internet & access 2 it in class 2 pass the time . Hope I'm not distracting u .
haha , the joys of auto-correcting technology .
I predict ( pulling this from nowhere ) it will launch $ 299.99 and will stay there for a year until being dropped to $ 249.99 ...
"" It's pinky purpley . ""
Lights camera action can i getta follow babe ! ! !
Start taking lots of Vitamin D ! Will get your immune system functioning properly . Stopped picking up my kid's illnesses doing this
I thought I was bringing the dildos ! Can you get KY in bulk and a baby pool ?
Read my last retweet . Totally made me think of you ! ;)
Well no test for me today !
I was looking at them . Cheap is in the name . How could I go wrong .
The old Google would have used all their fat cash to fund an open source Flash plugin .
One day I want to copy someone's Tweet word for word and see if they notice .
I like that they make a point of mentioning that he speaks to the Apache in their own language ( tho we hear English obvs )
At burger up with bugs bunny ! !
Had a wonderful time with the best friends ever tonight ! You are the best :)
Inspecting a local bookstore in Edwards , CO ... I love getting ideas for mine : )
- Follow me on my New Blog & keep up with me and my busy life in New York ! Good topics & funny posts ! CIAO
Wow ... there is so much the comedycentral show left out , I hope its all in the DVD release .
Tom Jackson shut the fuck up you stammering has been fool
"" There is a man at the top who helps us see past color . "" - Shemar Moore about . Love it .
Its 60degrees out and the sun is warm ! ! !
i just realized , Im kind of funny sometimes , i mean its been awhile but it still happens , i like that .
Question : recommended RSS feed for Facebook from Wordpress blog ?
whoa whoa whoa , he has dark eyebrows . eyebrowgate is back ?
Boobie Hugs and Cuddle Time !
And , nowplaying the Titanic theme ... #lovethisclass
During Prohibition , the U . S . government POISONED alcohol to keep people from drinking it ! Over 10,000 died ! Details - > ...
Haha that's crazy ! I'm getting mail for her kids , and her son's girlfriend , too ...
I'll take the Penis Mightier Alex ( via Jeopardy
Deaces Daily Diary : January 20th , 2011 :
No , that would not help at all .
1 hour to kill between Idol and Jersey Shore ! There are a WHOLE lot of things you can get into in that period of time .......................
Trader Joe's pomegranate blueberry sherbet is to die for !
thanks for the careful thought . Convicted . :) Got a little fired up there at the end ...
Ohhhh I don't know if I can handle ask that horsepower .
Nothing better than A & W
the link I tweeter before mentions it briefly , not much elaboration :
Good Lord , woman , are you in Hawaii ? Either way , I'm super jealous .
I WANT ONE ! ! ! RT Photo : Because Iu2019m obsessed with our new baby pygmy goats ....
The petrified forest was free of holes from birds . It was impeckable !
On my way to SixyFlagsy auditions !
what is that yellow thing ? and what is CM3 ?
Woot ! Have a blast ! Packing Mary Dare up for camp . Always wondered why gymnasts camp in the forest in January ?
Just deleted 1700 + emails . success
indeed you were you glorious sonofabitch ... you gonna be in Pat's video , I got a part for you , no talking , afghan covered face
After the snow and a holiday , it's back to school !
So he only rapes racists ?
Ohhhhh .... i see . At least its better than that other vamp garbage . Lol
I did when it was 2.00 a share !
Time to get ready to slip slide to work lol
Jan 18 . Sierra Nevada Hoptimum , Stone Cali-Belgie
I Just Won 10 Swag Bucks on www.swagbucks.com via swagbucks free giftcards
musicbox Malanga - de Caracas a Madrid ..
it was more of a spoof , so I think it wasn't considered stealing . like a Weird Al sort of situation , you know ?
ok * ~ * Leego * ~ *
Well I am done with all my coffee , that seems like as good a reason as any to go home
was looking for something else and stumbled onto this ... what a trip , and it sounds surprisingly good , too . u266b
I Just Won 11 Swag Bucks on www.swagbucks.com
Thats twice the refs have screwed us here in Detroit . tonight , and they disallowed a winning goal by Madden in 03 ( ? ? ? ? )
hahaha ~ get a medicine la ~
Who's taking me to the car show this weekend ?
My absolute FAVORITE collin moc moments . Well ... one of the many ;) Bend a Car ? Pat Benatar !
sitting on a curb freezing to death in a parking lot because my boyfriend is an asshole . fun !
I'm drunk and there's 16 inches of snow outside . What should I do ?
can u check and see if I'm eligible to win anything .
highlight a new artist , singer , photographer , designer , home business ea episode ... bringing awareness to the arts & small business
You mean that there are fish in the pond after all . lol . Happy belated birthday btw .
over and OuT ~ * ~ * ~ ` ~ ` ~ Love ya ~ * ~
Kobe will climb to 3rd before he's done .
thats LA for ya you should know that (< USER >) <URL>
I think having Ronnie around has toughen up the boys a bit too . Lol .
Can't wait to watch football later , oh wait ... that sucks . Goodell , how about a 40 game season ?
Typing in long letter then looking up to see that you didn't click on the box
I guess the people that thought we should've gotten another hour of Luthor instead of Icarus will be happy .
Check out Surfer Magazine's Best Pictures of 2010 ... WOW
Still up . Tryin to decide of I shud be productive 2morrow and be good all week , or jus continue my break at home . Love sleeping in own bed ..
Working on the site for NFSsong .
My sister had her baby boy on 12/9 . He's 5 for the family . Hope you're enjoying as much as she is !
... The best there is when at his best
it's not your decision but i doubt she really wanted advice to begin with if her response was "" oh well ""
Due to sheer boredom , I will be making a youtube account . What will be on it ? Well , just wait and see .
I'm good . At ER waiting . And u ?
This is where I had my business meeting
I never thought about it until now , but I don't think I've been too worried about SV storyline wise since Season 8 . I was cautious during
Elissa I'M CRYING Always isn't always Forever
i want like 5 lemon cupcakes right this instant .
they didn't close . I just took jake to his morning class & the buses are out full swing too . I let him stay home yesterday
well first of all if it werent for the GROUNG hog we wouldnt know when spring was coming ! And ( cont )
TCYasi : Mission Beach reports trees down everywhere , powerlines down everywhere , debris everywhere , roofs off , houses gone , eyewitness report
You all everybody ! LOST
Authorities fear N . Queensland community of Cardwell ' wiped out ' by Cyclone Yasi - Herald Sun
Stop the GOP attempt to redefine rape and set women's rights back by decades . Sign the petition : dearjohn
God made you in his image & I'm sure he doesn't regret it too much .
I just put $ 39.50 of diesel into my car ... WAUGH ! ! !
This was just said on 90210 . Hahahaha ! ! !
still trying to get passes . How about hooking us up with a couple exhibitor badges ?
Totally enjoying a night of relaxation ( and so thankful I don't have to go outside ) .
. Only love , honestly :)
Yes ! Its been snowing since Monday night . Its not really sticking but its making everything icy
Another 8 hours of sleep . Ready to start my day . Should I do some work or go to teh beach . hmmmmm , I'll go to the beach .
This can't be real is it ? Did you guys hear ? Chick-Fil-A is anti-gay people . Seriously . Their new ad :
Walking my dog for no reason Forget everything Important
You're going to think I'm so weird but I had a nightmare about you last night . Can you just let me know you're ok ? It was vivid .
I'm listening to "" Fall Back Down "" by Rancid (< URL > pandora
u307eu3041u3058u3067u91d1u306au3044u304bu3089u304au3054u3063u3066u304au304fu308c ( uff 65u2200uff65 ) u2606u7b11
Apru 0117s - Ski-Party-Bus aus Kitzbu 00fchel auf dem Weg zuru 00fcck nach Mu00fcnchen . Pegel halten ! fb
ZodiacFacts Scorpios would rather be in chaos than boredom .
Hey Andy , when HWs sue bloggers YOU will lose $ . Do you approve ?
A Blake , Gibbs , and Spight family reunion won't be the same without Tommy Spight . RIP-You will be missed .
just saw a video of singing Bad Romance .. sooo awesome ...
you tried that's the best thing you can do the best anyone can do is at least try
Super Bowl prep ! Almost PartyTime ! ! GoFooooood
glad you have landed safely . We look forward to seeing what happens in this next part of God's plan . You will be missed though :) !
Thor and Captain America ! ! ! Wow ! !
Hopefully , one day theyll get it !
In case you're wonderin .. steelers got ball back w / 2:37 left in Sb 43 .. before game winning drive ..
Definately gunna be watching that ! Thanks for the reminder ! :)
Man , I really dont want to get out of bed today . Trying hard not to think ill of the person who scheduled an 8: 30 meeting for this morning .
Q : I Like your .................... answer m ... A : I like your fuzzy profile pic ... lol ! Rea ... :
dude that would be soo awesome I'm gonna take u up on that offer
Just finished season 4 .
This fever is making my eyeballs melt ! This is craptacular .
Soundss goood to me !
Looking for birthday cake creative for an email is making me crave a big slick of cake fatkidstatus
Fat bottomed girls they'll be riding today . So look out for those beauties Oh Yeah !
Woops , I forgot to tag my last tweet beaverfever
A pudgy lil roadrunner ran by the window n totally distracted me ... can u say A . D . D . ? ? Lol
Just fell asleep in my math class with my eyes open
is freaking awesome ! !
Determined to make a change in my life
nope , its in the moderate sedation module we have to do :p
If it's all about the babies , why cut billions in assistance w / health care , resources to moms & kids ? ...
The King's Speech in t-minus 2 minutes (< USER > AMC Showplace 7 )
i am a new fan love the show
cool . Just trying to get used to all of this stuff that this device does .
Gonna go get my nails did ...
I cried during Community this week . What with Jeff's moving speech and what happened to Pierce ? Besides that , funny as always ! NBCcommunity
I will admit to liking that Chloe / Lois scene .
I would probably faint if I ever got a tweet from Lol
try to do too many storylines in a limited amount of time and take away focus from Clark . Icarus & Salvation worked because they
In NYC with and some awesome people ! ! !
Haha ya Dream Laugh Love Live Smile
Grandma , we just called . Were coming home tonight .
I Just Won 10 Swag Bucks on www.swagbucks.com via
I found an AWESOME Allstar Weekend shirt online & my dad said if you replied , he'd buy it ... :)
I'm at Balboa Park ( El Prado , Pan American Rd , San Diego ) w / 4 others
Janelle monae's hair must take about a half a bottle of spritz each time she wears that puff !
Someone call a doctor he's been white and angry a long time I think it's chronic Grammys
Hmmm I don't really give a fuck right now
Will have the best valentines day ever this year ! I have the best boyfriend anyone could ask for I love him so much hes amazing !
Happy Valentine's Day ! u2764
ATTENTION : it's not cool to take your valentine to golden corral ! go somewhere nice ! :p
Wow , that's awesome . My car is an ' 05 & so far so good . My only complaint is it's awful in the snow .
Highly recommended . WSJ.com - Sidewalk Rage : Angry Pedestrians Speak Out
I guess Ars doesn't consider you to be a player in the internet radio game
Just waiting by my workplace .
Check out Azamar : The Role Playing Game . I did some concept illustration work for these guys , they could use your help :
Like the idea of loaning Kindle books , especially as it's free ! via
Tanktop : check , warmweather : check , sitting in the sun : check !
follow if you want a good offensive laugh everyday .
"" I'll take you to my room and show you how to make a phone really ding . "" sketchythingssaidinmyhouse
aint nothing like the real thing i swear u dont want a knockoff of this ........
no matter how old or mature you are , you will always want to kick a rolling backpack . lifetruth
The way 29 and the 17 are working together , theyll be a tough combo Sunday if they start behind each other 1-3 ...
are you going to najas what time ?
I Was Trying To Fly , But I Couldn't Find Wings , But You Came Along And You Changedu 00a0 Everything . JustMoreQuotes
If I can be like that I'd give anything just to live one day in those shoes ...
My stomach has growled 7 times throughout this 1 hour provost interview ... awkward .
thanks so much . Love you and Kayla man
If you use God consciously , if you use God with awareness and with intention , all things will change .
Yay ! Great news ! i didn't go anywhere ... i was stating that i can get back doing everything in gym fully :)
haha ! I've been doing too many bars and not enough food lately . there haven't been many semi-upscale food features recently !
Bostins Newsbreak ! Noodles Company Saute Grill moving in ! As long as they serve beer Im down !
Horrible weather in California R . I . P . My heart
In boxing Black beats White like Filipino beats Mexican . Bet on the Nonito Donaire over Fernando Montiel !
well u aren't fat you are good the way you are
well ya sometimes he did that and I'd be waiting so I'd text him the next day asking why but ya he might have fallen asleep
I feel like a monster
will it be available in bluray ?
This woman is prochoice . This woman wants children . This woman wants comprehensive sex education for her children . This wo ...
Here's the outfit I was talking about : Should actually be pretty easy to make even for me , and I can't sew . XD ""
decided the new Red Riding Hood looks good and she must see it when she can .
you obviously didn't go to the one in town where you get a free cookie and starbucks coffee
Presidents ' Day with Beckett of course starts at Gameworks . Followed by Johnny Rockets , Half-Price Books and Dicks . Now haircuts with Sully .
Wisc . Gov . Scott Walker , in press conference , says he won'taccept compromise on bill targeting ( cont )
Let's have a competition , shall we ? Whoever can ask the best question by this time to ... :
Well , I'm making some on Fri or Sat for my Godson's baptism on Sunday . You should come and make it with me ! Think about it !
Lyon 1-2 Real Madrid . Marcelo ( minuto 32 ) 2010MisterChip LigaBBVA
thanks so much . So greatful
James Johnson ! Worst single game performance in Chicago Bulls playoff history .
Sync your files online and across computers with 2GB account is free !
Peanut Butter Toast and hot tea :)
Oh my sweet Jesus .. New FooFighters ! Thanks for exposing me to such sweetness .
you're welcome ! "" tysm ! rb "" #U2 joshuatree One Tree Hill "" "" u266b
doesn't help that the shots we're getting aren't on target
A Fully Self-Sustained Blog Running in Amazon S3 .
so want to be there at the Viper Room tomorrow
Check it out , is on a t-shirt call GINGERS !
I dnt really understand what just happened ... can n-e one help me ? ?
I am on the floor near my window R . I . P . My heart
All-la-la-la-la-la-lellujah ! Praise the Lord ! !
My dog shits in my room and I wake up to smell it so I just cleaned it up and now I'm awake and gonna go back to sleep if I can Haha night
Bookmarking the NEA survey on arts participation to look at in more detail after midterms :
Wait until you get to Ft Wayne . We had a snow storm this morning and now almost 40 out lol
I guess I will be going to bed soon . Gonna be very busy tommrow . Get to go see Smackdown and I can't wait lol ! ! ! ! ! !
My main critique with the episode is that I wanted to see more of the night they had because what we saw looked hilarious .
Lmao only in philly do them bitches stress nc can get it when she wants i just choose to let you do you all love all the time ....
I have officially obtained legit blackmail against you mess , gohome letsdoitagain
Wow Writing on my arm In Wonderland XD
Frickin ' awesome bike at th Rod & Custom Car Show .
Don't touch me , I'm a doctor . Of what ? Music . Can you fix a hi-fi ? No . Then shut up . whatsupdoc
glad to hear you are feeling well today !
thank your boy for me grrrr
Retweet if you hate when you're almost sneezing , making that face , not sneezing , and looking like an idiot itsthin ...
nah , its the general consensus . Also , hes always like that .
I'm only watching the Oscars because rumor is , Billy Crystal is supposed to be the secret guest ...
Should've ended on Kevin McCarthy yelling , "" YOU'RE NEXT ! "" Oscars deathmontage
idiot CSR made me go back to security after printing a boarding pass "" because you need the initials on it to board the plane ""
Free Shout Color Catcher Sample
Im happy feelin glad I got sun chips in a bag
New Beals AC Blog The Greatest Example This week we continue with the sixth part ...
You think that when Charo is at home , she talks like a someone who has been smoking for 40 years ?
Crime and Courts : Representative turned away from Capitol : via
Is really rethinking everything , I need someone to prove that theyre worth my time
More truths about Walkers bill exposed ! Goddes help us if this is passed !
Both Purdue and the Pacers won . Good basketball day . BoilerUp
Happy Birthday its not midnight in utah yet so keep the party alive :) :)
I totally saw a red and white Edsel Villager on the way to work this morning . So cool .
same 10hr battery live ; same pricing starting from $ 499 iPad 2 apple
Love this ! u201cLet people write us off , weu 2019re still there . If you start to overlook us ,
Austin ! ( @ Pure Bikram Yoga )
Mike I has a cat . Now I like him even less , and I didn't know that was possible .
Bitacoras ! ! : S
Damn you coffee bean ! I asked for butter not cream cheese ! Now I have to eat a toasted bagels w / nothing on it :( cream cheese is gross .
I need to get my hands on some and tigerblood then I might start winning
I really need to get on buying these ... color 7001
Apparently the forecast for next Tuesday has no low , only a high weatherpredictionssuck
Goodmorning everyone good news for everybody who is tired TODAY'S FRIDAY YAYAY ! ! ! ! :D
what is best for first timer , do you watch the first 15 & then the whole episode , or wait and watch it all at once on the 17th .
I Just Won 10 Swag Bucks on www.swagbucks.com via swagbucks
ZodiacFacts Without direction , Leos can overly controlling . Their challenge , therefore , is to conquer their own power ...
haha we r like that walking home too
Son is watching the tape of last nights Smackdown yelling at the tv , reminds me so much of myself at 7 years old lol
Sorry friends had to rant , got people putting me down and it hurts , tired of the insults for what I can't help :(
Going around property all day filming a commercial w / Univision
Re-tweet if U support Fabulous 14 Dem Senators staying out of state no matter what ! WIUnion pu2026 ( cont ) ht ...
gave my 7 yr old the best birthday , her smile was the best reward
i have zero lectures ppl . and exam in 5 days and no itunes and no scribe notes jus might make me deck somebody . random man , woman , or child !
If you need another checkpoint towards Idiocracy , just look at Channel 11 ' s Wizometer .
For me , it was TAR , Holmes Inspection , and CA
Just witnessed the man with 4 wives claim that he's "" not a marrying man . ""
Top of Lowell bell tower with and Best view of campus
Photo : Fishbucket Metrocard ( 1999 )
Stop with the backstabbing bullsh * t , if you can't say it in front of my face , then shut the f * ck up .
Really bitch ? ? Therez no fucking room in the garage n u bring a fucking bike .. that wont b used .. Ur fat ass is already takin up enuff space ..
I am watching The Colbert Report ( via
but u need 2 get away from that now and then . Maybe I should find a job down there to give u a place 2 go . W / SOME form of rent ;)
Its Shrove Tuesday ! Who wants to go for pancakes tonight ?
awwww same here except we had to pick a state I got Massachusetts which is a good thing cause ive been ghere like 5 times : ...
Sorry , make that 11th - great .
Mysticism In Religion : Three Ways To View The Sunset via
Let me get back to you . I might need more than 140 characters .
Im addicted to peanut butter crackers
LOL I'm stil reluctant but now that I have started blogging - my own - and 4 others , finding it hard not 2 . We should talk soon
I am just so thankful that this is going to be my last night of studying for midterms ................. SO thankful .
Chuck Norris zerschneidet ein Messer mit einem Brot . Happy Birthday ChuckNorris .
Last midterm out of three this morning ! Aaaand GO !
Bball overload can't decide which game to watch
haha ! Everyyyythingg ! You name it ive been up to it :D hahha .
now its even more prized !
haven't heard a single siren out here . Hopefully the hotel is evacuating guests , they're right on the water !
Taking Nathan to school and then running to Parlier to get Christian's x-rays done .
Look at Northwestern taking the Fuckeyes into OT ! ! Go Wildcats ! ! OhioStateCheats
TGIF if you believe in that sort of thang .
nscyouth Giving a shout out to the Oconee County , SC Corps Cadets . You guys are awesome ! Have a great Youth Councils !
Im at Carneys w /
Too early to be at the airport
Check this video out - - T'melle - Ready for Love via
"" At my age , healthy aging is a fifth of whiskey , a fifth of rye and don't kiss the neighbors . "" grandpa butnotmygrandpa HAHAHAHA
fun ! I'm going to be home monday we should all hang out
Hey Marshall did you rush the floor ? MWC Champs ! Aztecs
Loving this time change , but my hubby is going to sleep until 10:00 or 11:00 .
Congrats to Bethany and Micah for their Duke win today .
Check out : Was Lost City of Atlantis Found in Spanish Marsh ? via
I feel like I'm a general in command of a great army who need to ready the artillery for intense combat but I've forgotten which side I'm on
Has there ever been less useful advice than "" Be careful "" ?
I just unlocked the "" Adventurer "" badge on
booo I work Friday ! Keep telling me though ill totally come out ! Is it a team or pick up ?
Find out how you can aid and donate to HelpJapan fb
I realized that I could save gas by going 50-53 instead of 55mph . It hurts my street racing pride too much when I get passed .. so forget it !
I voted for devCAT ( Nexon ) (< USER >) in Round 1 of March Mayhem Tournament ! escMM
prayersforannablue prayersforannablue please & thank youu !
ames's finest . Have fun at your pizza party !
No Republicans on Energy Committee Will Admit Climate Change Is Real ( via
Oh wow .. Its wednesday already .. O :
I think I need to replace mine soon too . Didn't realize they were that expensive . What's your mileage ? I'm coming up on 80k .
I'm slowly getting over that nonsense . Let the makeout club begin ! hahaha
I can't notice . I'm old enough to be his mother !
donate to animal rescue & recovery in japan : xoxo
I just unlocked the "" I'm on a boat ! "" badge on
My mother signs all her text messages , and signs them "" love mom "" which is kind of adorable ...
Sounds delicious . Can't wait for you to share with the class :)
I dont think I could live in a worse spot on St . Patricks day .. ,
EXACTLY "" Them otha chicks hate . I aint givin a WHUUUUT "" Niiice :) ( cont )
Even better than Ikea ? > > Make Your Own Furniture Out of a Giant Sticker !
- - From which LGA terminal does tomorrow's flight 5941 to Chicago leave ? The regular Delta Terminal or the Delta Shuttle ?
Im at Goose Island Clybourn ( 1800 N . Clybourn Ave , at Sheffield & Willow , Chicago ) w / 5 others
last game against the sixers . when u left the locker room . u said hello to D-Vanterpool n u bumped into me . Idk it was u :(
Makes you want to curl up in a ball and cry , doesn't it ?
Just posted a fresh post-show video interview with the senior class winners . Watch it on-demand now ! ( KSSong live at ...
Easy way to keep track of airline miles & other reward program points through Award Wallet -
Wow bad commercials keep cranking out , that Doritos commercial makes me never want to buy any again . Hand licking FTL / gross .
u201c @DfMcDaniel : Random but still awesome . / / great truth from one of my friends
working on lvlin my other wizs up now
slept on the couch , thoroughly enjoyed watching all our visitors trickle out this morning
Good luck to you - I'll be rooting for you !
It's people like you who are going to run me out of a job in less than 10 years . Needless to say , i'm in a really bad mood .
! He ran the this morning to raise $ for the Silverlake Conservatory of Music
my vote is for clueless
Mondays def are unique for me . ChurchHangover
Awesome dude . Please check your Facebook .
did my pastor say that outloud ... ? ? ?
girl if you arent cast at katniss in i definately wont watch it you are the best actress ever
i have never been to texas !
Ew that's gross . I'm sorry for your friend . I agree , get counseling .
Josh Kelley = some pretty good country music .
Do you ever wonder if your insides are all tea-stained like your cup ?
still waiting for my phone call hahah ;)
It's a whole lotta long hair , eyeliner and ABSOLUTELY NO GENDER ID WHATSOEVER . everyone's all "" BUTCH / FEMME , I DUNNO , BOTH ""
R . I . P . Elizabeth Taylor .
I need a printer ...
Imma have 2 tweet everyday until she notices that I got madd luv 4 her ....... Hope she notices this one ?
"" I'm in love with a 16 yr old . "" - For reals though me too . Mad Bieberfever after seeing never say never in 3D
"" Yeah it's been 19 days since I last text her , but it's not like I'm counting or anything "" - Me to Brandon
13 record companies suing Limewire for $ 75 Trillion . Planet's entire money supply is $ 75.75 trillion . ...
lo conoci en una pollada xdd
Eating your leftovers instead of throwing them away in a fit of rage = adulthood
Is Nicki Hacked ? < - - - - - - that's what I'm thinking ? ! ? !
I went to a fight and a hockey game broke out
6 ) It took me a few years to realize that the Starbucks logo was a mermaid .... whoopsie . 100factsaboutme
I'm at iCrossing Biergarten ( Tal 11 , Munich )
attempting to read this again . unsure of which side to start on .
Halfway through hour 8 . nbd 30HourFamine
I wish you'd come back to the WWE . Miss ya :)
el moreno mickel disfrasado !
I am SO excited for the new season Everything you do is amazing doworkson
laying in bed , listening to the ocean , reading a good book ! boy I could get used to this
Sorry I haven't been on much today teamminaj ! Visiting with my grandma !
So I lay on my bed tryin to decide if I shud take a nap or not . I decide not to nap . So then I try to decide wat to do . 2hrs later I wake up
is getting ready to fight Marco "" Soul-less "" Solis Ruiz . Este palea es para mi gente y me voy a ganar para mi gente . BROWNPRIDE
So this is The Megatome ? Is it absorbing ' linguistic thought transmissions ' ? Am I reading my thoughts as I'm thinking them ? Hmm ... sworcery
I live in Indiana lol
Just took my contacts out . Im blind . truelife
So happy Dionne Warwick got FIRED tonight on Celebrity Apprentice :)
u307eu3064u3052u3058u3083u306au304fu3066u7d30u9577u3044u307bu3053u308au3060u3063u305f ( u00b4uff65u03c9uff65 ` )
Retail Therapy ! ! ! ! ( @ Kohl's )
My brothers about to get Baptised IM VERY VERY PROUD OF HIM :D and hes older then me lol but still Love Him ! ! ! !
For some reason i want me some good ass wings shrugs tomorrow ....
Keep ya man at home ! ! !
so jealous . Moved to Phoenix two years ago and still never been to Vegas !
Lets just hope we make it through ...
Just finished first Active Release Technique session with Ryan Perkins , DC . Oh my goodness ! I may stop at the gas station for a bag of ice .
is LOVE u2665 Listen to his new song RIGHT NOW . :)
hp farias cuando pensara meter a orozco -.-
Not all of them !
played a song Good Times , Bad Times by Godsmack on Myspace
nope this guy is like late 20s ! !
Trying to get the hang of this fantasy baseball thing . Drafting at 8p m !
There's nothing more subtle than naming your restaurant the 4:20 Munchie Cafe .
ohhhhh fix katie's so it isn't locked anymore
Trying to find tickets to NYC tomorrow . Add this to the reasons I need my own private jet ...
Photo : I hate when decepticons punch holes straight through my chest .
NotifyMe keeps me sane . iPhone / iPad native that can be modified on Mac . Love that it prioritized the mobile experience .
Laur ... laur ... laur .... laur .. hey laur ... hey laur .... hey laur ... dink ... dinkface .... el dorko de mayo .... laur ... hey .. guess what ...
Its late , my mom and I are spending time 2gether , & Not going to bed until who knows lol :-)
Spending time WITH people is not the same as spending time ON people . The first is apparent to all .
Coffee ! ( @ McDonald's )
Mid-age actress : I saw you on tv - singing behind someone . Mid-age actor : Who's the boss ?
Hah ! Morality should be taught by parents , not the courts . I'm not afraid of the F-bomb or the big bad wolf !
I went through all 5 seasons in about a month . Guess I have no life either ... it's so addicting though .
FI Sales now has the new Lumen Stim LED Light Therapy Wands in stock & available for purchase . See www.fisalesllc.com / led_therapy to order .
Retweet if you don't knock on doors . You will call or text to let them know you're outside .
Thank you for noticing how awesome i am
Todos debemos creer en algo .. Yo CREO qe voy a beber hoy ..
Going to Vancouver for Season 5 of Eureka on Tuesday . I read the first 3 scripts and OMG I cant believe I get to be part of ...
From Variety : Julie Taymor fired from Charlie Sheen Torpedo of Truth Tour .
that looked brutal ! Glad you are ok !
Why thank you sir !
can't sleep and really wanted to listen to lifehouse but my ipods in my car sad
I feel annoyed by this week already . So annoyed .
He's exactly right . Georges St . Pierre - "" Jake Shields has won 15 fights in a row , but he hasn't fought me ""
WIN 1 of 3 HTC ThunderBolts for Verizon Wireless ! Follow and to Enter ! Ends April 7 . LTBOLT
Thanks guys . * sigh * weird freaking mix up . Dont know how it happened , but they gave us a hotel & flight tomorrow . ( no TDS tomorrow now )
yup .. it works for me :)
It may be easier for you to just show up and take control of t ... More for Scorpio
Good reminders for sponsorship sellers : How to Give a Memorable Sales Presentation
esa toche defensa es que no sabe rechasar o qe todos los balones los dejan hay mismo
Audio : u201ctogether we glow , but your loveu 2019s like a rainbowu 2026u201d from u201cIf Only You Were Straightu 201d by Molly Moore ...
RYAN FELSHAW IS HOMMMMME ! ! ! bestdayever literally
Aw , this big sprawling "" interview "" with Colin Quinn was edited down . There was more to the John Oliver story tds
Yoooo Dave i scored 0 can you help me any ? ? ?
yeah there's like 20 bands on a boat from Tampa to Cozumel . It's awesome and i look forward to it every year :)
tiro libre peligroso vamos Baru 00e7a
Outreach ... Beals Island style !
No cause I am over 6 feet tall its hard to get back up once you hit the floor lol
Still annoyed I missed the Spence lecture on my two favorite groups of people - - the Chinese and the Christians . MLISH sinologistproblems
"" My name is Dirty South Joe and I approve this message . ""
Watch the new ' ShaneDawsonTV ' (< USER >) Video : "" SHAKE-WEIGHT * FAIL * ""
Is God doing something awesome in your life ? We want to hear about it ! Share your story at : ...
Go get me a yob
I'm really hoping they don't go the Chloe route & make seem normal that her father isn't around like they with Gabe .
She said she asked him the same thing "" did you sell yourself on the corner ? "" He said ' I won't be able to sit right for the next few days '
Good Luck Vegas win win win win
Magic what do you think of Kobe maybe getting his 5th ring surplanting you ?
I absolutely love this weather , it feels amazing outside in Kentucky
FF my MGMResorts peeps near and far
i leave twitter tonite thanking everyone that visited the website this month and pushed your "" like "" button , i see ya , much love
The NYC crowd is talking over He can barely speak . He says nick cage coined "" goddess "" ahh ? Greek mytho ...
I've played it on there . XD It's a bit different from the original computer game , but still fun . = 3
Star Wars marathon . That puts a smile on my face .
Nasty weather with warnings galore !
Please PAC sun , call them shirts , not men's tops ...
casey blake is a hugebitch . what a shitty way to end the game padres fuckthedodgers
If you take things personally you will feel offended for the rest of your life
SOMAYA REECE FT . XO-WOULD YOU STILL LOVE ME [VIDEO] - http://carltonjordan.com / 2011/04 / 08 / somaya-reece-ft-xo-would-you ...
I got a few of those . I block them unless I can find some follower that we both have .
Finally home ... that lil weekend "" vacation "" was just wht me n my baby needed ( @ The In-Lawz Place )
Procrastinating for my last Speech by studying for PCATS ... Its better than nothing :-)
Que nos alejemos de las personas que mu00e1s queremos no significa que las dejemos de querer . LaCrudaVerdad
Kind of symbolic of how the band I saw has left a lasting impression on me maybe ?
Yeah , Doug agrees with your comment . ;) I'll get there eventually . He just saw this and said "" I've tried a few times ! ""
great to see the friarhood and TEAMLATOS represented on the big screen at Petco !
Kings Medical Center must of been shot at the Keola La'i building in Kakaako . H50
First live twiw demo last night for the new potential album ... finishing vocals on a new non album song on Thursday . howtwiwrolls
are you getting your hair done for jr / sr
realmen & realwomen don't just talk , they take action 2 fight Child Sex Slavery : see our action tab on Fb ...
Awwh kayla i love you too ! Hahahaha
It is just way too much fun . I apologize kind of .
Dying .... I want to go home ... so very very bad .... ( @ El Paso Community College - Northwest Campus w / 2 others )
Not pumped games were cancelled Saturday . Now I get to run the fitgers 5k at 9 am instead of chewing and watching some ball
Nothing will keep this heart from beating . I'm still breathing .
Haha . You know things are awkward when your mom calls your boyfriend hot ... yep hes never meeting her . O_o
It's Official ! www.mamiestoffee.com is open for business . Please stop by and check us out , buy some treats and tell all your friends !
I wish people would stop saying that the writers are doing Cless because they love the ship & have always wantu 2026 ( cont )
People trying to strike up awkward convos at the gate . Still half an hour until my flight . Praying for non awkward seating arrangementsss !
Glee is allegedly covering Rebecca Black's ' Friday ' on the show . I hope Sue Sylvester punches everyone in the face .
Okayy so now im fucking this 16 year old . Well says this jealous whore . Thats a niew record for me ! :D
Worst part about cutting my thumb-deciding which Band Aid to use - SpongeBob , Ariel , Tweety Bird or Harry Potter . Guess which one I chose ;)
Photo : ohu 2026 my yes , please
Glad I made it in time for a dank domlete
gears 3beta , , please
I am ! :) About to head over to Hot Topic at the Main Place Mall in Santa Ana . Who's coming to hang out ?
We own them all ! * LOVE * it !
athens bound tomorrow ? okaaay finnnne twist my arm
It's almost like I didn't miss 2 Flogging Molly concerts in 1 month with you and
Go Bulls ! You can do it ! ! D Rose for MVP !
Riding coasters today . Gotta love the thrill of the wooden coasters and the fear of falling to my death .. Almost
ok donty for get to shave ur balls if u want bj
( solo fist in air ) my man ! :)
Whew , in the last few months I've written 7 songs ! It feelsgood to get my emotions down then be able to turn it into music . I missed it !
I loved how when elijah got kicked out and we went out with him . And when justin picked me up JOn goes : GETT SOME then starts humping the air
Too bad you're not in Wisconsin ! You wouldn't need that air conditioner .
As inconvenient as it is , I'm thankful I have the bus to take me where I need to go .
LMI Le secteur mobile et le cloud computing sont en train de changer la fau 00e7on dont les du00e9veloppeurs travaillent ...
jk ! Same as before maybe with a touch more or a violet pop
My ear is still popping . Soooo strange ! !
as a disenfranchised freak , don't help us , don't give us proper due don't try to stick up for us . Pleasing you means we're doing it wrong .
Who delivers pens to colleges ? The Bic man on campus !
Thank you Denise ! !
I'm still waiting for my basketball invitation .... the best part of dodgeball is the pre-dodgeball coctails
En mestalla fue donde se consolido el llamado Dream Team de Cruyff .. Buenos augurios para el Baru 00e7a ! !
THIS is Austin . [ Great photos ] Viewing photos in our Flickr Group makes us happy .. <URL>
I dont like the mets but I like him
the point is moo . It's like a cow's opinion , it doesn't matter . - Joey Tribbiani
Day 3 going strong ... down 7lbs ( water weight ) still have 20lbs till pre-preg weight :-)
El barcelona aplicara una tactica "" anti-pepe "" . Aceleracion y sacar la pelota a las bandas a un toque o 2 ..
Oversteeped green tea is the worst !
new internet filters at work block FoD , the Onion , and certain sections of reddit , but not Cracked or Netflix to name a few
i am listing to his music always keep me rocking while i am working longggggggg hours
My Disney vacation starts in 142 days , 15 hours and 40 minutes ! To get your own countdown clock go to
I'd like a or whedon character named after me , "" Random Asian Guy "" or "" Asian Guy 1 "" doesn't count .
Brooke : "" I want to be in love ! "" Dan : "" You have to get bangs . That's the ticket . Elbee had bangs .... Teri has bangs ... ""
So bored . Sigh ... Any 1 wanna chat on BBM ?
my mom just called carrie and i bitches and said "" want me to start acting my color ? "" differentstrokesfordifferentfolks
Sorry . No , really I'm not . I feel relieved now that I cleaned up my "" following "" list . No more reading / ignoring bullshit tweets .
My boss is an idiot . She lost a check written out to cash & doesnt have the customers to get them to stop it . Looks like were out $ 450
Mattingly's got the Dodgers headed in the right direction . Think Blue !
Boston is up by 20 over the Knicks ... yeah boyyyyyy ! ! !
: Did I got lost with the bootstrap . Do I need that prog ?
I'm out in the desert wishin I was home lol .. itz all good ! ! Ur tweetz make me smile most of the time haha .. wht was in van horn ? ?
is hoping the public is less bitchy at work today
final del partido Barcelona 2 ( villa , messi ) - 0 osasuna ... a media maquina y mojaron los que necesitabamos que se reencontraran con el gol
Long time , no see , vato ! ( @ Fuzzy's Taco Shopu 200e )
hmm . I actually really like the armor detail , but her face and skimpy-clothingness are a little too anime for me .
yea ! Mutt Strutt is soon :)
Havin lunch mawmaws house ... yummerz ! ! ! !
: Almighty Thor - Trailer
Time for sleep . After nine days off I'm excited to have work tomorrow !
when you see a fellow american down and out espeically a fellow american suppose to help yall bitches talking about
Buenisima la portada de de hoy "" 11CAMPEONES AL BERNABEU "" el Baru 00e7a ira a madrid con un euipo de super Cracks ! !
no maam ... not one ! ! Its all us folks ! !
No , about midday and then some after I complained about it , the issue resolved itself , trouble loading the login screen .
seems lik all my followers wanna get fat
There are things wrong with you which I cannot even begin to describe . -
How about "" fuck you "" ? Not the song , seriously fuck you . "" @KimKardashian : Downloading songs on itunes ! Any other suggestions ? ? ? ""
Confidence is up for small and med manufacturing ! Priorities inclde sustainability & bringing sourcing back to N America ht ...
L33go ! ! ! ! !
I wondering if the PSN for the US will get Mega Man Legends 2 . Obviously when its up again of course .
ha okay i'll try to prepare myself :)
Tonight's ' Glee ' = happy . Where was this show when I was in high school ? And Chris Colfer singing ' As If We Never Said Goodbye ' ? LOVE .
Pull it together Hornets !
NLRB invites amicus briefs on employee witness statements . . . and you know what that means !
I'd love to go to africa ! Ummm you could go to some random woods on the side of the road or something
seats sold out for MMRBQ but wmmr is offering lawn tix 6 for the price of 4 ! Check it out :)
Ok I can post this now that he's found it ... Scott thought he lost his wallet n that puddle ... it was on the kitchen shelf
we got a tornado watch right now . Already had one this week wtf when did VA turn into tornado alley ?
yes and i cant wait and i cant wait to do the pvt ghost hunt either sooooo working alot of over time
I watch the news to hear real news ... not all this junk about the royal wedding . seriously
I just unlocked the "" JetSetter "" badge on
Beautiful tribute post . All the best to your guild and your guildmate's family .
Hey everyone , don't forget karaoke Waldo's Mililani this Saturday . Come out and have yourself a good time !
ok ... you have the most beautiful smile on earth ... you can just light up a room with your positive spirit
Bengal's drafted AJGreen ... I like .... NOW .. * sighs * Sad to say , get lost , Palmer . Find QB replacement .
now i'm getting the urge to watch four weddings and a funeral . probably more fun than this , huh ?
It was . She's very elegant . I thought I was immune , too , but there's just something about a princess story . ;)
Tickets purchased for in Nashville ! So excited !
School's almost over for today
What are your thoughts on Andy Dalton ?
they'd take more care in the telling that story than what they did on Smallville .
MANY will take Christ as Savior but FEW will take him as Lord . Vance Havner AServantsGuide
Volunteering around Forest Lake today , worn out and crispy but glad to be helping .
final blow out of the year ! classapalooza
you are a late tweeter prof bong
There's still one more opportunity to catch the message this week at all Barefoot Church locations . Tune in now ! www.barefootchurch.com
thatz where u belong ! ! ! Lol
If it wasn't 3 am when we got home and we had to get up early and drive an hour plus to see his family ... who knows lol !
Vota para que veamos EnMaracaibo a nuestra Vinotinto Vs ESPAu 00d1A en el PACHENCHO ROMERO el 1ero de Junio ...
I never thought anything would rule the Facebook news feed more than people angry at snow , but apparently Bin Laden death takes the crown .
I just always end up feeling like I'm making fun of a bunch of special needs kids . whyIdon'twatchFoxNews
It's a party in the USA !
I haven't had this much fun watching FOX news since election day , 2008 .
I agree . I was at The Hummus Bar and the whole restaurant got silent when it was announced .
These things speak , and exhort , and rebuke with all authority . Let no man despise thee . Titus 2 KJV 400
JASMINE WONT LET ME BORROW HER MAGIC CARPET BECAUSE SHES AFRAID ILL MUNCH ON IT ? GURL , UPPER ARM TATTOOS MEAN IM A B ...
ves lo que nos deja las malas juntas ! ! ! ! !
I'm so sick of these fucking hackers . If they are SO "" talented "" why not go after something more important and beneficial than PSN ?
Wilhelmina Rise is back up but the lightning is almost constant now .
I'm at Tazewell Va ( Tazewell )
Hungry but don't know what I want lol .
Dead phone without a charger in sight ... shit's about to get real .
Can I don't go to work today ? Yawn ~ ~ ~
Zomg got a free dodgers fanny pack hahaha
Does anyone know of a super fantastic and fast way to send large email attachments ? This is going to take FOREVER . AGH .
New on DSM :: Popular Science Magazine FREE Subscription
I have had a web hosting business since 2000 . $ 50 / year for tons of space and bandwidth . Contact me if interested . I really need xtra income .
: Neues aus dem Hause Troma !
My favorite automobile goes up for auction May 15th . Dear GEN 11 ( aka Chitty ) , hope you go to a good home .
Yes hunny they got me and a friend of mine today in the same area they suck really bad . I was so upset .
Dear "" smoke assist "" , I don't need help smoking . I got this .
Cinco de mayo lunch . Heyyo
Oh good , depression is back . I was wondering how long that whole happy thing would last ...
It tastes great in Coke !
Give me 2 more years and Ill get it
oh yeah , definitely !
Time for the weekly grocery trip and to buy my DS his surprise ! Shopping
Edelstoff (< USER > Gu00e4rtnerplatz )
33 Worst Band Names in History
thank u for letting me pick you brain just want to make sure i bring another $ $ $ for the pct hunt thanks
Final Fantasy fans ! here is an update for Final Fantasy Type - 0 Screenshots and Artwork . FinalFantasy
if u smoking please smoke one for me please i need some badddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd
get paid to curb stomp haters in tha face , a bitch though when i got to get the blood off my boots . GearsofWar
Red lobster with my parents for Mother's Day :D LOVE YOU MOMMY :)
That tree that goes way underground to the core is my favorite one there at RT - >
Yo ... I just saw you at the fight on TV . LUCKY !
- Sweet Mother of God - I've discovered
Happy Mothers Day 2 A Wonderful Mother 2 Her Children Mrs . @rebeccakcrews
Seriously , nobody has any business shopping today unless it's for a last minute Mother's Day gift . Seriously
anyone wanna help me get 10 more followers ?
Not really looking forward to the finale right now . I'm back to being terrified that they screw things up .
Only one month til Can't wait til I'm dancing in the Tennessee sun with 80,000 wonderful people :)
thanks for bringing me food ! You guys made my Monday fantastic ! Have a safe and fun trip to D . C . :)
But she's 200 % sure even though she's been on the show before .
graduation ... The girl in front of me is about 30 y . o . , has a baby , and the most severe eating disorder I ( cont )
ha nope ! today i went to mt . carmel to help with field day & tomorrow im gonna go to pigeon forge . good reasons for skipping
i didnt see oomf 2day
This was after I only had like two or three hours of sleep the night before and made it a point to stay up all day so I'd be tired tonight .
Attention Paula Abdul : "" Making the bed "" and "" stealing the covers "" are not opposites - they are completely unrelated activities . Please fix .
Why do doctors insist on making their exam rooms colder than the Artic circle ? ! I'm sick ! Don't give me hypothermia too !
ChildHoodMemories Super Smash Bros . for the N64
If you want to make money online that isnt a scam , try this !
I want a Supreme Sk8 Deck to roll up on
I watched Tru calling , but back then I was more into the O . C . Though that was partly because I hated SV during Season 3 .
Last night's storms were scary .
It's a great feeling when u get back in contact with close friends that u have not seen or heard from in years ! I should have been a PI !
comeonout from hiding Palin & Have your say on a non-republican network bebrave
Understandable . We all just have to poke fun at you . It's what friends do :)
watching the celtics .. hopefully not for the last time this season
From the Archive : Making Photoshop Selections More Visible in Screenshots . photoshop
I LOVE the radio show u rock
Check out Lisa N . on Jamba Juice Ambassadors of WOW contest !
: "" Charlie bit my finger "" - Zombie-Kurzfilm als Promo
Georgians are great people . represent
Today I'm hiding behind my hair and my sunglasses .
This country needs to clean the wax out of their ears if they voted Haley over James !
Zoo Tycoon 4 lyfe .
One final down ... one more to go !
Deals & Checkin Specials Not Free Enough ? You Might Like This New Service
I'll have to check into that . Sounds good !
I just opened a magazine & there is a pic of Renee Zellweger looking like she is smelling something nasty or taking a bad poop . Always does .
A visit : Jonathan Papelbon , David Ortiz , Harold Reynolds of
and Pappelbon beat the evil empire .. if the Dogs hold then all is well w the world
FREAKIN TREES , MAN . And its not so bad . Theyll be finished replacing the roof around the end of June .
Happy Saturday ! Yay for week of abnormally long meetings being over .
You know your in the boonies when the wedding reception is around a roasted pig in the ground .
I know ! ! ! ! I wasn't going to quit ! It usually just takes me 2 hours max to shop ! So today was kinda of torturous .
My parents are facebook offish nobigdeal
hello-im-sexy asked : Hey Mars ! This ^ ^
Late bloomers : Sounds like something they put on the corpse when it's being prepped for a public viewing .
meat loaf . He is a good player but you and John Rich should go to final two . I do like lil John too though .
My bro told me about Twitter when it first came out . And I laughed at him , and the concept . But here I am . In my face , I guess .
its not a good point tho
The two dunks by Gibson tonight were some of the best I've seen all season . Not bad for a bench player . ;) fb
yeah the picture kinda looks that way but there not
Donald Trump not running for president
thx Gurly the kind words are helping 2 lol but thx luv u lots ! ! !
If I said even half the things I am usually thinking , I would be the biggest bitch ever . SGP
curled up on my dry , non-sandy couch with a blanket and a cup of coffee while reading my ecuador preparation guide . bestdaytonadetox
raw I wonder what tag team is next on Kane and Big Show's hit list ... if there's any left
But again , there's certain foods I just can't bring myself to eat , no matter how much everyone seems to want me to . =\ \
people even stalk you on there ?
Seattle sells lots of sunglasses ... because people lose them in between infrequent uses .
que mala onda lo que esta pasando a kalimba ... tiene todo mi apoyo . pero solo conocemos una parte de los famosos no creenn ..
Just finished listening to new song , Hair . It's awesome .
okay , see if you can spend the night either of those nights ?
need to bring your tour to Tuscaloosa's new ampitheater . Raise money for tornado victims and Im sure you'll get a warm welcome .
Alice : Madness Returns Screenshots AMAZING ! ! via
God damn , i walk away for a few minutes and this is what I come back to . A million new tweets between you two ;)
I am watching No Strings Attached NoStringsAttached
Steve Maraboli and I talk about "" My Soul Pages "" tomorrow at Noon EDT
Cant wait for tomorrow ! Very special day and sweet magnolia cafe :) ) ) )
How does James Franco go to this many graduate schools ?
Anonymous asked : Hi . Iu2019m a dog and I need to bury my bone .
Off to the big D for a long weekend . Woot !
Fashion show today ! Excited to see our work on the runway !
Photo : u203a [ DOCTOR WHO EPISODE GRAPHICS ] u2605 ELEVEN u21b3 the eleventh hour
WHY WOULD ANYONE WANT TO DECORATE CUPCAKES TO LOOK LIKE VAGINAS ? REALLY ! ?
Stuck in fucking traffic ... wtf ... y didn't I just take the way I wanted ... fuck u GPS ! ! ! ! ! ! !
dude you should come up ! Let's surf next week ?
And the day has begun ... excited about the shoot this am ... running on about 4 hours .... pray for Chip as he compu 2026 ( cont )
Android users can deposit paper checks via camera phone to PayPal as well now !
if you see this one you might like it
Shake it for the camera Owen . AB
I may get home from DC by the time we have to leave tomorrow . Maybe I should have stayed down here .
First campus snake encounter today and I almost peed my pants . Please have your sniper next time , Thanks .
Amazed at how many people say they have goals in life but never give themselves a deadline . Recipe for failure .
what time is Carl headed back to the track from Iowa or is that top secret lol !
An entrepreneur who ditched corporate life to open a string of coffee shops . INSPIRING & Awesome .
The light of day is a wee bit BRIGHT ! !
I personally believe that rock n roll is just as much a frame of mind and attitude as it is a musical style . Rebellion .
Therefore , I will ! ! ! !
Learned the word "" trap "" today from my landlord . He was telling me "" beautiful women are a trap ! ""
Also , whats up with the strange background on my computer ? confused
Video : sonic-setting - 24601 :
Jean Seberg is gorgeous .
to prove that it isn't the big 2.5 ?
Packing for Europe , watching Battlestar Galactica , drinking Newcastle
Why do I waste my time at school ? pointless
Math error may have led to Rapture date miscalculation , says church . Sect regrouping , seeking Asian members . GoForthAn ...
Why is CharlieSheen like the Greek goddess Athena Nike ? Because they're both winning .
Heads of lions : Rar .
fezzes-are-cool : DUE TO LAUGHTER AND FLAILING , Iu2019VE JUST HURT MYSELF TWICE .
i BETTER not hear anyone say theres a drought this year !
I know you can , I know you can !
your twitter is fucking genius
love your new profile pic . Beautiful !
This was probably long over due . I think I'll like this a lot more than Facebook .
Keith Bogans silently shutting down Wade
Happy belated birthday to Madelynn . Loved the cake & her outfit was adorable !
A little bit about me ... in Bosnian :)
Our flight keepz getting delayed later n later ... this blowz ...
Crazy stuff .. Volkswagen cooks up an edible print ad . Mmm , tasty .
so thats your typw hu zak lmao
We're in Napa bitchez ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Seriously ? Where ! I dont even care if the dispenser is still half full . The cherry soap NEEDS to go . If only for my mental health .
Dammit ! Where are my headphones ? Hate riding the train w / o my ipod to tune out the world ...
yeah I knw but down here they go off if the wind gets to high never knw if its wind or tornado
Photo : u203a time can be rewritten .
I love when people ignore me :) ) its wayyyyyyyy awesome ! ! Keepitup
Baby , Ur back pocket must have a phone b'cuz that ass is calling me !
Thank you for the Mickishickietrickies . savedmylife avoidedscandal & embarrassment toobadhedidntcovertherahhh woofwomp
FF a que llega hoy a incendiar Chi-town ! "" Borrachona ... Parrandera ""
watch The Notebook with a room full of girls or play Modern Warfare with a whole bunch of guys ? i choose option 2
I love how some people treat raids as serious business . I hope the game never becomes more important then my real life .
More beers ! ! ! ! ! ! :-D ( @ Lagunitas Brewing Co . w / 2 others )
So sexy and so mine
Best part about being awake right now , ZENON ! ! !
Selfish ! ! ! Let some other fans have some time with her . :)
abparty abpleader Glenn Taylor 1st ballot victory 665 votes .
My coworker has convinced me to go out tonight on the basis of giving me a ride AND wearing a bowtie . He already knows me so well .
Told my wife not to buy anymore furniture UNTIL we get the new house ! HurtBackNotFun
UNPOPULAR OPINION ? OH GOD I'D HOPE NOT . - IAN SOMERHALDER AND KAREN GILLAN DO NOT MAKE A GOOD CRACKSHIP ....
Home with fever . Watching Hope From Above
just spend 2 hrs laying out in the pool , getting very dark finally and so loving it ! ! ! ! now time to cook dinner & spend time on wiz 101
Dont worry , they dont eat much . Unless your in texas ...
La taza OFICIAL del cafeveloz conseguila ya mismo , no t duermas y clavala al u00e1ngulo elprogramadefantino
i was occupied for a sec , now im bored again
Will Rick Perry Run ? Only He and His Hairdresser Know ... [Politics] in stuffiwrite
Next week the lovely Vh1s Love and Hip Hops 06/10 this is a must hear ! Her music , ...
Is loving the scrapbook :)
wwe THERE YOU GO NIKKI GET HER
I dont think Im going to try it . I rec ( cont )
damn . I knew that one ! Stupid phone issues . Couldn't log on again last night . Great movie . Love the directional light scene .
French oral exam ... should i be nervous ? cause im really not ...
How to Find the Right Copywriter - Funny and so true but what should we call them ?
Vote for in the BizBash Readers ' Choice Awards via
I get the feeling you have a record or something coming out soon . lol . Of course you do . Can't wait ! !
u r sooo right cuzin im getting addicted man fuckfacebook.com lol ) ): :
Notiz an mich : Mitten in der Nacht aufstehen und NBA Finals gucken ist eine shice Idee . fb
Do people not know "" wuz "" and "" waz "" are the exact same length of "" was ? "" dummy
I feel lik i got 3 shades darker standing outside
I have cavities ... I can seeee them :/
ED / head thief Neal Myrick of spoke about how the next 10 yrs is the most impt of the next 10,000 . svpspringmeeting
Christine Chew of CAN talks about months long search for diverse , qualified candidates . I know where you can find them svpspringmeeting
i've still never had nutella ...
why do you say that ?
You can't really make a decision because both portions add bring something to table and are ultimately better together .
and Hunted kind of starts off bad , but then actually becomes great , in ways I didn't expect.To o bad I can't write reviews on here .
French inspired date night ! Cafe du Jour and Cirque du Soleil .
Niggas must think i be lying when i say i dont wanna be with them anymore , tf u keep askin me for ?
going to sleep early for once ! yay
Hold on ... this week is almost over ? ? Not sure whether to rejoice or account for what happened in this blank-of-an-eye .
Thats NKOTBSB ! Lol !
"" If he were to punch you in the face , youu 2019d have to fight off the urge to thank him . "" mostinterestingmanintheworld
mmm no ! ! ! ! Make everyone put in 10 bux
I'M TOO DISTRACTED I'M SORRYYY
2600 tweets tyler ? Lol I don't think u tweet enough ....
Too tired to actually sleep . I'll be the maid of honor with the converse on and dark circles under her eyes .
Hopping on this plane to the homeland balti
But ... but ... how am I supposed to bail you out of jail if I'm in handcuffs , too ? !
Cause that's how I beat Shaq . Your childhood has just come back .
let's go ! ! ! ! 31 is coming ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
said it best ... imma punk , i could not follow through with my plan
No Ibiththththththza , too expensive .
Softball game was less exciting than I expected .. maybe next time I will actually play ?
Soo Im done with high school . What the fuck do I do now ?
Reese "" Robert Mother fucked "" xdd Mtv MovieAwards . Lo maximo
Either its terrible or its genius . I DONT KNOW WHATS REAL ANY MORE .
in the 18 days you've had twitter i've mentioned you 38 ( now 39 times so 2.2 tweets at you day . & now we text in . loveyou
that happens to me all the time ! I'm like um .. didn't I text you about this already ? nope , that was a dream !
BREAKING : Anthony Weiner is human and subject to screwing up . hebrokenolaws moveon resignwhenvitterdoes
Guys shut up ! The Hobbit has to rock my face off ! hobbitlover
Time for you to get back on Twitter & give us some insight .
So I will admit that playing an elven fighter has not been all bad so far , of course its low level and I know most of these quests well .
Don't worry , I'll come and keep you some company . :)
Popular idea ! ( @ Shine Express Carwash 3 )
Pros of workn near the F & B office ... treats delivered 2 UR desk . Chocolate-covered strawberrys & creme brulee !
Ryan Clements is the WORST , most AMATEUR critic . Just reading his reviews shows how bad of a gamer he is , and how clueless he is too .
well , that's the church for ya ...
Charlie Flint at Alley Kat cask night Best beer Ive had all week ! ( And Ive had some pretty good beers this week )
Torah Talmud Eruvin 64a - b , walk 1 mile to neutralize the effects of wine , 3 miles to destroy the effects of Italian ...
Awesome perspective . Made me feel much better about my day as well .
Nothing deflates a good mood quicker then looking at your bank account after paying the bills .. / broke .
That should be "" at the altar . "" Alter means "" to change . ""
Dinner with the Greytaks and Van Harps . ( @ Cafe Brazil )
I seriously miss you everyday I don't see you . truefact . loveyougirl
I took a dump in the front yard .
Showing Vancouver what its like to play fair ! Love it !
Tekken : Blood Vengeance u2013 Trailer
mmmm . Jimmy johns ! I love the garg ! What u gettin ?
I still can't locate the free 30 days of playstation plus on my PSP . I've looked in the account manager and welcome back .
1 "" yes "" from God trumps 1,000 , 000,000 , 000 human "" nos . "" Pleasantries .
I can't agree more .
Contrary to popular belief , I like training with I swear .
Please RT : "" 20 yr . old , missing student since 6/3 , Help FindLauren . PLEASE RT : follow on ...
fridayreads Just started The Hunger Games
tantas cosas que hacer ! :/ nomegusta
Local Yokel Happy Hour today 5-6 P ! Free pizza & Eegees ! The livest localist rawk - The Italian Beegees ! h ...
Okay you doing your thing . The things change , you plain Jane . I'm diverse . I save the world second , and I get high first . ~ Wasted
So annoyed with this stupid essay . I can't think anymore and brain is going to explode :( TheArticlesofConfederation
Hoy voy a vivir sin ti
BIG WORDS GABONGHI BIG WORDS hooopeyoudo I'm still totes coming to see u guys nxt thurs isweariwontflake happybdaybeebz
Dammit got caught staying up
Getting my hair done !
Im doing good other than another boring weekend . I need to get out and see a concert or something . How have you been ?
wow you're crazy lol ! ! !
send some rain over here . Its raining all around here and all we get is sprinkles :(
Why oh why oh why am I still awake at this hour ? gradpartymadness
If you want to hang about , we may still wind up dragging you into the fray . We're doing "" The Lies Authors Tell "" as tropes .
Coke icee from burger king . yum hotandsunnydays
ahah ! You should ! I deleted all my club numbers lol
Your welcome . Thanks for following me too . Im just Shannon :)
Alright , jokes over heat . You can start trying anytime now ...
Is Bosh in Lebricks arms now ? ? ? ? ? lol
Ahhhh ! ! ! ! ! ! Really ? ? ? That's the one I wanted really badly ! Daebak win ! ! ! ! XD
And note , this is ME , for once , advocating NOT USING EXPLOSIVES . How weird is this conversation ?
Arm pain from the 10,000 shots I just got is totally valid though . 10,000 . Dear god my poor arms .
Maybe I should sell it and get an acoustic . Since I moved I dont have anyone to jam with .
its not the yelling in caps getting on my nerves its the beggers for the new packs had to delete a few yesterday
agreed u201c <USER> : Communication , Trust , Loyalty , Honesty , Respect for 1another , Commitment , Sacrifice , & Attraction = A great relationship
About to watch Toy Story 2 . Been a while since I've seen it .
Christopher Hitchens feels the tap of Death on his shoulder . Video debate :
Messed up Mickey D's order leads to the consumption of a week's worth of carbs . I'm one bagle away from a much plumper ass ! silverlining
I wonder if JC Penny's will have a setup bar ?
Well whatever it is , I'm looking forward to it ! Thanks for the love , guys !
Im thinking I want another tattoo or 2
lol thanks so far so good no one asking yet ! !
how'd the set go ? Wish I could have made it out ! Hope the rest of the night is nuttts
it would be cool to run into a youtube celeb when i go next week
Daleks ? Cybers ? Worlds largest 3D anamorphic street painting in the Canary Wharf district of London .
well that only took an hour and a half ! My planted tank is now full of cory eggs . My loach tank is becoming a cory tank .
Amazing A wall in Germany that plays music when it rains !
I made this image in admiration of Melissa McEwan ( @Shakestweetz ) for her blog on rapeculture . Please retweet ! ...
Fuck . This explosion in Texas . An arrest reportedly made in ricin letters . Fuck . This week . Fuck .
Seriously tho ' RE : Legislative Zombies like CISPA . They're often stronger when they come back from the dead . Underestimat
DEAR HISTORY CHANNEL : These "" alien visitors "" specials y'all keep doing to explain how black and brown folks made things ? Ti
Ok best buy , I'm not looking for unicorn here , I just want a flat screen TV that doesn't take up half my desk . For Atari FFS , 1 ' is fine !
End up prying q-tip out of bottle w / clip that suddenly looks very much like a plague maskor maybe I just inhaled too much polish remover
Is "" form designer "" a job ? Cuz I could do that , assuming I wasn't designing them for FUCKING IDIOTSright , never mind
Currently there are estimated 140,000 IDP's in the path of cyclone , HRW estimates 17,000 have no shelter fr cyclone . TSOne
I hid my tail from my dates . It was a family trait on my father's side , but not all women were as understanding as my m
GTMO 17 Guantanamo hunger strikers haven't eaten in 100 days , have been met w / torture eg forcefeeding
We anons may talk a lot of shit about fox news , but I will stand and defend their right to report news without threat from th
At least it isn't smoking ? My first computer went up in smoke after I installed a new drive upside down ( OS was dead anyways )
that's less absurd than it sounds , raccoon hair is used in some paint brushes - - Holds up well
UPDATE : Oklahoma is now battling two tornadoes - one has hit 50 mph while the other has topped 100 mph :
The most important element in a picture cannot be defined . - Pierre-Auguste Renoir quote
Well Anonymous noticed , SolidarityTurkey WeAreGezi
I mean for fuck's sake , we "" detain "" people without charge , spy on our own citizens , and sic riot police on peaceful pr
argh , considering where it is , it's a side effect of walking funny . This is why I wear heeled boots , I can't roll my ankles in em
A TERF / cis supremacist is going through all my tweets about how much they suck and manually retweeting them & amp ; calling
. @CounterPunchOrg publishing contact info w / o permission is deplorable , stop endangering trans * people and remove her info !
"" Anxiety is love's greatest killer . "" Anais Nin
It's almost ff right ? Surely it is in other timezones the poems , they are good Thanks for listening to my poems , twitter .
Puppy , viciously attacking a human .
87 % of LGBTQ murders in 2011 were POC . 45 % of those murders were trans women .
This Is What Conservative Media Think A Transgender Woman Looks Like
Queen Mary 2 berthed in Red Hook in Brooklyn , NY today after crossing the Atlantic from Hamburg , Germany & amp ; Southampton , England
MS Veendam sails on a 7 day Signature of Excellence cruise to her Front Street berth in Hamilton , Bermuda at 5 pm today .
Explorer of the Seas sails on a 7 day cruise to Kings Wharf in Bermuda at 5 pm this afternoon .
Thank you for best wishes . Hope you are OK . Phone driving me nuts .
Sandy Relief Workers Find Spartan Lodging , Right on the Water
Norwegian Gem sails on a 9 day Free Style cruise to St . Thomas and other Caribbean ports at 4:30 pm this afternoon .
Thank you for following me .
Oceania Marina arrived at Pier 90 on Manhattan's west side in NY City this morning enroute to England from the Caribbean .
Thank you for following me .
Celebrity Summit sails on a 14 day cruise to Sydney , Nova Scotia and other Canadian and New England ports at 5 pm today .
Norwegian Breakaway sails to Nassau in the Bahamas and Port Canaveral , FL on a 7 day Free Style cruise after 3 pm today .
Norwegian Breakaway sails to Nassau in the Bahamas & amp ; Port Canaveral , FL on a 7 day FreeStyle cruise after 3 pm today .
Deadline Looms in Panama Canal Expansion Dispute via
Norwegian Breakaway returned to Pier 88 on Manhattan's west side in New York City from the Bahamas earlier today .
Delta Queen to leave Chattanooga , TN - - Times Free Press
MS Sagafjord leaving Hamilton , Bermuda in May , 1994 throwbackthursday
Canival Splendor returned to Pier 90 in NYC today . She sails on a 7 day FunShip 2.0 cruise to Canada & amp ; New England after 4 pm .
Norwegian Gem returned to Pier 90 in Manhattan , NY from the Caribbean today . She sails on a 10 day Eastern Caribbean cruise after 4 pm .
Ship Photo Three Grand Queens meet in Southampton , England via
Carnival Splendor returned to Pier 90 in NYC today . She sails on an 8 day FunShip Eastern Caribbean cruise after 4 pm .
Tropical Storm Erika alters South Florida cruise ship itineraries | Wx / Traffic - Home
Norwegian Breakaway returned to Pier 88 in NYC today . She sails on a 7 day FreeStyle cruise to Kings Wharf in Bermuda after 4 pm .
Thank you for following me .
Poor piloting occurs on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean - - Drunken Captain Gets Vessel Stuck in Germany
Thank you for following me .
S / S Rotterdam from 1959 viewed from Queen Mary 2 on 30 May 2010 ThrowbackThursday
Yesterday I stated Carnival Sunshine was sailing on a 7 day cruise to Canada when she was actually sailing on a 7 day Bermuda cruise .
Mary on time ... https://t.co / xkEzi 9lw2U
Norwegian Breakaway sailing from New York City on 19 February 2017
Thank you for following me .
Silver Whisper arrived at Pier 88 in NYC today . She sails after 5 pm on a 1 - way cruise to New England & amp ; Canada that ends in Montreal , PQ
Norwegian Jade arrived at Pier 88 in NYC today . She sails on an 11 day one-way FreeStyle 2.0 cruise to Miami , Florida after 4 pm .
Supposed to be in the high 70s tomorrow but the way whitmer set up idk how to dress
I be wanting to fight oomf at least 3 times a day
such a disappointment when u defend someone for so long thinking they are different and they turn out to be just like what e
Can yesterday night happen again
If I could go back and change things I would
Not having closure it take a lot outta me
Just remembered I get to sleep in
My love is patient , and kind , and shit
i could miss tf outta someone and still won't speak to them , my pride will ALWAYS be stronger than my feelings
Can't ever knock anyone who's trying
that grass ain't greener on the other side . I been there
Happy birthday hope it was a good one
show me , don't tell me .
Really love my car but I really just want a newer one
Theres always something coming . Good or bad , its gonna help you to grow
if you ain't riding then don't act like you riding
keep that fake love away from me
My neighbor rides around all the time on his mopeg thing with his doggy in the back and it just makes me so happy
i want so much for myself and i'm gonna get it by any means .
Communication solves most problems but not many people get that .
ur welcome miss you , hmu anytime ! !
2 TDs in 53 seconds for the Packers ! connects with to go up 14-0 CHIvsGB GoPackGo
I need to do better
Victoria Secret , youre doing the mooost
I'm in way too good of a mood for it being Sunday night .
Happy Birthday ! ! ! ! ! ! !
playing Bible Bingo , keeping Jesus on our mind
I get to see tomorrow and I'm pretty excited about it ! !
FINALLY 60 POUNDS DOWN OFFICIALLY ! Freaking love this transformation so far !
Finally moving on and it honestly feels great
i pray my daughter never lays in bed late at night crying over a low life boy & amp ; wondering what she did so wrong
EVERYBODY COME TO BLANCHARD TONIGHT AND MAKE SURE YOU'RE AS HYPE AS YOU WERE LAST WEEK !
4A 1 Wagoner 2 Tuttle 3 Anadarko 4 Poteau 5 Metro Chr 6 Oologah 7 Harrah 8 McLain 9 Ada 10 Cascia Hall OKPreps
are you okay ? I'm singing - @jadenwby
"" Who was your tweet about ? ""
Speeding is big problem now
NOT ready for prom , so there's that .
I don't wanna get up
Do you pee in the shower ?
I can't sleep knowing Buddy is missing
found this in my phone and now I miss you
How I felt on my birthday
My reaction to Shane's Snap Chat story IStandWithShane TomiLahrenIsOverParty
s / o to for getting me addicted to the romance category on iBooks theregoesmylife onedownsixtogo
I'm tired of being tired . Adulting is trash .
Pay day can't get here fast enough
Polio ... they had polio .
Aquarius like uncommon and unique things . Therefore think and shop carefully as anything ordinary will not be liked by ...
Me + My Bestfriend = Fun and Trouble
Call me old fashioned , but I actually take relationships seriously .
I wanna unmeet you . I wanna start my life over and erase you completely from my life .
Me : Omg I hate this song . 2 days later . Me : * singing the song *
You hurt me ... so why do I still love you ?
DMING TO LIAM TILL I AM ON DM LIMIT MBF
IS IT EVEN POSSIBLE TO SHAVE UR LEGS WITHOUT MISSING A SPOT THATS MY QUESTION FOR THE UNIVERSE
i used to get that alot , it went away , i think it means there is a small fracture in your ribs
thinking the same thing ...
flushes toilet . toilet never stops cycling . LSCproblems
GrowingUpUgly when your thumb was never touched in "" Heads up 7 up ""
I hate you , I love you I hate that I love you
Cuando despues de mucho tiempo muestra seales de vida
Me gustaria poder verte como antes ...
Porque soy asi contigo , si me importas tanto ?
Que cool que me lo mandes con otra persona
cruz cruz cruz que se vayan los granos
Ojal la diferencia entre fit y fat slo fuera una letra y no estos 15 kilos de ms .
Family over friends , because real friends are family .
Nmms snap que sigue ? Quitarme la cuenta mc en todo
Si ves este tweet , me gustas un chingo , bye .
Las personas con sobrepeso necesitan palabras de aliento para continuar , no burlas y criticas . Animalos a cambiar .
Oye de pura casualidad asi nomas de puro pedo no te ando gustando ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Soy Dante el elefante , te hablo a ti el estudiante . Si no me retwitteas en este instante no pasaras los exmenes que t
Me empezars a amar por mi forma de ser y terminaras odindome por la misma razn
Vamos a dejarnos de chingaderas . Y ya
checo tu twitter como si fueras a tuitear algo para mi jajajaja
Los ojos de una persona dicen mucho .
Les traigo un nuevo captulo de Nios Genios Bergas
QUE SON ESTAS LAGRIMAS EN MI CARNE ASADA
No me imagino con otra persona que no seas t
Alguien ms recibe mensajes as ?
Hey folks . I've had some requests for my photography business . I have a photo shoot this Friday ! Stay tuned ;)
the worst . i'll open your message high as shit & amp ; either , reply & amp ; not actually hit send or just close it for a min , & amp ; then forget for 3 + hrs
your girl gotta be your homie too , that's how the relationship's gon last .
knowin nothin in life , but to be legit .
Your MCM sold a gram of weed now thinks he's the plug
it's kay , bc im ginger so my whole life has been sunburnt
How to properly eat coleslaw .
You can sleep ? Can't relate
Don't EVER let people discourage you from being creative and having fun . We live in such an insecure world ...
Which one gets played more , me or the song Closer by The Chainsmokers ?
after finishing the last episode of OITNB ...
i'm actually screaming at this halloween costume
i can't find my leggings & amp ; i'm kinda ... really ... salty ab it .
I swear october lasted like 5 minutes
TO WIN : KAT VON D Shade + Light Eye Contour Palette ( must be following me and have my notifications on )
when you're trying to save money but makeup companies keep emailing you about deals and new releases
yas bay ! ! !
Single Taken Alcohol makes me happy
just had the roadhouse rolls ... but those breadsticks
i'm actually sad i have to sell my ticket
Ya'll ready for this ! ? soundsofsummer 17
how tf do i lose my green shirt on literally the only day i need it all year ! !
so hard to get out of bed
just ate chipotle for the first time in like a year and yup , still hate it
American Horror Story : Cult Announcement ! AHS 7
When Rihanna said I regret opening up to some people , they didnt deserve to know me like that . BITCH ME TOO
What do you do when the only person who can make you stop crying is the person who made you cry ? :-( Missing my heartbeat ! ! tweetboutdat #
Love will / can hurt u in the long run . Heart'sClosed 4ever #
Today stats : one new follower and 2 new unfollowers via
"" @KrissJenner : maybe u can try letmewatchthis website . Click on tv shows and type in the show you wanna watch . Good luck .
I voted for I Like It to make the 106 & amp ; Park countdown . Vote now !
"" @ArinRaySings : Count On Me by Arin Ray via soundcloud . This is an awesome song . I love it !
Learning so much from my past .
Hardly hear from my dad anymore
Replay is a really good song . Thumbs up to on this one
Today stats : 2 followers , One unfollower and followed one person via
Today stats : No new followers , 4 unfollowers via
Just listening to everyword this girl is saying and smiling inside . Lies Lies Lies ! !
Today stats : 2 followers , No unfollowers and followed 3 people via
Today stats : No new followers , One unfollower via
Today stats : 11 followers , 2 unfollowers and followed 9 people via
Today stats : No new followers , 2 unfollowers via
he is so adorable ! !
Packers are so dumb giving Clay that much money . He isnt even a top 20 defensive player . Seriously ? !
going to be hard seeing you in purple / yellow but best wishes for a great season !
Game day at Lambeau ! Lets get that stadium rockin today pack fans !
Garrett graham , Nate Washington , Keenan Allen , or Terrance Williamsbest bet for week 6 ?
how about zack Stacy ? !
if you have the beating the Cowboys on the road in Dallas tomorrow .
here tooposters , CDs , calendars . Like the New Kids on the Block of my day .
Dr Seuss's birthday week = a big week for kindergartener . Crazy Socks Day today .
It is truly sickening how much I'm looking forward to updates from Packers OTAs .
Feel like a little kid on Christmas Evetraining camp start tomorrow-Packers football is back ! ! ! GoPackGo
May not be able to sleep tonight-or work tomorrow for that matter . So excited / anxious for the big game ! ! ! GOPACKGO packers
Packers at lambeau ! OnlyGoodSurprises
Hate the Lions-always have-because they Are dirty . rodgersformvp GOPACKGO
There's time left on the clock and remember .... Russell Wilson is God's favorite quarterback .
The entitlement , disrespect , & amp ; complete disregard to fail an NFL Drug test at the combine would be more then enough 4 me t
Injured person in parking lot at Great Bear Recreation Park on East Rice Street . Man tried to jump over car w / bike and hit pa
I'm with you here , Matt . McCarthy is very quietly one of the best on the league .
Wish we could take these cute Packers fans with us ! gopackgo
this article , coupled with rant last night , puts things into perspective . I love the Packers for so many reasons .
I'm told QB Brock Osweiler has agreed to a deal in principle with the Houston Texans .
Four DART police officers were shot in downtown Dallas . 1 deceased , others not life-threatening . No IDs yet . Updates via twi
Another season of davante dropping passes . Ugh .
Does McCarthy need to go ?
"" I'm not betting against Aaron Rodgers . He's so hot right now . I'm going with Green Bay to win . "" if you agree with Gre
Let's do another 12 , LifeInGreenAndGold NFLDreams
Football is about being there for each other . Let's all help Trenton Bass . staypositive via
Wow that was brave ! !
Alexandra's on the plane . 635 . She's a bit annoyed over losing the premium seat she paid for but happy to be coming home .
"" The next president will not be chosen by the media "" Or by voters .
Trump Admits Love For Ivanka BadValentineIn 5Words
Young Unemployment ? Did Bernie just advocate for black child labor ? DemDebate
Dr . Strange , or How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love Magical Thinking PoliticalSuperheroes
Fiona . Sure she's just a fever-dream of the Ice King . But ... those stockings get me , man . AdventureTime IWD 2016
Brooks Brothers Rebellion , meet Florida Man Army
Media companies actively lobby against campaign finance reform bc campaign spending goes mostly to TV ads
Our Theater Critic Went to Trump's Orange County Rally to Review the Spectacle of It All via
Learning to Speak Ojibwemowin ( Ojibwe ) Ishkwaa wiisiniyang via
So You Think You Can Ink ComicBookTVShows
I have of late - but wherefore I know not - lost all my meth RuinShakespeare
If Art Garfunkel doesn't jump out in about 5 seconds , someone should be fired for missing obviousest optics EVER DNCinPHL
I'll bet you could suck-start a lawnmower ! I'll bet you could suck a golf ball through a garden gnome ! OneWordOffMovieQuotes
NARD - N * * * * s Against Ridin ' Dirty HipHopCharities
Peanut butter ! Jack Daniels ! blood banks ! And that was before affirmative action ;-) Fools don't know much
There are others as capable . There are few as despised or as scornful . Artful word choice regardless .
Mamma Meme , Ah ! MillennialMusicals
USB . B . King TechCelebs
Are You A Better Parent Than A 5th Grader ? BabyTV
And , it IS 378 pages
The Handmaid's Vestigial Tail ?
As the Representative of Salem , MA , I can confirm that this is false .
Culturally Appropriate Chicago Blackhawks Logo by First Nations Artist Goes Viral
Crime and Punishment : Miami MakeABookWarm
TRUMP : Do I have to fire him ? KELLY : Yes , sir . This was an egregious use of tax dollars . TRUMP : Egregious sounds like a
We were hearing Russia , Russia , Russia months before you took office . You were hearing Russia YEARS before you took office
yeah summer bodies are nice but so are those brownies over there
Please be Okay ! browns
Proud of the Browns today enjoythisone
If you are wasting your energy hating on LeBron James , then you are missing the opportunity to appreciate a Legend
and boring too , I hate it and do it only when my seniors are after my neck
With this new update Facebook messenger has become more like Google plus .
"" Venkatapati Deva Raya the Great Savior of Southern India "" - a great read by
Sad to see daily wage earners , under-privileged suffering . Whatever the govt is doing is not enough . Hope they fix the c
Great read on how trust can play a role in changing people's behavior
Ha ! Take that , near-sighted-ness !
Musing on Music by Getting Above Myself
Just noticed last night that the Boss of in "" The One That Could Have Been "" = Mr . Vernon of BreakfastClub
I second that motion !
My life in high school ...
Or for women to Not Need to carry a purse - I love cargo pants ! !
Guess who's coming to dinner . 8 Moments from the Next Episode of Elementary
can I just say the receptionist at the law firm looked amazing , like go you 10/10 very stylish Elementary
Originally it was scripted to film near a Flamingo displaywe moved it inside to the reptiles to keep every 1 warm in the freez
where's that kate beaton nemesis comic , it's becoming more and more relevant Elementary
SHERLOCK THIS IS NOT A GOOD IDEA Elementary
PLS It's a new Baker Street Podcast s3e14 FemaleoftheSpecies Elementary
"" Hey , I thought you went for a walk to clear your head . "" "" It's troubling how often you believe that . "" I love these two . El
they stole legally frozen dead people ? Elementary
reminder : no new episode of Elementary in the U . S tomorrow !
oh wow they brought in some scum elementary
Just ONE DAY until new Elementary ! Hang out with Co-EP at 10pm ET for a live-tweet !
how is this going to be resolved in the next 8 minutes ? Elementary
. @potenspuella ask and ye shall receive Elementary Clyde TBT
10 minutes to a new Elementary !
Are Sherlock and Alfredo headed down a slippery slope ? Find out now . Elementary
( HUGE SPOILERS ) TV Line : Scoop on the Season Finale :
PLS It's a new Baker Street Podcast s3e21 UnderMySkin Elementary Sherlock ht
oh gee sherlock please be ok elementary
I don't have anything particularly insightful to add , just sad faces :(
The amazing is just that - amazing . Shell be directing another episode this year ! I hope its one of mine ! h
Wow , unicorns and rainbows ? Ill see what I can do .
Would love to see him with Morland and Sherlock but we just heard Rhys is in a series . We shall see .
A ) We've talked about it . We'll see how things develop . AskElementary
Watch honored on 19th Annual PRISM Showcase on FX Saturday at noon and 2am from PRISMaward
Here we go again Elementary
Clyde and his stunt double , Bonnie , behind the scenes at Elementary .
Confirmed : Morland Holmes is not a wizard . Elementary
Thankful for a brand new episode of Elementary tomorrow !
R . I . P , you're off to jail ...
IWant 8GB because I've been using a Radeon 7770 for a long time , it's time for an upgrade but I don't have any money
Check out TRUgaming's awesome giveaway competition ! Plus , lots more at truteam TRUteam
24 hrs till Pitt faces Syracuse and students are back in the Zoo . GetHyped
Still undefeated in world wars merica
was there ever any doubt ? ? ?
I think that means she likes you guys
WHOS READY FOR BILLS FOOTBALL ? ?
BREAKING : Rex Ryan is the new coach of the Buffalo Bills !
Just saw a woman win 2 stuffed animals back to back in a claw machine for her son . Mom of the Year nominee
This is the best game I've seen at the Ralph in years
When ur parent tells you to be home at a certain time and it's already passed that time so u hit them with the "" we are eat
instead of fixing the stuff people complained about , they changed the stuff that was already fine -_-
If youre a 90s kid this was your life after school
and h & amp ; m
can donut have pancakes too
"" It wasn't ' check out a sex tape , ' "" Trump says of tweet that literally says "" check out sex tape ""
While she was getting Osama , you were hosting Celebrity Apprentice . debatenight everythingyouneedtoknow
me : i'm over it me : * thinks about it 6294729 times *
lol not at all , I really do hope I am wrong
It's like our souls are old friends
I have the worst sleep schedule , I can't deal with how much I can't stand myself right now . Go to sleep Sujena !
when people have so little in their life they have to grab on to anything they can
lmao I've had anxiety all weekend
My family is obsessed with the cran-apple
When people favorite your retweets so you know they're alive but won't text you because they're fake . Subtweet Bodrul
Seeing as how I hadn't slept in over 24 hours , I really thought I'd be asleep for more than 2 hours when I finally got to bed
I hate small talk . It gives me anxiety . If you wanna get real , honest , vulnerable , maybe even a bit weird ... I'm down for t
when ur trying your best but nothing is going right
Note to self : don't listen to hype music while studying because studying then turns into a solo dance party
I dont understand why they act like its such a chore walking from the lot to the masjid when its the same walking distance from my house
That's not even a real animal ...
bran : i literally know everything . sam : rhaegar got an annulment and married lyanna . bran : GameOfThrones
This weather is playing games with me
You better stop playing games too , this determines if I have a couch for you to live on
My mom af . I've stopped inviting friends over cuz they literally just sit with my mom and talk shit about me
Ugh I was a mess this episode
Depends on who texted , what they texted , if I feel like talking to them , or if I forget . Response times vary .
By the hammer of Thor !
Raise your hand if you're depressed , eating s'mores , and watching Romeo + Juliet .
I'm ready to go home now , thanks .
"" @VH1PNUT : ONCE YOU GET A SMELL OF CLEAN WHITE PUSSY YOU NEVER GONNA GO BACK TO BLACK "" lmao your life explained in a tweet .
The sound of stirring noodles
I am a total SleepyFuck today .
I'm so glad that Brody sleeps in until a decent time . If he woke up when the kids I babysit do , I would go nuts .
Dundee is becoming absolute shit .
I found out last week that I miscarried :( the baby died at 9 wks and didn't pass naturally so I had to get it taken out :/
Don't text me randomly and act like everything's dandy after you told people lies about me . Stupid
Sad thing is , they have kids my age and older , and most of them are grandparents .
Lmao you know it . "" @THISisCOLUMBUS : lmaooo Shelby works hard for the money . Stay busy or die trying , literally ""
Buying stuff for my first house . Yikes
"" @THISisCOLUMBUS : how did that happen ? "" Magic ? ! Lmao idk .. dad never told me :(
Threw a banana peel out of my car window like I'm on some real life Mario kart shit .
I love and miss you too ! ! We gotta do something soon for real
Nollie trey flippin on your block , straight cruisin ' hahaha . BondingTime DaddySonTime
I'm excited for my baby shower .. But not so excited about being the center of attention .
lol I've done nothing to you , but okay throw a pity party . Mom has other things she has to pay for , you don't .
Especially knowing what I've been through .
Whenever I get ready to take a nap my grandma comes up here like "" hey , is the baby sleeping ? ""
Like , really child ? I'm not trying to be about that poopy diaper life every morning lol
Today is one of those days that I just keep having to remind myself tomorrow is Friday ..
The love that I have for Addelynn honestly amazes me every day . Never knew I could love anyone so much
I just feel numb to all of this .
Why do I have to have no life ? !
Oh wow , what timing !
Honestly feeling the burn from working out is more satisfying than I thought .
I'll fuck someone up for my daughter though , no doubt about it .
my maturity level depends on who I'm with tbh
your hotline better not bling unless it's me fam
you can donate 1.00 or what ever will help with the bill s i know the love is out there so come on & amp ; len ...
want more cash come sign up
This is a good site to start a wed site check them out they have free hosting
Shit kipper that's not a fish but this is
Do You Have 45 Minutes A Day ?
Hey guys ! I need some followers in Can you become my follower ? -
Have you seen this video ?
The world is happening and we are not as once was .
I would like to give you all a Happy Thanksgiving wish of good times share the love please
Actually I think all social networking has caused many relationship problems ... "" I agree completely .
' DEAD ! ! ! ' tourguideJimmyChurch
Announcers talk about the knockouts during their matches / promos ? ? ? wwetakenotes
Y2J spoke ! And it was better than any promo we've seen .
Spock on Big Bang Theory on 3/29 . Stephen Hawking the following week . Logical . LLAP
I just watched like 9 DVR'ed episodes of Ringer . SMGoverload
I wanna be a bluebot . Grimm
Success ! Ian Somerhalder secured the land for his animal sanctuary ! -
If you love GoOn , show your support - retweet to vote for us to win a PeoplesChoice award for newtvcomedy !
Damn I think I missed the tweeting spree ! ! !
I'm so sorry for your loss . :(
yesssss . I want to see a mean Grimm !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an SDCC 2017 exclusive pink flocked Scooby-Doo Pop !
Love flying , but airports ?
Gold mashanovoselova glamour supermodel grazia
Sometimes the quiet wins beauty makeup moda penf proofsheet trucco hair fashionpassion by
Tropical fantasy - Papeete fashionthingy beauty eyenomad luxury
Android wears Miu Miu shoe muimui styled by panandthedream fashionthingy
Particular beauty milan makeup hair fashion rockchic
Please join me in supporting this campaign : via
A huge thankyou to for sharing his journey to Teahupo'o with us for our latest travel
polaroid of Miss Dorchester jacquelinecookson panandthedream
JETSTAR : my sons have a deadly illness - dont refuse their medication on flight via
Robert Coover's "" A Political Fable "" : The Strangest Little Book You'll Ever Read -
Every Erich Segal book : Pretty white people with issues fall in love , then one of them dies young
The novelization on E . T . was the best selling novel of 1982 . It was strangely dark and weird .
Yo_president so fat , the oval office is now a circle .
wish i was driving to see ryan ... that would be alot better than just sittin here .
noah is my least favorite bible character because he failed to save the unicorns . Bad move
uh no one wants to see kristin stewart and rob pattison have stroke faced sex . passonthat whatswrongwithyourfacekristinstewart
can we please go to the drive in together this summer ?
it was so much to go out with you and dance battle . Let's do it again soon
if you put Rhinestone crosses on everything , you become a more hardcore Christian . littleknownfact
This is terrible . I look like trash and I want to be anywhere flesh
A month until finals . Where the hell has this semester gone ...
This is my last day in Texas . Oh my god .
how random . It was just a box thing
Drinking beer and watching the game with Ryan . Life is real good .. except when Ryan says im the reason we aren't winning bullyfiance
you know you love me
Had a minor allergic reaction so had to take a Benadryl at work . I sound wasted and kinda like sloth from the goonies likealady
Hook looks like Cher ! ! ! PeterPanLive
except the record not skipping , that really matters
The people sitting across the room smell so much like baby powder , it only could I smell it but I had to leave . That's not even a good scent
yup that fixed it ! Whoops . Sorry to worry you
are you actually dating someone ? ? ? Or just interacting on an genital basis
I know people who listen to House music sober so never tell me life makes sense .
Exactly 2 years ago today ! via
Girlfriend . Unfortunately , yes .
most skilled MC + great thinker = good shit .
I think my wcw is going to have to be and will continue to remain so until further notice .
I turned a friend on to Months later he loves the whole catalog . I haven't told him I have "" A is for "" & amp ; "" Earthworms "" imadick
I could not stop laughing .
* stands up from card game * "" alright , I'm shutting it down "" * hits the couch * - - me , last night
Ironic that I woke up with Men at Work in my head and then stayed home . oldpersonreference
halfway through eating ? Cooking ? Or you were attempting to put it on like a dress and only got to the waist ?
I love head lice .
I just realized that I've eluded to a male friend suggesting I smile in pics . singlebutcurious
That may be one of my favorite things ever .
You're going to damage your eyesight sighting that close .
Nope Not really . My hobbies are AIDS and locusts . Why do you ask ?
I'm off cam , dynamite fishing .
Yeah , that's pretty awesome .
You + gif ? ? ? This is gonna be sweet .
If country rap isn't a sign of the decline of American culture then I don't know what is .
So who did you drop Doug Martin for ? canttakethesuspense
If I were a character in Dungeons and Dragons , when I got a haircut , I'd get a + 4 in sexiness .
Couldn't have put it better myself . Thanks
If you're doing slo-mo replays of a commercial to see if it implies domestic abuse , y'all mother fuckers need some shit to do .
You said to watch "" It Follows "" . If it follows a plot , I'd love to hear it .
This is a serious cheese , you overexaggerating S . O . B ! !
I think the Alex story may have been some of the best shit I've heard in a long time . Ep707
There is no reasonable explanation for Dwight Yoakam being stuck in my head this morning .
It was awesome . Thank you for turning me on to it .
"" Must you salt your truth so heavily that no longer even quenches thirst ? ""
lol is that a good thing ? XD
DescribeYourCrush He is blonde & amp ; has blue eyes . He has a precious voice and us a dork . Ohh and he made this face .
Relationships are always stronger when you are best friends first , and a couple second . letsbebestfriends
So many dolls , there was almost a whole shelf of them at Wal-Mart . Haha . x
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU IRISH GOOBER ..
My stomache is churningg . Ugh . Why .
Grumpy & amp ; want iced coffeee
I literally just wanna move the fuck out . I can't with her shit right nowwww .
So I mean like . I'm basically having a life crisis and I'm 16 so that's cool
I really wanna sleep next to someone . Lol . It's the most comforting feeling in the world tbh .
he's fucking hot tho .
Ordered my hoco dress on my break lmao
In 5 years None of this Stupid stuff Will matter
Renaming my baby drake in stead of Kanye . Sorry Pablo
Saved myself half a dunkin for school tomorrow bc I like to plan ahead
I mean part of me regrets being an insufferable bitch in highschool but tbh yall kinda deserved so ig not .
Mike and I spent the whole day napping together and now I miss him
Stopped wearing winged eyeliner and I feel like a new bitch
see u in 36 days daddi
Birmingham Marriott 2h More Cakes for Philips leaving drinks Birmingham Marriott MRpoints and LoveMarriottRewards
"" @MarriottMidtown : Photo : LoveMarriottRewards MRpoints
"" @MarriottShoals : LoveMarriottRewards MRpoints
"" @WaikoloaBeachMH : perfect picnic recipes to enjoy seaside : beach "" LoveMarriottRewards MRpoints
"" @MarriottCentury : We'll bring breakfast to you . roomservice LoveMarriottRewards MRpoints
Great Kundalini and Pilates classes again .
Sweaty YW class today .
great Zen today with Casey
I know you like the way I'm freakin it , I talk wit slang and imma never stop speakin it
I like money and bitches and bitches wit money !
hahahah knew you'd like that one , that used to be the jaaaammmm
ooo o yeah , its hell , full time and shit , thinkin bout quittin soon tho hahah
yo bitch chapped lookin like a bag of funions ....
I'm feelin it , through the high that you get from the lieee
if finding somebody reaL is your fuckin probLem , bring ya girLs to the crib maybe we can soLve it
Yonkers to see Matt's apartment
yes ma'am , I'm talkin like first week
No one on twitter is a sports analysist , and no one has any idea what they are talking about so I don't understand wh ...
Nevermind gettin a test back so it's gotta happen
Jeeeez girl , I see you pimpin . Come to my room so I can show you my detective skills
you were nottttt routing for the Knicks , and technically if the Heat somehow lose the next two , they would lose 4-2 as well ..
If you in the club every weekend , you don't deserve a good man . You deserve random dick & amp ; no call back .
Best weekend .. Now back to real life yooo
Hahah this dude ray mannn
Bittersweeet , you're gonna be the death of me , I don't want you , but I need you , I love you and hate you at the very same time .
cant stop spendin money smhhhh
"" If you change the way you look at things , the things you look at change . "" - Dr . Wayne W . Dyer
Derek Jeter becomes 3rd SS to start 9 All-Star Games . Only Ozzie Smith ( 11 ) & amp ; Cal Ripken Jr . ( 14 ) have more .
It could be wonderful everyday , everyday it could be wonderful .
I can't even hear ya baby , get ridda the staticc
Skinny jeans are a poor substitute for skinny genes .
Everyone thats traveling for thanksgiving please be careful ! Driving conditions will be rough with these storms ! Ladies ..
Anyone know if hockey is in the Winter Olympics or the Summer ones ? How bout you
Serious question ... is it disrespectful to nod at the dead person during an open casket funeral ?
TeamEma is legit . ranked 2 in PA . Not bad for a rookie .
Kiko Alonzo is a white guy ? That'll teach me to make assumptions .
One of the best shots I've seen
Get apparel for your favorite NFL playoff team at
Weightlifting equipment and supplements available at
Free shipping on orders of North Face products over $ 125 at
Get your favorite MLB jersey in time for the playoffs at
Get 15 % off everything at MCSports now . Just go to and click on the MCSports icon .
Get your favorite MLB jersey in time for the playoffs at
Diet books and supplements available at
Everyone should feel blessed that a new day is beginning .
Get your favorite MLB jersey in time for the playoffs at
Wide variety of NFL jerseys available at
Tailgate sale now at Champion sporting goods . Just go to and click on the Champion icon .
Wide variety of NFL jerseys available at
Great deal on diet supplements and diet books at
Green Bay Packers World Champions gear available at
make money from home without any investing on your part right here
Retweet if you agree it's time to EndThisNow before our country faces an economic shutdown .
She a dime but she gotta be a cool bihh
As Jimmy Carter became the best post-president in American history , Barack Obama may become the best lame-duck president we've
Maybe it's time to get our priorities right .
This is why so many StandWithPP . This is why we fight back . This is why we PINKOUT today for Planned Parenthood !
Slamming the door in the face of refugees would betray our deepest values . That's not who we are . And it's not what we're going
We have to overturn Citizens United and move to the public funding of election , so the wealthy and the powerful cannot buy
I just found out my cellular telephone was a lemon ; it didn't work .
So bashes media / journalism 4 months but won't release off the record talk out of "" respect "" 4
Ghosting is the opposite of what ghosts do
"" It's nice to match the faces to the names in the Panama Papers "" - WHCD
Carlos has : 20 homers ( had 19 in 2015 ) 19 doubles 51 RBI 1.2 bWAR ( had 1.1 in 2015 )
Time to start another winning streak ... RallyTogether
NLIHC & amp ; GivingTuesday
wait this is the part they didn't show :
Disappointed many of my libertarian colleagues won't stand for Internet privacy . Sad day .
Keep doing you JR Smith .
I'll try to be brief ... ( 1/237 )
well ur were slackin n anytime its next week so we have time
Conversations with > > > > >
what would life be like on the other side
The movie takers never gets old
lol u n n all want my chargers -.-
Challenge is one of Leo's favorite words . They will never back down !
your bikes still at my house
hey guys look what I found in the couch watchout ; )
why am I always the first one awake
I can't believe I start school tomorrow
This is frickin ridiculous !
okay i had too much hookah for the hour
Why are movies always so predictable ?
Dont wanna get up :/
Sometimes trying to wake up is way too hard
The one time my mom comes in my room great
pretty good but Shah makes beeter ones lol
awe yayy ! I better be the first person u hit up :-D
What am I do inside ? ! it's so nice outside
This cat don't need gravity ...
[ 11/04 / 14 12:39 PM ] Farm Up ! New achievement received : Stone Miner .
I added a video to a playlist My New Snapping Turtle ! | Carly
I liked a video from Making Money Online , Surveys and Payment Proof 2016 | Ca
GETTING READY FOR THE VMAs ! ! WalkOnWater
i would be your first follower
Someone teach me how to play guitar :( ( ( (
and my phone is dying .
"" Running for 20 minutes isn't that bad , "" says the gym teacher from his chair .
oh well i'm a bad speller , get over it lol .
THIS GIRL IS ON FIRE
you really piss me off how were we ever friends .
When I can't swim : hot as ever When I can swim : cold
My sisters hashtags though ...
Nobody wants to talk to me because I'm annoying
same explain to me what you mean by it's the biggest bubble picture you have xD
Hearing my academic teachers say , "" Have a good weekend "" on a Wednesday is probably the best feeling in the world .
In 15 days 11-13 million households will find out what Advocare is all about ... INDEPENDENCE BOWL
Voicesave the only singer left in the competition that matters : DANICA ! theVoice
Bonding time while doing our dolls hair . Ilovemygirls AmericanGirl
Omg I've gotta be in Dallas tomorrow ... praying I - 35 opens back up and doesn't continue to flood ! ! ! FindAWay
Is this the new "" JAWS "" ?
Let's get this over with . needmorecoffee ihadawalkthroughyesterday prayingallgoeswell
More than 50 % of people say they like sexual biting .
Random Is it weird that I still remember my grade school crush's birthday ?
understandable . Where to then ?
Shaun T says Good job finishing T25 :)
Hooray ! ! ! I made it to 7 miles ! ! !
Be careful who you open up to . Only a few people actually care , the rest just want to have something to gossip about .
ah man . That stinks . Hopefully they fix it soon .
He is trying to put back what they have been changing in other words he's messing up their plans . Go Trump
DEPORT THE MUSLIM KILLER NOW ! !
Democrats want terrorism . Look at what Soros did to Germany . They are a death cult .
How many RETWEETS can we get for and her Make America Great Again dress tonight at the GRAMMYs ? ?
TraitorOBAMA's ShadowGovernment is OFFICIALLY KNOWN AS "" #OrganizationForAction ( #OFA ) ! OFA DEFINITEY A ClearAndPresen
every decent person wanted Hillary to lose
but they love the illegals surely they wouldn't do that to them lol
Explain the $ 250,000 you got from Bashar al-Assad after your meeting with him
I would use a small 22 it would do a better job than my hand
these judges have no business playing with this country's security they have overstepped
ComeyHearing The ONLY Crime Committed Was The Obama DeepState Leaking The Transcript & amp ; Unmasking MichaelFlynn
NO ARREST n muslims gang rape of 5yr old > Idaho or Sacramento knife attacks Obama Clinton careless . MAGA DC NYC h
highly intelligent people tend to do things like this
What a goof head didn't get his way so it's wrong his parents did a poor job raising this little smowflake
Clean the 9th circuit out
Condoleezza Rice Refuses To Take Trump-Bashing Bait on The View , - Very Smart Woman [VIDEO]
Don Lemon FURIOUS At Guest Who Refuses To Blame Trump For body slammed journo [VIDEO]
Rand Paul LAUGHS In The Face Of Climate Alarmists Upsets Jake Tapper [VIDEO]
BREAKING : Democrat Calls Alexandria Shooting Funny
Tucker Carlson On MONUMENTAL Hypocrisy How Did Maxine Waters Afford $ 4.3 Million Home ? [VIDEO]
Lou Dobbs Just Advised Trump What To Do With His Investigation And Is Going Viral ! This Will SAVE TRUMP !
Democrats hated my guts , hurled insults at me , made lewd accusations , protested my election and started a civil war . - Abraham
The Ink Was Barely Dry On Sheriff Arpaio Pardon Before Paul Ryan SLAMMED Decision
WATCH : Miami Looters Scatter Like Cockroaches When Police Arrive [VIDEO]
Rush Limbaugh Expresses Genuine Sadness That Football Sunday Had Become TakeTheKnee Sunday
Mom Lost Son in Afghanistan 8 Years Ago & amp ; #8230 ; Didn & amp ; #8217 ; t Hear From Obama , But Just Got Letter From Melania
NBC Reporter Asks & amp ; #8220 ; What Are Trump & amp ; #8217 ; s Flaws , & amp ; #8221 ; Sanders Points It Back at Him
Exclusive : Woman Who Worked for Moore in Her Teens Shakes Left & amp ; #8217 ; s Narrative
Nurse Loses Job After Posting That White Babies Should Be Sacrificed to Wolves
Just woke up from my nap to the bang of the front door and my dog wacking me in the face with her tail ......... such is my life .
Citigroup's Shocking ' Plutonomy ' Reports - - h / t Michael Moore
although that is exactly why i didn't go to college straight outta high school I decided to go straight to work and party'd
potato chowder has a soothing texture unless you've been praying to the porcelain god then its disturbing
Most comfortable pug ever ! Sasquatch helping me work in big chair in my office .
At least 10 people killed in shooting at Batman screening in Colorodo , reports say . Follow latest updates here : ...
I feel the need to have another ncis season 1-7 marathon .......
ok i think i got it figured yellow is colombia and not only is their goal keeper all beat up but they had another injury
damn solo kicks hard .......... half way down the damn field
Achievement Unlocked : 20 sided pillow .
wtf i was interested in watching this stuff happening before the game starts on OSOCC . you suck ,
im so very tired but i dont honestly think i can sleep right now ....... just damn
On our way to Londontown , I ain't complaining ! olympics
If any of the USWNT players retweet me I will call off work today to watch the game ...
Ready for redemption . United we stand . findgreatness
My wildflower I drew on my napkin at our yummy dinner :
' cheeto-headed tramp ' excuse me while i choke to death from laughing so hard . TrueBlood
' Hooliganism motivated by religious hatred ' ? That's the most transparently trumped-up conviction since episode 1 of Bl ...
Paul Ryan On Foreign Policy Credentials : ' I Voted To Send People To War ' Ryan is a phucking ph ...
I had this woman walk up to me today and say OMG you have such beautiful eyes ...... only problem is she got in my face to say it
Watch Nightmare Mount , Phoenix Pet , and Nightmare Key giveaways all day TODAY & amp ; TOMORROW ! Cohh
I added a video to a playlist Panic ! At The Disco : I Write Sins Not Tragedies [ OFFICIAL VIDEO ]
THE VAPORJOES $ 1000.00 GIVEAWAY !
Help me win a Thank Vape Box 133 mod from
I added a video to a playlist Jessie J , Ariana Grande , Nicki Minaj - Bang Bang ft . Ariana Grande ,
I added a video to a playlist Lena - Traffic Lights ( MTV Live Sessions )
I added a video to a playlist AC / DC - Highway to Hell
I added a video to a playlist Rise Against - Prayer Of The Refugee
I added a video to a playlist Plain White T's - "" Hey There Delilah ""
Jeff is just upset because he only got a Range Rover for Christmas and not the 50 foot yacht he asked for
. @Cabaker8 personally requested Taylor Swift's "" 22 "" to be played for some pump up music today here at Peoria Chiefs stadi
WHAT UP DOE ! !
But Tom Brady is still the man
I love how when the lottery is 500 million everyone goes crazy and buys tickets but when it's 50 or 100 million that's not enough ?
She gave me a bunch of crap about me not listening to her enough or something . I don't know . I wasn't really paying attentio
Cashiers who hold your money up to the light to see if it's counterfeit is some of the biggest eye wash on the planet
Thoroughly enjoy seeing SEC teams lose their bowl games SEC collegefootball
The post 16 hour bus ride shower is an unbelievable experience
TV playoff radar guns have to be juiced right ? WorldSeries
you're a guy ! ! ! ! !
stacking apples at a grocery store
thank you ! Loving it here headinghome
Only part of the body that sticks out of the uniform though ...
i love tt , its so cool @treasuretrooper
I have been taking surveys and am receiving an Instant Paypal payment for $ 20 . Join me for free !
I completed a cash offer and was rewarded with $ 0.30 !
Want firmer fruit & amp ; veggie kebabs ? We've got tips ! PerdueCrew promotion -
The illusion that I have all the time in the world to tackle my to-do list has just met the cold reality that the reverse is true .
Let the irony sink in .
butters doodle southpark loolooloo monday apples whatidoatwork instagood ridiculous
Just got a visa gift card . Why cant i buy cigarettes and beer ? What if i want cigs and a 40 for xmas ? ! Visa ur a grinch !
lol you could always do ur best to make him cum .
- theboondockbetties I WANT TO LICK HIS FACE ! ! !
I would marry you ! ! ! ! I'm a chocolate junkie
cdfrog 76 I'm not her but this chick is fucking crazy . She needs a swift kick to the head .
I know its nice to find a celeb who has all normal ppl tweeting him .
Anything is possible I ate my wheaties this morning . ok . 1 . Banana hammocks . 2 . Take over the world . 3 . ummm ... Banana Hammocks ! !
KEEP VOTING ON MY BREASTICLES ! MY BOOBS ARE LOSING AND THEY ARE 36DD CUPS FULL OF AWESOME ! WWW.99XWJBX.COM AMANDA
need to get home smoke and relax . Today was too damn stressful .
Thank god for female roommates ! I hate men and i get to motor boat their boobs .
lol thank u guys ! ! Love ya u guys get me up & rump shakin in my living room !
This is me ! ! ! LOL
Lol 2 yr old duck face
needs 1000 RTs on this tweet in 7 days so they can challenge you to a Wheat-Hole game this Wheat Bash . MustHave
I applied to host a Flipsies Let Your Dreams Shine House Party ! FlipsiesParty Sponsored :
THIS + lemonade = delish splendasavvies sponsored
I just entered to WIN a Lilybed Queen Size Mattress !
I've just discovered Cash & amp ; Bash ! RediscoverYourself Ad
Win a Fitbit Alta in our January competition giveaway . & amp ; Follow to enter . realbuzzfitness
Who would you share this Shiseido lipstick set with ? Win it ! To enter follow & amp ; sharebeauty
Enter to win a SubscriptionBox from Mama Smith's ! Geek Gamer Disney Marvel TeeBlox giveaway
runs a giveaway . Let's help each other win ! Go here :
VALENTINE ` S DAY DEALS & amp ; Amazing SAVINGS by MAXY HOME Save NOW : giveaway
ULG Fashion bag , Save 80 % , The Last Day , Hurry Up ! giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Vantory 55 ' ' Stainless Steel Rainfall Waterfall ... "" by VANTORY . giveaway
I entered for a chance to win "" Eau Claire Fishing T - Carbon Elite Telescopic Rod "" Click to Enter fishing giveaway
Last day Wildpeak wknd giveaway prize & amp ; follow to enter to win ! Rules :
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" JouerNow Birthday Party Costume Set of 5 Cape + ... "" by JouerNow . giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Mens Latin Roots American Pride XL Black "" by Jema Next . giveaway
Im getting BUSCHHHHH gear for drinking beer and you can too . Yes , really . Sign up at
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Silver Glitter MOMLIFE MOMLIFE Mom Life Wome ... "" by Sun Nowa . giveaway
good luck with Rent ! Wish I could get to the west coast to watch ! I am going to NYC soon-any suggestions on shows to see there ?
yay I can't wait ! ! I'll be first in line to buy it !
ahh loved the ending song ! Brillantly done and beautifully sung ! Great job tonight Neil ! !
amazing new video ! Love you as lead vocal ! Your voice is everything !
BeautifulOnItunes let's make it number one on the charts you know we love you !
I freaking love you ! ! Your swag is amazing ! ! It's baby kreay ! I love you ! ! ! schwag
Good morning tweeps , let's thank God for all of His blessings and for allowing us to see another day !
and I are gonna have a problem u got my friend tryin to take my laptop to talk to u smh -_- I'm trying to download all your music !
YouKnowYoureBroke when you find a penny and you get stupid happy
Smh you 13/14 having kids wells sweetie you about to have a name up there at North lol girl you need to get off yo back and get a education !
I am SO IN LOVE with my son Lorenzo Dominic ! I had my little man last night , healthy at 6lbs ! HE'S MY WORLD !
it was amazing and you made me cry tonight . You're very strong and I look up to you for that . I love you Demi
teehee love this guy so much
Ihatewhen females get weave in they head and you can see they tracks like wtf
no prob and youre too cute ^.^ teehee
Photo : Too cute for u thats why im already cuffed
So y'all brought rats and snakes to school pissed in balloons and threw fireworks df is y'all problem onlyatcentral seniors dumbasses
Im glad that Im not with you anymore .
I don't want to lose him
It's amazing how one little conversation can change things forever .
"" @iadorewomen_ : A girlfriend that'll never give up on you , is the BEST girlfriend in the world "" found
I love you so much I CNT even explain it
I'm trying to be honest here before 2015 start please just don't leave me
The razor is away but I'm going to bed goodnight
ok love bug get some rest while I play with missy
I've seen way too many good girls turn into salty / sad / spiteful bitches cuz they were fuckin with fuckboys and got fucke
I got a kiss-selfie ! Did you ? episode demipathtofame
want to get back the money you spent this holiday season ? Click here and start making money
socks or bare foot ?
When people talk about One Direction , Justin Beiber and Nicki Minaj being inspirational and role models
tehe awww your just the citest thing
i had a great time thanks for the amazing experience ( sorry about my phone acting up btw ) sgtc
yea id get with that xD
okaymoe , curtis lepore , Sam pepper , and drake bell all have me blocked and I am loving my life
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an ME - 809 Pop !
& amp ; follow for a chance to win Pop ! Home Darth Vader and Stormtrooper salt & amp ; pepper shakers !
Crap , you already did a dr who theme
same name , cleanflea . Thanks !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a exclusive invisible Frodo Baggins Pop !
The Kickstarter for the Kaladin album starts today ! Check out the "" add-ons "" so you can get exactly what you want !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an NYCC 2017 exclusive Boba Fett with Slave One Pop ! Deluxe !
Woo hoo ! Another win , another save for Gonzo the Great !
Okay , out of the re-started rain storms and inside BWW now , getting warmed up for tonight's trivia ..
Oh yeah , I am feeling these drinks now ! Time to switch to pool ...
1st ride on TTA since the Tomorrowland refurbs wrapped . No more ' Transit Authority ' commuter theme to narration . More like original now ?
24 in the nation , another personal best
Still haven't opened room for this 11:30 panel . :(
Thank you for making my day at Megacon ! Geek man-crush fulfilled ! * squee *
Hey Buzztime you gave the final clue for the right answer but showed wrong one on Spotlight ! Just cost me 1250 pts ! :P
Just saw on the NBCSN Kings game broadcast ! TeamWil !
My worlds of fanhood are crashing together - advance song from the new PinkFloyd album is called "" Allons-y ( 1 ) "" ! Whovian Squee
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Playing Dead DogBroadway
What a Kpop fan wants for Christmas is ______________ . "" A DATE WITH G-DRAGON . ^ __ ^
vips ask me 1 . what's it ? 2 . How yr albums have many color 3 . Why it doesn't get rusted = It's My DIY alive album package htt ...
"" @soompi : GDragon Wins 4 Awards on Day 2 of the 27th GoldenDiskAwards + Full List of Winners
GD rehearsing for That XX
Celebrating his bday since it's already the 26th in Korea ! ! happyDLiteday
BREAKING : NamTaeHyun Officially Leaves WINNER And YG
MarioKart 8 action ! Let's go ! via MK8 Mario
Stream is up for tonight guys , submit those levels !
Super Mario Maker Marathon ! -
I have been listening to Cimorelli's song "" Good Enough "" for a week straight . Never gonna get tired of it .
IStandWithMarksThiccNeck Mark , Tyler , and Ethan are like me and my sister and cousins . One person is playing and t
From me and the hardworking - Asiana crash a point of national shame for Koreans ( from
Yucca Flower Recipe ( Flor de Itabo ) . My grandma used to prepare it , now I'm sorry I never tried it :
Many Costa Ricans mistakenly believe that economic liberalization is to blame for the countrys social woes
Who would win in a fight between Terminator and Robocop ?
This is what you get for catching a Frisbee at pycon 2014 :-)
Better volunteers when no payment is offered : when the market norms entered the lab , the social norms were pus ...
Don't like or share this unless you know why this is funny .
Patent troll gives up , cant defend matchmaking patent under new law
Limn es ms que un puerto y est constituido por mucho ms que un sindicato . La huelga lamentable de SINTRAJAP afecta
It's not the machine from backToTheFuture . It's much cooler than that :-)
Siempre he querido viajar a un pas corrupto y sin democracia . Y ahora el perrito faldero de Fidel Castro no me deja ! Maduro
Meurtre dun homme noir par un policier blanc aux USA : "" Et sil ny avait pas eu de vido ? ""
Dark Clouds Over Turkey freespeech
Yes the Apollo 11 crew also signed customs forms . We brought back moon rocks & amp ; moon dust samples . Moon disease TBD .
TheForceAwakens Trailer 3 - Music Only via
Chapo and Hollywood , SeanPenn ? Of course , it makes sense . Just don't call it journalism ...
It took forever to get the weather , but I did it mandarinlearner
The view running on Bay Trail
Fact check : you can , in fact , polish a turd :
Yes , those were 300 drones flying in formation during Lady Gaga's half-time show . Here's how Intel pulled it off
Buensimo , ahora lo ponemos
Wonder if the version of Spanish my wife and I use qualifies as pidgin , with our daughters being 1st native speake
Fijo estaba cansadsima ( comenzando por el usbaility ... )
this is a buddy of mine
great minds think alike lol
lol I didn't like the minion movie as much as the first two
wish I was that dog I could use that $
should have had mini m & amp ; m's as the sponsor lol
hey hey how have you been hun
you are so welcome , I hope the weather is nice we're supposed to get some more of the r word lol
that looks awesome , what happened to the avocado you wanted
ok was thinking you were mad at me haven't heard back from you in awhile ? How are you ?
Sharing his wife's pussy with a friend . Luck wife gets a double creampie
I bet you do they are probably just trying to get your address
just came across you while browsing twitter
awesome so glad to hear FUCKCANCER
such a beautiful goddess , wasn't sure from that angle if it was you
pussy wet landingstrip piercedclit piercednips titsout if you'd like to bury your face in there
Kinda diggin my curves today dontmindme curvaliscious thickchicksrule
Thats crazy . Just read a report that hundreds have been deleted though .
NDAA is now in full effect . Due process no longer exists .
It's not right , but its okay ;)
finished Afraid - A Novel of Terror by J . A . Konrath and Jack Kilborn
I liked a video Save The Cloud Chasers - PSA 2
I guess I'm one of tens of millions in the BasketOfDeplorables
in honor of mop dropping in 13 hours - Caramell - Caramelldansen ( English Version ) via
i haven't gotten a chance to play yet . Logged on last night only to test the mp with but had to log to go to bed
Thank you , I followed you back :) partyplandivas
Morning fam ! QriketLIVEpreview : .. for Spin Codes , 1 gets the $ 100 code !
I got this 50 Blog Post Title Ideas [ Swipe File ] from you can too ! EmilysTIPS LifeOfAGeekyMom
On a scale of 1 to 10 , how much do you love to bake or cook ? Comment below ! I am at a 7 . Some
Check out my new online jewelry boutique Gorgeous new pieces every week at up to a 60 % discount !
With God , things don't get worse & amp ; worse , they get better & amp ; better . You don't sink lower & amp ; lower , you rise higher & amp ; higher .
Thanks for the RTs dude ! Russia is a really interesting place ...
As you yourself said - At least she cares ...
Plenty of those . RG3 is the man ' round these parts
Metric's Emily Haines on Lou Reed's Integrity and Humor via
Your internets will never be the same ...
Employee sells heroin out of McDonalds in Happy Meals
Thanks for all of the great Sochi coverage ! Having travelled to Russia last year , I totally get that "" dread Russia-Love "" too ...
The really sad part is that they wouldn't do this if it didn't work on their viewership
Every student of science needs to make a pilgrimage to see Galileo's tomb at some point , right ?
True story : Brooks Orpik bonded with Alex Ovechkin at the Olympics while trying to pee .
Called out by for a cinephilephoto . Passing on the favour to & amp ;
Latest lesson learned : Germans really like Icona Pop
Before one can be the corn master , one must be the corn padawan ...
I'm going to the Indy 500 - Of course I'm renting a Camaro ...
Gender equality has officially arrived in England :
BREAKING : Peruvian Police arrest Penguin without help from Batman
Obvious troll is obvious :)
Hi there . The Wedge X-Wing monument is showing as expired in SD ?
Is Dennis Rodman the man behind the curtain ? ! ?
I would ride on this train
Some days you get your pacing just right . Other days , an ill-advised , double pour of Japanese whisky shows up at last call ... ThisIs 40
Even the USMC are playing PokemonGo . But idk what Pikachu is thinking , standing down-range like that ...
This is among the hottest of dinosaur takes out there right now ...
Reading ? Napping ? Does it matter ?
The street shots of Singapore in this video make me wish there was a hawker centre I could get lunch at today ...
RIP U . S . Senate , 1789-2017 via
Lamb racks today ! Also , metric system
Kit Harrington and Rose Leslie are engaged . Over / Under on the number of murder jokes at their wedding set at 99.5 GameOfThrones
I'm watching America's Got Talent
That would be the most hilarious twist ever . I want the burglar to be a houseguest ! ! BB14
Ian was reluctant to say swear words while recapping events . Yet any other time he's sayin shit and fuck every time he speaks . bblf bb14
I just ousted Ann as the mayor of White Castle on
Teacher said she let us go early so that we could watch the Republican convention . Ha ! Not bloody likely !
What a miserable day outside . It's one of those days that you just wanna lounge around and not leave your house at all . Sadly , I have school
I'm at Ivy Tech Community College ( Evansville , IN )
I'm playing Halo 2 GetGlue Halo 2
Trying to concentrate in class while running on 4 hours of sleep . It's not the easiest of tasks .
I'm at Ivy Tech Community College ( Evansville , IN ) w / 2 others
I added a video to a playlist Metal Gear Solid : Twin Snakes : Let's Play Eps . 24 Metal Gear Rex Boss
I'm watching Captain America : The First Avenger ( 13 others checked-in ) GetGlue
I'm at Fifth Third Bank ( Evansville , IN )
I'm at Taco Bell ( Evansville , IN )
I'm at Schnucks ( Evansville , IN )
The "" theory "" that the planets orbit the sun will never be disproved . Nor will the "" theory "" of evolution . That's why ...
Tornado Watch for Gibson , Pike , Posey , Spencer and Vanderburgh County in IN until 5:00 pmCDT / 6:00 pmEDT . ...
It pays decently if you devote time to it . You can take surveys , watch videos , play games , and just read e-mails to get paid
I liked a video from Evolution's Big Mistake
If that's all true , it's beyond weird . This is weird ..
I'm at ( Evansville , IN )
I liked a video from Geek Week - Slow Motion Water Balloon Fight with 1500 people Starring
I'm at Bank ( Evansville , IN )
She wouldn't care as long as I took care of it . I would have to find a place to set it up here in my office area .
Rough day at work , 3 hours to go .
I'm at McDonald's ( Evansville , IN )
I'm at Schnucks ( Evansville , IN )
I'm at McDonald's ( Evansville , IN )
Many have seen this , but for those who haven't ...
When I dress up like a Mailer Daemon I wear my subnet mask .
Anthropocene Alert - - "" Carbon Release 10 - Times Faster Than Any Event Since Age of Dinosaurs ""
this uproar over all the turmoil of how the VAMCs are run is VERY old news . They've been treating us like this for years .
Im all-in for Lux to dominate in the CokeArcade . Vote for your champion & amp ; enjoy a new way to get Riot Points at
please be safe ; you , Sarah Carter , Solomon , too . Investigations make me fear 4 all .
Everyone in this household is a fan of your cookies . Thanks ! TeachHealthyEatingAtAYoungAge
The 2015 SEC tourney field is set . brackets
Whaaaaattttt ? ! ! ! Congrats ! Can't wait to meet the little guy / girl !
It's ugly . Really ugly .
When you ask your husband to watch Beauty and the Beast during the NCAA tourney the reactions is ... less than enthusiastic
If you're a boring texter , and you send me one letter or one word texts . Best believe im deleting your number .
but how wasn't there enough room ? 5 guys 5 nails
haha wow you're a belieber jk that would be scary if you were !
Hope you feel better my Blakey Bear , Kali Kins , and Maddie Moo .
My phone ! ! ! !
When ur supposed to only sleep for 5 more min n it turns into an hour
This girl makes me smile even when I'm down . I love you Nana !
Looking back at old photos ... I miss my brother so much !
Life would be so boring without music
I just got the most sleep I've gotten in weeks
Why am I always craving Starbucks ? ? ?
When you're just having one of those days ..
I had to cancel my senior pictures appointment for a doctor's appointment
best thing about rewatching Grey's Anatomy is that everyone who died is alive worst thing about it is that you see them die
HannahMontanaMemories I always wanted this when I had a crush on a boy
Im not saying that i think of you constantly , but i cant deny the fact that each time my mind wanders , it always finds so
After graduation , when high schools over , you'll find out who your true friends are
Sometimes all you need , is someone who can make you smile .
I love looking at homecoming / prom pictures . Seeing all the pretty dresses and different makeup looks
Unsaid feelings are the worst .
I'm scared to see you with someone else .
The worst feeling is when something is killing you inside , and you have to act like you don't care .
I liked you ... My mistake
People don't notice the things we do for them until we stop doing them .
how is it an excuse in the group of death in the first round ? Would the U . S . do better with her injured ? She's wise .
This has to be the best protest sign of any protest . Period .
Mantis Society Study Center : DataScience @NIH Updates from the NIH Interim Assoc ...
Mantis Society Study Center : European Parliament Civil Liberties , Justice and H ...
Mantis Society Study Center : The Snug opens , bringing a new cocktail bar to Pac ...
Mantis Society Study Center : European Parliament Background notes
Mantis Society Study Center : Recent Select Committee publications ( UK Parliamen ...
Mantis Society Study Center : Latest news from Parliament
Mantis Society Study Center : European Parliament Alerts from the Budgets commit ...
Mantis Society Study Center : Grampian Update
Mantis Society Study Center : European Parliament Transport and Tourism : Documen ...
Mantis Society Study Center : Recent Select Committee publications ( UK Parliamen ...
Mantis Society Study Center : How Health Conditions Can Change Your Personality
Mantis Society Study Center : UN security council to discuss US recognition of J ...
Mantis Society Study Center : European Parliament Alerts from Terrorism committe ...
Mantis Society Study Center : Nine new student teams selected to fly experiments ...
Mantis Society Study Center : Strathclyde Update
For every rock star there's the one girl they cant forget . KU Amazon Universal Buy Link K
Mantis Society Study Center : Latest news from the House of Commons
Mantis Society Study Center : Sledovn stravovacch nvyk ve vesmru
Mantis Society Study Center : European Parliament Budgets : Documents
Mantis Society Study Center : Senate Floor Today Update
I Be Geniusen Stuff - New Girl S4 - 5
Mantis Society Study Center : DLR and Japan sign collaboration agreement on clim ...
Mantis Society Study Center : The Guardian today : Theresa May tells EU : Im stil ...
Mantis Society Study Center : Mayor Ed Lee escorted to SF City Hall for the last ...
Mantis Society Study Center : Daily Bulletin | 16.12 . 2017 , 19:30 UTC
Mantis Society Study Center : South West England Update
Mantis Society Study Center : NLM Announcements
My book - A Glimpse of Heaven : The Philosophy of True Health is on sale on Amazon Kindle , for $ 1.99 . Please check it o
Mantis Society Study Center : Boosting Mongolias smallest firms with US $ 40 mil ...
Mantis Society Study Center : Morocco travel advice
Newrelease LIVE Ethan Amazon romance newadult RT RBBC kindle kindleunimited books sa
Mantis Society Study Center : The Daily Top Tech Gifts for the Holiday
mylifeispizza : Oreo Cookies & amp ; Cream Owl Cupcakes
travelingcolors : Fifth Avenue | New York ( by Juan Pixelecta )
any cover songs planned for the US tour ?
That's right everyone , a peanut butter bacon milkshake murica
Hot , Hot , Hot ! ! ! Wandering around the house in my underpants ... Or am I ? ? ?
Sorry I can't snapchat today . My face is .... broken
You look so stylish in those crocs . thingsiwillneversay
I had a bad dream about college , I'll probably be panicking for the rest of the day
There's still time to get your tickets to see at The National on the 21st ! Don't miss out RVA
If I can make it through this week at least half of my stress should go away
shiny pants were on point Bonnaroo 2014
That Harry Potter marathon really validated that my childhood is over . If you need me I'll be in my room crying
here's a rule : don't wear sweat skirts . don't wear them to class . don't wear them at home . don't wear them ever .
If boys had uteruses they would be called duderuses
No one sexts me anymore
So excited for to come to JMU ! !
This record store is also a boat
Ojo's end of the semester speech has me all emotional
Austin is hot , but at least the whole city likes music Austin , Texas
CBGB is such a good movie
Watch LadyGaga do David Bowie proud with one hell of a tribute performance :
To get out of this town
My friends know me so well
The Christmas tree that's on its way to the White House just drove by me so that's pretty cool
I love when listening to a record sparks good memories from the past . Music is powerful . Music is beautiful . Have a gr
Nothing Comes To A Sleeper But A Dream , im FOREVER Up .
Killa Cal Wayne - iLL Go Crazy .
In the jungle were niggas will rep your heart your out
Show No Love Love Will Get Yhu Killed
"" @dattBoii_keem : Fb :) "" Done
Love he got to many Bestfriends get on his Ass Mayne !
Me And You We Light Tha Room Up When We Together .
S / o To She Been MIA Lol But She Cool AF Yall Follow Her .
Because im Fucking W / Jones .
The Whole SouthSide Need To Be In PartyMania This SUNDAY No School Monday ~ Sunnyside DeadEnd Pearland 3rdWard 45So ...
Ok But Wear Some Jays .
PartyMania TONIGHT ! No Class In The Morning .. Free Drinks and Jello Shots ! ! Here's The Address ~ ~ > 12200 Gulf Fwy | Almeda Mall Parking Lot !
going to Almeda Saturday .
LakeParty > > > > > Im Goin To Dat Hoe HIGH Dab .
Ths Lake Party Sht All Dwn My Tl !
My instagram > > >
Texaslakeparty okay I'm fucking with this
Basketball season needs to hurry up and get here . Tired of football .
TexasLakeParty Free LimeARitas Getting Drunk ! ! !
Happy Bday to my lil nigga Love hope you have a beautiful day too
I wanna be Adam Levines clothes .
but then I thought ' oh wait ill just lay in recovery position ! ' lifeguardsolutions notaproblem
Savvys hair got sooooo long !
We're gunna have to start calling you satan from now on !
Lost my wallet today and after I cancelled all my accounts , I found out someone turned it into the super pawn
Me pretending to be surprised every time someone dissappoints me and wastes my time
Free : blue flower tounge ring
i will let me get them ready ... im like about to have a heart attack i cant believe you messaged me back
Can't figure out how to get points on
playboy tv en espanol '
MentionATwitterBestFriend anyone who follows me is my twitter best friend
my mome once told me "" you're a special butterfly "" i asked her "" what does that mean ? "" and she replied "" i don't know ! "" . wordsofwisdom
why didn't i get a audition for the new texaschainsawmassacre movie i swear i need an agent
i can't effing wait to see warmbodies tony from = heaven
hahah ! Thought you'd like this a great way to get all TVD fans in the best shape ever . h ...
stupidest plot in degrassi history
hey girl what u doin :)
my favorite moment was the whole show .. i'm serious this is like the best scripted / acted thrillride that's been on tv in years
wrongturn 5 was the stupidest movie in the whole series . it made no sense they werent even in the woods but like 5 seconds . worstmovieever
can i get famous already i really need the papparazzi to follow me everywhere , eventually i would bribe them to buy me coffee and cigarettes
My daily stats : 1 new followers , 1 new unfollowers via
dasani water tastes so fresh
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz now i know my abc's so won't you please retweet me
CAN I PLEASE leave my window open for 5 MINUTES without my room turning into an atrium for every kind of insect under the
nothin but pennies in my pocket .. nothin but faith to keep me warm . baby i'd be broke without it ... tell me how much for your love
Miley cyrus your crotch almost made an appearance on the VMAs cover that shit up ! .
Some depart , some stay on , life goes on ( philosophical much ? ) . 1 daily unfollower and 1 follower . Via
OMFG .... is so f-ing gorgeous in this movie i could throw myself off a cliff naughtyornice christmasmovie hallmark
Wobbley wobbley wa wobble wobbin ass so fat all the bitches pussy's be throbbin
OnThisDay : STOP was filmed in Ireland on January 27th , 1998 16 years ago ! ht
I'm giving away : professional body piercing kit needle forceps gloves . Check it out - listia
THIS SHIT IS BANANAS NakedAndAfraid
2 daily followers . 0 unfollowers . Crowdfire doesn't miss a trick - via
my bf and i got engaged last night and he played your song justthewayyouare thxs for making such an amazing song ! ! :)
I entered the End of the Year Giveaway . Enter now for your chance to win
DUBOMART TU TIENDA DE INTERNET .
el Triunfo de Palito de coco
Marc Anthony - Tu Amor Me Hace Bien ( LETRA )
FLORES DE LA NATURALEZA .
Parque de las Mariposas : va
Have you seen this video ?
Public position not changed but behind the scene may be this is the actual position
Geo propaganda campaign all over . Ridiculous ........... BanGeo
Watched the movie "" The reluctant fundamentalist "" . what an amazing movie . Must watch :)
with xapotip and the amount
Dear TUQ PLEASE BeFullTimePakistan GiveUpCanadianPassport BeFullTimePakistan GiveUpCanadianPassport
That trend wouldn't change :(
atleast we don't stole land through terror . your agencies are responsible for distrubance in our country
videos showing brutality of your isreali govt is on social media all around the world . @andershaukedal
tum logo na bhe Tu musharaf ke kebnet ka logo ko wazir banaya howa ha jnb . apne Bt kero pahla
kya study kerna ka irada ha ?
HAHAHA .... Dam she's right :)
cute little injured princess of Gaza smiling despite injuries PrayForGaza
PMLN workers attacked again but I have asked our workers to remain calm and peaceful .
can't find you on the truck
looks like army takeover is near :(
I am fine . thanks . just arrived in Dubai few hours ago
I believe love happens move than once but its never same as your previous love . Each time its going to be different .
Govt , Opposition , religious parties , Army , all Pakistanis .... unite today . No ifs and buts . No more . No one will die because
World knows MQM has been receiving funds from Indian , MI & amp ; Intelligence agencies have evidences BBCprovesMQMisRAW
khuda ka lya team ke jan choro
Int agencies with Army & amp ; Rangers carried out 5 ops in Lhr , Fsd & amp ; Multan since last night . Ops continue with more leads comin
Chinese ldrs appreciate Pak Army's role in CPEC security . Faster dev of CPEC will realise dream of prosperity across the
That's why we need education .. most of the people still don't know what panama case was .. sadly for
i redyed my hair to make it bluer already lol .
TheScriptFamily do you know how happy getting a card would make me ? ? ? it would make me rly rly happy so please .
makes no sense still , but oh well .
that five year olds do can predict the future . that was seven years ago and still nobody trusts me around fire .
if people want to talk about katy's hair , let them talk about katy's hair pls chill dang .
"" we go through periods of three months where we don't talk like once a year "" wait it's been just over three months and i'm just what why
It's 6:30 am and I have yet to actually go to sleep ... Insomnia is no bueno , especially when it leads to me using Twitter .
i finally watched big hero six and i cried for a good portion of it and it's now my new obsession .
go away and stop being adorable pls it's rly annoying ugH .
bands from other countries rly need to play the us a lot more than they do
best buy theater gives me fond memories of having an excruciating migraine and missing a bus party because it wound up in a different state
I'm psyching myself way out with this SAT prep right now and it's actually really easy .
i get a lil sad when mutuals unfollow
Don't forget to take the time to enjoy life , it's a beautiful thing , much like yourself . I hope you have a great day .
Don't forget to take the time to enjoy life , it's a beautiful thing , much like yourself . I hope you have a great day .
I was playing a game and there was a socially awkward weird homeschooled girl obsessed with Naruto in it . They got me . They def got me .
"" ... this Plan will be denied in the following situations : If the damage to your Covered Product was caused by accident ( unless you have
I tried so hard and got so far , but in the end it doesn't even matter . I had to fall to lose it all , but in the end it doesn't even matter .
Hot Topic started selling my favorite hair dye again .
Someone asked if my mom and I were sisters . My ego is pained . Again .
After another few minutes of mindlessly stress doodling ...
so accurate , aquarius is in capitals .
It's a great day when it's not even 12 and you've already cried .
When ur neighbors decide to blast obnoxious rap music so ur mom lets u blast breaking benjamin to drive them away
when ur a basic white girl on snapchat
I'm Just A Kid - Simple Plan : via
Like , if you want to use it 24/7 and inconvenience me , give me $ 20 for a new one pls . OR GO BUY YOUR OWN ? ? ? ?
A . stop allowing Walmart employees to sit in here without buying crap and consuming stuff they bought from Walmart .
college is ... getting excited when you can actually sleep for 2 hours before needing to be up for school .
Weirdest addition to the 90s One Hit Wonders playlist on SongPop ? The Offspring . wtf
a purpose . Everybody has potential . Sometimes you can't see it , but it's always there . It's so so so important to bring people up .
The scars on your heart are yours to atone , We've been surrounded . BMTH
It just filled me with venom Filled me with rage To see someone not give a shit Despite all of this I won't see you around BMTH
FullFrontal : single handedly fucking up America - together .
when i hear my own voice in a video
I think it's probably "" amen "" not "" hola "" matt we both know that i can see through your lies for i
I long for that feeling to not feel at all The higher I get the lower I'll sink I can't drown my demons They know how to swim BMTH
You know the only way to cure pain is to add a little more Because everything new distracts the old piercetheveil ptv selfishmachines
congrats Jaime . You basically just started following a suburban soccer dad
Spend my days locked in a haze Trying to forget you I fall back down Gotta stay high all my life to forget I'm missing you
that's why I got dropped from Victoria's Secret ! ! !
Europe / UK bound baby ! ! Just boarded our plane from Cali . I can't wait for this tour to start ! See you over there amigos
Made it to Kyoto ! Should I do the Nolan Ryan beef or na ? doesthatcomewithasideofventuraorrrr ?
You saved me . mamiya 645
This new Moments garbage on Twitter is garbage . Garbage .
Hey there Bristol , tonight was amazing , thank you .
The music video for Shine On goes live at 6pm ! ( AEDT ) shineonyounglove
Weekend plans ... sorted ?
Started the night in LA and woke up in the desert outside Vegas . KidnapSurprise
It's an exotic fruit called "" melon ""
The only ones benefiting from tonight are the news networks ... what a shame .
it sounds like a digital sex vampire anthem . The Sexorcist maybe ? ?
"" Everyone needs to just hop off , "" says my 14 year old sister as she replies to all of her snapchats .
step 1 : notice the bee , step 2 : react irrationally , step 3 : assess situation , step 4 : repeat
The mind of these villains hungry for attention . This video does a much better job explaining it than I can :
yooo why you so sad ? season 3 of is officially happening ... that means more eggos ... more kisses ... and
LMAO u have a dirty brain
Why random people gotta bring up the past ?
She is so hot idc what anyone says
Any good movie suggestions ?
But at the same time I don't
so how many of yall gonna become patriots fans this year ?
I wanna see furious 7
Morgan with all her friends . Snakes stay together
Selma is such a powerful movie
dang forgot to tell her how I feels
wait your sister is 11
Im just trying to sleep
girls are so so crazy
sometimes u just need some nudes when you're feeling down
mmm u kinda cute too bad you're a junior lmao you're chill tho
A lot of shit has changed
aye fr you too , wish you the best !
Impeach the monkey ! Wilson 4Prez
So Deadpool just came to our office , called us all nerds , threw Chipotle burritos at us , and then left .
I've never been the type of person who has wanted a LOT of friends . Just a few very close ones that truly care and und
Before ! My cousin Krizelle turned 3 years old ! ! ! ! Same day as Aaron but 2 years later
Me : Exercise Me : Exercis Me : Exerci Me : Exerc Me : Exer Me : Exe Me : Ex Me : Extra fries
Watching on ESPNU my man play lax for Johns Hopkins . Miss you my man from Spicy . Jellyfish
Anyone have a replacement red mini cable for a pair of beats . My cable broke . DM me !
TED one of the funniest movies I've seen in a while . If you haven't seen it GO FUCKING SEE IT !
Ribbed for Stephanie's pleasure .
A girl face planted while running in front of my residence hall ....... and I missed it sobumbed
Machado ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Lets go O's !
Bane voice "" You have permission to die Batman ""
it was like seeing Bigfoot or some shit .
Bucket List 120 go to a Wrestlemania !
Have Dance Lessons With Nerd Ned
Retweet if you're a member of thefamily . Tryin to find my siblings (:
RETWEET this is you're a Child of mine or a part of thefamily and lets all follow eachother make thefamily closer
JV Football locker room banger . biggieandmarley
Always good to listen to music on your earbuds so you can block out the bullshit and just vibe out
"" I eat that cat just like a lion "" - Lil Wayne . Smh I'm so glad this nigga is gonna retire
Looking back this Halloween weekend has been the best I've had in a while . My liver hates me
you should go on Getting Doug with High and talk about your love of pop tarts
Tony Danza made his mark in my class today
I like Apple Music radio but they need to stop playing with these censors especially when I'm trying to listen to this new album
my stomach is hurting just reading that
I need to tell me doctor about that
I'm just surprised the UFC wouldn't splash the cash for a great fighter as Rory
I'll never understand why you want to keep that shit under wraps . You like what you like
first your in a drought then a flood pick one or the other California
That last pic is a face every stoner has made . It reads "" oh this hurts but feels so good ""
Things you saw when you grow up
Not ALL Trump supporters are racists . But MOST racists are Trump supporters .
/ / 6 D A Y S / / L O V E
my wallet is empty just like my soul
good seeing you guys last night ! ! Congrats on the new album :)
the promises continue . best friendships are at stake . TOPdebate
Prayers going out to Paris and Japan right now . I don't know what to say ....
i can honestly say the same thing and that is why i know you are my best friend .
I'm not as think as you drunk I am . dontthreatenmewithagoodtime
IowaTODAY Pave the future for the generations that will spend the most time within it . CaucasforBernie FeelTheBern
Listening to Dirty Work . This record gets a lot of shit , but I fucking love it . Lotta cool songs on it
doggo just about fell in the pool and , i swear , i was up and ready to go in after him quicker than ive done anything in my life .
it's my goal to be this calm when things are falling apart
an old man battleing cancer and he finally got to see his dog my heart
Monsters Inc was released 15 YEARS AGO on November 2 , 2001
if you think all water taste the same you don't drink enough water
Request for petition : Danny Devito to play live-action Wario
Overdraft fees , how you gon charge me for being broke ?
Please stop what you are doing for 13 seconds and watch this :
GET THAT BEAUTIFUL SOUL AWAY FROM THAT SEWER BEFORE I CALL THE POLICE
As his name is not "" Biggest Bird "" , we are to understand that Sesame Street is home to at least one , perhaps more , trul
"" How do YOU like it ? ""
people who suggest getting breakfast together as a hangout plan are the kind of people you want to hang onto
I HATE WHEN PEOPLE ASSUME SHIT LIKE JUST ASK ME
I AM A STRONG INDEPENDENT WOMAN WHO DONT NEED NO MAN but maybe a cute boy would be nice idk
dating me is like :
you : thicc me an intellectual : thic
Girls before and after you feed them
And he turned it into a platinum album it's not too late to turn your day around
EXCLUSIVE : ' Star Wars ' Goes Out to the Ballpark With ESPN's ' Wednesday Night Baseball '
Biggest change in StarWarsDigital Edition ? Quadinaros shot first ! QuadLife StarWars
The Orson Bean . No ? CelebritySignatureSexMove
Seems legit , as featured in recent HBO documentary about De Niro :
ForceForDaniel His dying wish to see TheForceAwakens before he loses his fight w / cancer :
StarWarsMarathon Ronnie's Wehrenberg Theater St . Louis TheForceAwakens StarWars
Darn it . This time it's true .
If only Jean Francois Champollion was on Twitter ( and , well , alive ) to help us out .
Prince was the first artist whose song made me contemplate the future . How mysterious and wonderful 1999 sounded . RIPPrince
All but 3 of these ( Yakface , Blue Snags , EV - 9D9 ) came from my original childhood StarWars collection .
Be an Eleven . StrangerThings
Not so hard since both frequent the booth for "" Titos ' Double Play "" during Giants preg
Fixed it B - )
Just a friendly reminder not to forget your auld acquaintance . If we all remember this year , maybe we won't have to sing tha
Check out the trailer for Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds documentary ' Bright Lights ' BrightLightsDoc
Here's my Rebel Base ( ment ) .
"" That's no cork . ""
From Excellent stuff ! SWCO
As an usher in 1986 , I denied The Bangles entry into their own concert .
Still time 2 Enter 4 a chance to win StarWars RogueOne signed Raddus Figures , Pix & amp ; a call ! Just & amp ; Follow
Sharing my Rebel Base ( ment ) . 2 of 2
Ok , StarWars merchandise is getting really out of hand ....
One of the best bits in all of TV !
TheLastJedi is taking some kind of weird Planet of the Apes turn . TheyCGIHorsesDontThey
"" What a beauty . An old Norge . ""
There's nothing like StarWars this time of year .
you're a freak . Your own cat doesn't even like you .
You should go suck one of those magical things called dicks ! :P
Enjoying a Sunday watching once upon a time . Absolutely lovethis show ! OnceUponATime charming
Found a Transponder Snail ! "" I'll never forget you ! ! "" Local cook sets sail ! TreCru
Found a Transponder Snail ! Davyback Fight ! ! Straw Hats vs . Foxy Pirates ! TreCru
Found a Transponder Snail ! Giants , sea monsters and other amazing encounters ! TreCru
Found a Transponder Snail ! Exclusive Profile : Those who follow their dreams ! TreCru
I just wanna sleep all day tomorrow
the whole school should be cut
The Marlins started the game with a somber version of ' take me out to the ballgame ' in memory of Jose . RIPJoseFernandez h
fire Zimmer , fire Spielman . Tear down MOA and rebuild the Met
VIDEO : Bison Semifinal Hype Trailer TurnItUp BringTheNOISE
Welcome to NDSU Christian Watson , WR , 6-3 , 190 , Tampa , FL . BisonSigningDay 17
Hopefully they can pull a 1991 worst to first again
Did it teach 5 year old Titus how not to put on gloves ?
Four FCS stadiums lead the pack . Which is the best ?
It's not sold out when they were given to the committee members family in Watford City
Things are so desperate they pay their students to cheer ...
I'm celebrating by watching NDSU
You can't afford regular ESPN ?
dugout ready to go in NY
They are too dumb to understand
Tonight's MNTwins lineup ! WereGonna
I'm proud that I haven't seen a second of Star Wars and I won't be seeing that one either
Usually they throw a flag if you blow on him
Murray ! ! ! !
I need to go to bed but this game is fun
I hope the coyotes are ready for the regroup and the noise Saturday
Why would you want to own Montana ?
Does NAU play Jackyls lumberjack song for their entrance ?
Major Winter Storm to Hit North Dakota on Monday December 4 , 2017
Are there more blown out knees than there were 20 years ago or am I just paying better attention ?
Welcome to the Bison wide receiver Phoenix Sproles , 5-11 , 185 , Fr . , New Hope , MN ( Robbinsdale Cooper HS ) B1S8N
But when your anxiety goes away , you'll feel really relieved :)
Those are the best kind of days :)
England is actually smaller than the state of Florida .
Or be in the water , but in a very big and safe boat :)
Make sure they don't get violent , cat owners can be aggressive .
Know what you want , and go for it .
Birds really have to be more careful and start wearing helmets when they fly . I mean really :)
And that's why math should be illegal in every school :)
Better than watching the news :)
There aren't too many Infinity Ward fans left ...
That Giant trailer you've been asking about ? Let's do this the right way : SDCC Zombies
I added a video to a playlist GTA Online - Modders Are Getting Innocent Players in Trouble
A New Giveaway ! ( How to Enter + More ): via
You don't think that COD will lose so many fans to Battlefield 1 that Activision will have no choice ?
Victims make excuses . Leaders deliver results .
Gee , that Edward Cullen fella is sooo dreamy ... gag dies disgracetoallvampires twilight
I might stick around here . Could grow to like it . Maybe .
aw combination of 2 models , 7araka men hena w 7araka men hena ..
bossi lama takhdi break 3arafini wana akalemek
everytime I try to study , I find myself on twitter !
ok ana khalastou 3mouman , time for malzama b7alha :D I'm excited I'll see you =)
Keep calm and ..... actually , why don't you just shut up ? maybe I can hate you less :)
YES omg absolutely ! romain says the cutest things , its my favourite ! !
i am so tired i'm going to be asleep for years . see you on the flip side
soon i will have saved enough to buy more ferrari merchandise . you can't stop me
12 years ago today . My 1st F1 race and I got her home ... massivebuzz
that was a brutal way for him to word that , tbh ... ; a ;
awwh man i want to start streaming with my best mate and then be youtube famous and make loads of money by playing video games yaheard
' ' maybe i'm taller than 6 ft , i dunno . it's been a long time since i measured myself at a convenience store ....... or robbed one . ' ' THIS GUY
"" he brought like , a $ 14 bottle of rum , it tasted like hairspray . ""
i would not mind if you in fact did not come back
i didn't understand that message to lewis but judging by my tumblr dash it was something offensive
also when i tried to go upstairs for a drink i tripped and fell twice . my motor functions are just all outta whack ..
the yoshi game looks cool but it kinda bothers me that the visuals and sound effects are the exact same as kirby's epic yarn .
ahhh poopy .. i was going to say that if you had access to the starter , you can smack it a couple times with a hammer or wrench
he is pretty dumb for a smart dude .
i like this bar bc they literally do not give one crap about what you do . you don't want food ? Fine . you want to sit here for 3 hours ? Ok .
I LOVE MY FINNISH SON
this is never going to work
im laughing so hard this guy
"" they view white people as the problem , so THEY must actually be the problem ! ! ! ! ! ! "" old white person logic man .
honestly im cracking up bc this luxury / supercar blog i follow just posted a photo of a pontiac
DONE ! ! ! that sounds like a perfect day tbh
thank u so much son
The music in the Nintendo Switch trailer sucked , so I replaced it with Johnny Cash's "" Hurt . ""
BOSTON DYNAMICS DID IT AGAIN
this is the kind of handwriting i have to decipher from coworkers .
montana is looking better and better !
it's not any less viable than an ipod . i just don't use mine bc my phone is an AIOT
Weekly csgogiveaway Retweet Follow me & amp ; entries here
I liked a video from Destiny Rise of Iron | Khvostov is Back ! NEW Exotic Auto Rifle
I liked a video from Black Ops 3 Team Competitive - Part 16 - Weapon Switch Fail !
I liked a video from CSGO BETTING : CSGOCRASH EZ PROFIT ! BACK TO BACK PROFIT ! How To Deposit
I liked a video 1 CASE OPENING / GAMMA CASE !
I liked a video from CSGO BETTING : DOUBLE KNIFE OPENING ! ! KARAMBIT OPENING GOING FOR A KNIFE
Thank You for M4A1 - S Icarus Fell FN Giveaway
In next 2 hours we will have the winners of 6xPika - Knives !
Instant Covert Karp GA ( 5 winners ): - Follow - RT - Like - Paste your aff URL - Visit
Which side do you prefer ? T / CT ? & amp ; Follow & amp ; Answer for a Flash Giveaway !
Promo code FREE to get 250 diamonds on csgobetting
KNIFE GIVEAWAY ! TO ENTER ! Giving it away here :
I support FatPenguinsCHARITY by donating at check video about the event on
Just hit 20k followers on twitch ! Thank you everyone !
AGAIN Thank you so much I cannot explain how happy I am !
Tuesday FlipKnife SafriMesh CSGOGiveaway Go to to enter .
We have a BIG UPDATE ! WEEKLY AWARDS ! Check this awesome update ! Open more to win more ! RT + Like for
Apex 350 giveaway . Don't miss out aweFam .
I liked a video Destiny : 50 Kill Clash Challenge ! 16 ( Last Attempt Before PVP Patch )
ANNIVERSARY Giveaway x6 STEAMMGEMS $ 5 CODES Retweet Follow us Visit Finishes in
WEEKLY Giveaway BFLY TIGER TOOTH Retweet Follow us Activate our notifications Finishes in 1 week CS
5x Karambit Fades + 1000 Bananas GA Enter Here : Tag 2 Friends Turn
FLASH GIVEAWAY x2 M4A4 DESOLATE SPACE Retweet Follow us Activate our notifications Finishes in 1 hour h
I liked a video OPENING 100x DANGEROUS CASE ( $ 25,000 )
Glock Fade Giveaway Follow me + Re-Tweet Good Luck Ends in a few days !
I cannot acces your site it keeps saying connection error please try again in 5 minutes ?
Stand together , die together . making plays during Overwatch Contenders . See all the action
Notification Squad Giveaway FT M4A1 - S Chantico's Fire Retweet Follow us Add your tradelin
"" It's like my record collection is sitting here in front of me in this room ... "" - - Billie Joe
anyway I hope things are going well for you ! Are you done with school for the year soon ?
Were headin back to downtown Austin , Texas for our Moto X Step Up Final XGames
I think it ends tonight
Wish we had as much conversation about how we shouldn't objectify women as we are having about how we shouldn't objecti
I'm so bad at this today and this sucks . Kids , never take days off from writing . amwriting
Grateful 4 the attention Flint is receiving today . Wish it had happened 30 years ago when our town was killed by a different p
Seriously just trust yourself and get out . Your life is worth more than your iPhone or some pictures . Just get to safety .
you may enjoy looking at - - he has some info from the NI side
it was demolished , I think :/
they're great ! I'm also mildly ( ok so rly ) obsessed with - - I totally recommend listening to them if you haven't !
omg really ? ( It starts at 7:30 for me )
Murphy's Law , college edition : Everything that needs to get done , will get done .
If you are in NYC , why not join us on the 21st at EVERYBODY COME OUT .
I guess if Hillary Clinton had left her email server sitting in the middle of the dining room at Mar-a-Lago , everything
it'll be okay ! I've heard a lot of stories about people getting letters in late .
This is still so accurate tho . So many good jokes . So . Many .
Editors at the Book Review on our favorite writing guides . ( I'm with on Orwell's "" PATEL "" )
ITS WHITE . A WHITE TSHIRT . GREEN DAY WHY U MAKE A WHITE TSHIRT . So in fear of staining it I barely wear it
When TedKennedy was dying of cancer , he dragged himself to the Senate floor to be sure others had healthcare .
Shoutout to all the first-generation and minority students beginning or still working to get through college . We are few but
I thought that , too , but I've checked , and it turns out he pulls that face all the time .
1 ) Did the write these ? Thats the only way to explain why it instructs lawmakers to say laws dont work .
I respect womenboycottwitter & amp ; reasons behind it , but women worked too hard to be heard to now silence their voices . Ampli
Mind hunter is also really good
I saw BoycottKeurig on my timeline got kind of nervous that would have to give up my favorite coffee maker so i looked up
My grandfather is a 96 year old Charlotte native . He wasnt the allowed to vote until he was 44 years old when the Voting
Is excited that our Utah Legislature has audio available for listening in to Interim Committee Meetings ! These ...
Dr . Seuss ' Birthday & National Read Across America Day ! Let us know how your school celebrated !
KSL Summer Reading Program ! Don't take a vacation from reading ! Starts June 15
I love Utah PTA . We are a non-profit child advocacy organization . We provide resources and training for parents and s ...
David Atcheson next candidate to speak . Former Ut . Co . Republican Chair . Understands job , still not sure utpol
Scandinavian genealogy class standing room only ... So I am sitting on the floor ! RootsTech 2015
I would agree but it looked like Indiana Jones
Going live ! Retweet ? !
there go two more broken hearts ...
family time - kayaking ! this should be interesting ...
2 more days til thanksgiving ! ! ! yesssssssssss ! !
Didn't I see you when you thought you'd never stand out ? oldcopelandyiippeee
"" Barbe papa or dads beard is the French name for cotton candy .
thanks for letting me stay .. i had so much fun ! \ m /
I think that if I ever have a baby girl , her name will definitely be Helen and if I have another , Claire .
going to watch and graduate > __ <
it's like i can't have one full day without some kind of anxiety creepin in nervousnelly pullittogetheral
takin a snooze before i hit starbucks with amy finally
i wish that i was on my way to jason mraz :(
my head is so backwards
friday friday friday , praise Jesus !
24 hours later . still hungover . that damn duck !
How do people eat healthy I'm about to eat my hand
done playing mom for the week .. i'm beyond relieved that i'm not full time yet , but a little bit more excited for the day that i might be
got the baby to sleep in 5 mins ... got downstairs and workers immediately started drilling the bathroom floor below her bedroom facepalm
Sometimes I forget about Chris brown's performance to Take You Down on YouTube .. Then I watch it and feel like I've sinned
Whoops - I guess you DID get a treat ! Actually , the sun here makes most of us look like that pic . :-)
You had Dana Delaney on set and posted no pics ? For shame !
I have been remiss in Tweeting this , but my son became engaged to his girlfriend on 05/29 / 2010 ! We're all so excited for them !
Awesome SGU tonight ! Now , when will the 2nd half of the season begin ? ? ? Can't wait !
Proof that Donald Trump's hair is an illegally imported tribble . OtherThingsObamaWillReleaseToday
Wait . Exactly what are you trying to copy ?
So glad that you'll be back where you belong . Can't wait to listen ! We need you more than ever .
No , cilantro DOES ruin everything . Thank you for having him say that line !
thanks for the follow :)
"" Lighthouses are more helpful than churches . "" - Benjamin Franklin
So sorry to hear about your place "" flooding "" . So gross ! Keep us updated .
thanks for the follow :)
thanks for the follow :)
thanks for the follow :)
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Away . Last seen 1 hour ago playing Gears of War 2 . Gathering party members . ( Xbox Live Nation )
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Away . Last seen 23 minutes ago playing Xbox 360 Dashboard . Watching a video . ( Xbox Live Nation )
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Online . Playing Xbox 360 Dashboard ( Xbox Live Nation )
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Away . Last seen 20 minutes ago playing Xbox 360 Dashboard . Watching a video . ( Xbox Live Nation )
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Online . Joinable - Playing Fable II . Revealing a lost and ancient road .. ( Xbox Live Nation )
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Online . Playing Gears of War 2 . Campaign as Marcus Act 2 Chapter 3 . ( Xbox Live Nation )
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Online . Playing Left 4 Dead . Blood Harvest - Easy Chapter 3 - In Game . ( Xbox Live Nation )
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Online . Playing Assassin's Creed II . Status : In Session ( Loading Memory ) . ( Xbox Live Nation )
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Online . Playing Xbox 360 Dashboard ( Xbox Live Nation )
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Away . Last seen 58 minutes ago playing Zune . Watching a TV Show . ( Xbox Live Nation )
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Online . Playing Zune . Browsing . ( Xbox Live Nation )
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Online . Playing DB : Raging Blast . Androids Saga Playing Game . ( Xbox Live Nation )
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Away . Last seen 48 minutes ago playing Zune . Browsing . ( Xbox Live Nation )
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Online . Playing Zune . Browsing . ( Xbox Live Nation )
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Online . Playing Mafia II Playable Demo . In main menu . ( Xbox Live Nation )
watchin juice , classic hood movie right there .
Xbox Live : mwaces 420 is currently Away . Last seen 2 hours ago playing NBA 2K10 Draft Combine . Playing a Scrimmage Game . ( Xbox Live Nation )
jus got back 2 the crib , chillen at fenway all day , exhausted as hell but got a lot of stuff done that i been puttin
is currently playing Crysis 2 MP Demo on Xbox 360 ,
is currently playing Castlevania LoS on Xbox 360 ,
Gears of War 3 is my most anticipated game of e3 via GearsofWar 3
thanks 4 all the youtube love yo , more vids comin soon , for those that don't know the page yet check out www . youtube
is there combat training in MW3 and if not , is there any plans to add it possibly later on ?
is currently playing NBA 2K12 on Xbox 360
Let's go Pats ! preseason next week
currently playing SF3 : Online Edition on Xbox 360
Redub Berserk 2016 with the Real Cast
Damn still sore .. I did go all out that day
They closed down my ultra foods store .. I use to buy gaterade for . 99 cents ..
My asianers .. past and lucky future ones lol
Looks like a bears win ..
Wishing my old friend Aleli a wonderful birthday ..
Week 12 .. semi awake .. let's go teams .. playoffs approaching
O man .. wonder when these new years gym resolutions will end .. its packed up in here .. justgiveuppeople
Looks nice out , until u walk outside and it's still cold ..
note to self ... buy lotto tickets before i leave
Manson last week in rockford and manson at congress theater friday heaven ...
Rolled with direct tv again .. got the nfl league pass .. redzone .. gonna see all my players do great fantasy
Can't get enough of these strips
Blake Griffen single handedly us kicking the suns ass
So the cavaliers are the new clippers getting the 1st picks over and over .
Can't sleep .. go to sleep mf . . Toss n turn
Who wants to see pac-man vs money may !
you really hate wenger ?
I told my mom she fucked up ! ! IKnewIT
do you know what she does or work ?
What part of "" Murica "" are you visiting ?
the women are sending the pics !
I fell asleep or felt like feel asleep and the scariest thing / dream happened ! While asleep a little kid came up to me and told me I was ....
I have seen their website before but didn't know if they did , thanks .
looking at the Good Year Blimp reading "" The World is Yours ""
Ehy don't you make FIFA videos anymore ? You were the best !
cannot get into FUT on PSN ! Help
what's the name of the song in the beginning of the vid , thanks .
The month ahead in FUT Champions ! New prizes , updated schedule and revised win requirements .
The FIFA community is huge , and it would be great to see that hashtag on as many FIFA conversations today as possible .
Pintando a rua para a copa de 2014
Video : Watch absolutely destroy Trump sympathizer Jan Brewer-Thank u Ana . ImpeachTrump QuitTheCouncil
Play FIFA on Ps4 ? Head over to and enter the squad building competition to win one a free kit !
Next upload , THE UNSTOPPABLE NO LOSS GLITCH TUTORIAL ! ! !
Free labor ! ! Lol
Just watched your interview on Nascar Now . Loved your candor , openness and courage . You have a fan in me ! Get well soon !
Ooh , I hope so ! Love me some Scully & amp ; Mulder ! thetruthisoutthere
Yea , Juli ! A little ballerina !
Scared ? Pray . Over thinking ? Pray . Losing hope ? Pray . Worried ? Pray . Struggling ? Pray . Pray and Trust in God . Please Retwe
I need another kind of happiness if that is happiness
You are all of us right now , Lance .
Really bad time for the Isles to go on a losing streak . Especially when the rest of the east is playing the way they are .
Islanders are in the playoffs ! ! Thank you Florida Panthers ! isles panthers
We aren't playing close to good enough to win this . Isles
Fuck trading for a bat ! Just let Matz hit ! ! Mets
God this team is so bad . Mets
Anyone else think these umps have been brutal ?
The Mets now have a 2 game lead in the NL East ! Thank you Diamondbacks ! Please go out and beat the Nats tomorrow too !
I guess Harvey doesn't make much of a difference . Mets
That was so cool . Mets
Nice inning . Mets deGrominant
A reeling pitcher with the bases loaded and dumb ass Kirk swings at a pitch low and away .
if your team is 1-0
When will this country wake up and realize we're facing a serious problem . How many innocent people need to die ? gunco
The final out , GIF'd . Mets
WE'RE GOING TO THE WORLD SERIES ! ! !
I need to find something else to occupy my time . There is no light at the end of my sports tunnel . ImCursed Mets Jets Isles Knicks
The Jets love to beat themselves .
Brock Nelson is having a killer season ! Isles
Terrific news for Jacob deGrom and wife Stacey , who are hoping they can take baby Jaxon home from the hospital as soon a
This may be the greatest moment ever . Nevermind for the Mets , I mean in life .
Beautiful game Matz ! ! Bomb from the Captain ! Mets win !
With all that said watch Tebow turn into a star baseball player . probablynot Mets
This isn't politics . This isn't how this works . You don't get to pick and choose who tells news . This is how dictators op
This game might never end . If only Cespedes had slid . Mets
There is no link between vaccines and autism . It's child abuse to deny kids healthy lives for unf
I need help with a charge that just went through my account .
I'm raising money for Need start-up for food truck plz ! ! . Click to Donate : via
Steelers offense needs to get together and score here before half . Bengals get the ball . Not looking too good here .
Mark , any chance the Penguins put in a claim on Boychuk ? If Pens don't think Bennett is ready could he play on Malkin's line ?
I've got Cam on a BYE . Who do like for this week ? Tannehill , Manuel or Hoyer . Thanks
! / / / ( ( o ( ^ ^ ) o ) )
OK ! ! ; ;
12 ( * * )
( * ^ - ^ * )
( * ^ ^ * )
^ ^ / / /
! ! ( ) ^ ^ ? ?
11 ! ! ( * ^_^ * )
I won in Guess the Card Game at One more step towards my free prize ! My Invite Link : http://t.co / os0WCtcJhh !
I won in Guess the Card Game at One more step towards my free prize ! My Invite Link : http://t.co / bWnqi 8u6lA !
The SENIOR PLAYERS Championship to be shipping up to Boston in June -
Enjoy Slow Cooker BBQ Chicken Sliders made with PerdueCrew promotion -
These BBQ Chicken Sliders are easy , delicious , and cook while you work ! promotion PerdueCrew -
Learn how to make the best gravy for your family & amp ; friends from Promotion PerdueCrew . -
UTMB study shows testosterone being prescribed when not medically needed
UTMB : Researchers developed Ebola treatment effective after infection - KPRC Houston
Kids from Guess Elem . in Beaumont gave the Block Burn Unit a great gift : care packs for families of burn victims .
Today's inaugural Veterans Resource Group meeting at UTMB was great ! Not only that I was able to spread the good word a
Dr . Weaver , helps explain the rapid global spread of chikungunya , a mosquito-borne illness originating in the tropics . http://t.co / SmTJNNParj
A new study suggests flushot may protect from pneumonia , the leading cause of flu-related hospitalizations .
Rt US researchers discover new method to diagnose Aspergillus fungal lung infection in leukemia patients
Even the artwork is beautiful in the new UTMBJennie
and toured the nation's first hospital makerspace located at
WATCH : Mosquitoes Use 6 Needles To Suck Your Blood
WATCH : New concerns about the spread of the Zika virus into the Gulf Coast states :
UTMB's Dr . Joseph Sonstein talked to about common occurrences that could actually be cause for concern . https://t.co / 9Y2LQWh2p4
Dr . Ashok Chopra spoke to today about a salmonella poisoning vaccine . See the interview W
New We just put price tags on future Zika epidemics US Gulf Coast TX FL AL MS LA , results are not pretty
Check out UTMB's new study :
UPDATE : All UTMB hospitals and ERs remain open . Select urgent-care services available on 8/ 27 . Full details at
Deborah J . Jones has been appointed senior vice president and dean of The University of Texas Medical Branch at Ga
I was in the building when I found out . They aren't very timely with that .
Dad and I just decided to reinact Thor . I am Thor , he is Odin , Mick is Odins horse . I've gotta get him an eyepatch .
I encourage my Senate colleagues to give Neil Gorsuch the same courtesy Senate Republicans gave Merrick Garland . SCOTUS
Ghost tour downtown this weekend , should be fun or educational if nothing else .
1 Guy . 26 Women . TheBachelor premieres this Monday , January 7 at 8| 7c on ABC ! Retweet if you'll be watching ! ...
Thanks to for changing the oil in our car . How can I EVER repay you ? Tee hee hee ...
ROTFL ! I swear I love you dude , lol . I wouldn't trade you for all the BBQ chicken in the world , lol
Question : Who on my time line takes vitamins and / or other supplements ? If not , why ?
She She ! I miss you :'(
Be Happy ! Happy ppl are not ppl who have a perfect life , they've just decided to overlook their lifes Imperfections ! ! !
oh man ! I haven't had one in awhile , but I had one today and it was orgasmic , lol . Thomas had a bite and is a fan now , lol
I KNOW you're not talking about Mr . Hayes ? !
What do you THINK success is ? Is it more important to do what you love or make oodles of money ?
Preparing to braid my nieces hair , then I'm done for the day :X
Good Morning all . I'm up WAY too early .. no thanks to this toothache
barrettes . She asks for barrettes more now . I don't like putting rubber bands on her hair that much anymore .
I really cannot stand negativity and ignorance . If you don't know what you're talking about , or ( cont )
Honey n Lemon Face Mask : 2Tbs - Honey - 1Tbs lemon juice-Leave on face for 20mins . Remove with wet sponge or cloth . All ski ...
Tired . Maybe I'll just stay in today .
Omg ... one night away from my princess and idk what to so with myself . Trying to learn to let go , but its HARD , lol
Yeah . I don't have time for the gossip and drama . I got enough I'm trying to do w / o foolishness , lol
Going to bed . Just me and the kids tonight . I need a break .
Exhausted . I hope I'm able to get some GOOD rest before Malachi gets here .
Thank God I have female friends to talk to daily . I'm married and should have no need to converse with male friends daily :)
Good talk with my honey dew this morning . Learned some stuff I need to do and what NOT to do . Love his honesty
Been out doing a LITTLE grocery shopping . Now making Nailah take her nap .
About to straighten my house up ... once again .
Nervous and anxious , amongst a few other things ...
Getting a headache . I need to remove EVERY mirror in my house to get some PEACE . It's really sad .
Only a three year old will wear a coat , backpack and flip flops -_-
So wish I had a clone right now . Having two kids , man .. this will take some getting used to .
NIIIICE . If I can get mine to NOT draw up to my head , it would look huge too . I ran out of EVERYTHING .
Its time to conquer everything that has been blocking your destiny ! It is the hour to move boldly in the ... ...
Good Evening everyone ! We have raised $ 50 so far . We appreciate any help we have received ...
communication builds bridges to our future while secrets and lies build walls that block our options
thanks for the follow following back :)
Are you mad ? Stay mad , because I don't give a fuck ..
Go ahead , Judge me ... Just remember to be perfect for the rest of your life .
np Stronger Ariel and Alexandra Moore
can u help me trend orifanfamily ?
every time someone sends you a tinyurl thing check and see if they r sending it to every 1 cause its a virus . lol
We are all of us stars , and we deserve to twinkle . Marilyn Monroe
Thank you twitter for , now , making it impossible for me to avoid seeing what everyone ate for lunch / dinner .
alright i'll say it . football sucks !
I can only see through one eye but wanted to let uk surgery went fine . thanksll wishes .
o ok I had no clue what those were lol . dude those were creepy !
go follow and for shoutout
glaucoma fighters unite on fb . great support group pls
shesh this child is crazy . lol figuring out what he wants is so fun .
can you this for me ? it's my glaucoma fb page Glaucoma Fighters Unite
can't help but love Emma Raw
When you meant to type smiling in amessage and ur kindle types smoking then send it to someone your a fan of like oh Idk
i'd love if you did the smile challenge . post a pic of u smiling with smile 4glaucoma and follow
can you ask your followers to tweet a pic of them smiling in support of glaucoma research with smile 4glaucoma
can u tweet a pic of u smiling in support of glaucoma research w ' smile 4glaucoma at the end and ask your followers to do it ?
thanks for the rt . to do the challenge post a pic of you smiling with smile 4glaucoma at the end . thx
can u tweet a pic of u smiling in support of glaucoma research w ' smile 4glaucoma at the end and ask ur followers to do it
can u tweet a pic of u smiling in SUPPORT of glaucoma research w ' smile 4glaucoma at the end and ask ur followers to do it
cn u tweet a pic of u w / smile 4glaucoma & amp ; ask follwers to do it . my glaucoma is advanced i'm 20 heading in for surgery 11 tmrw
can u post a pic of u smiling to support glaucoma research with smile 4glaucoma and ask followers to as well ?
follow back ? Huge fan ! !
do you know when or if it will be on spotify ? Thanks
i could never handle so much packing ! supermom
Do You Want to Command on How to Get Sales On-Demand ? Then Check this : Retwe
A new crochet bow headband . :) love it ! crochetaddict
My youngest sister makes the cutest Minnie Mouse ! ! disney minniemouse polkadots
Officially my favorite ! disneyinfinity disneyinfinitycollection potc piratesofthecaribbean pirates
The fact that it costs hundreds of thousands of dollars to heal a child ( or anyone ) with cancer makes me sad .. teenswithcancer littlebro
Just finished my first EarBiscuits episode and my mind is blown ! ! rhettandlink You guys are
Versace Bright Crystal for her has notes is a luminous floral scent with fruity notes . Win it ! To enter follow
omg please please please !
TO WIN : BH COSMETICS GALAXY CHIC PALETTE ( must be following me so I can DM winner )
TO WIN : LORAC UNZIPPED GOLD EDITION PALETTE ( must be following me so I can DM winner )
TO WIN : ALL 7 NEW COLOURPOP SHADES ( Must be following me & amp ; my IG : xoMeiZhang )
I'm giving away Arden liquid lipstick in luscious raspberry & amp ; liquid highlighter ! To enter & amp ; follow
Its TurtleTuesday Giveaway time for 2 Berry Eternal Lotus Prints ! Must & amp ; follow to win ! Winners announced mid
TO WIN : KYLIE'S WHOLE VALENTINES DAY COLLECTION ( Must be following me so I can DM the winner )
TO WIN : VIOLET VOSS HOLY GRAIL PALETTE & amp ; U . D . ALL NIGHTER SETTING SPRAY ( Must be following me so I can DM the winner
I'm giving away this Estee Lauder travel-sized Gift-With-Purchase at Hudson's Bay with monogram letters ! To enter follow
Let's keep the PoloRed fun going with another speed draw ! I'm giving away a Tender Romance set in 45 mins ! To enter follow
Today's luxe giveaway : OPI Nail Lacquer in Charged Up Cherry & amp ; In My Back Pocket ! To enter & amp ; follow
If someone wants you ....
Excited to be giving away Burberry Liquid Lip Velvet in Regiment Red & amp ; Light Nude ! To enter & amp ; follow
Pretty much boxed up my room either by myself or with my mom . So clearly I won't be helping y'all move in the future . thanksguys solo
Face timing andrew literally always puts a smile on my face .
Special x Canada 150 Twitter Giveaway ! I'm giving away some of my favourite Lauder products . To enter & amp ; fol
Ladies understand the struggle of this
Let's go vote ! ! ! ! ChoiceDancer Chloelukasiak TeenChoice
Today's luxe giveaway is Dior Addict Lip Glow in Lilac & amp ; Brow Chalk in dark brown ! To enter follow & amp ;
Don't let your boyfriend treat you like a season 1 Nathan Scott , you deserve a season 6 Nathan Scott
Fingers crossed that today goes well
Why do watermelons have weddings ? Because they cant elope
Louis V bags give me so much life
Our 2nd winner will receive a $ 50 gift card and is coming up ! GoGoWeen
I'm giving away Dior Fix It In Dark Honey & amp ; Rouge Dior in Sensual Matte ! To enter follow & amp ; & amp ; ht
One more 4 day week then its working from home and getting paid for the holidays ! Love my job .
Today's StarbucksAtHome giveaway is Pike Place + Lancome beauty ! Win this set ! To enter follow & amp ;
Here is our Marc Jacobs Daisy Birthday Party Grand Prize : a collector Daisy bottle & amp ; this pop-up birthday card ! To enter f
I still think someone should have put some campfire crystals in the fireplace ......
Breaking : American Pharoah refuses stud farm assignment ; says "" I now identify as Nefertiti ""
Probably the same FBI team that secured the embassy after the Benghazi attack ...
Since the VAST MAJORITY of Judges receive this highest rating , are we to assume they should all serve on the SCOTUS ?
The politics of exploitation , division and pandering ....
US President Jimmy Carter , on WikiLeaks :
I'll be so glad to see this scumbag go .... every time I see or hear him , I feel like I should take a shower .
Dems : "" We're going to give a Trump a fair trial , followed by a first class hanging ! ""
Government agents should not profit from seizing property , especially if that property was taken from the innocent .
Cop : I pulled you over for speeding Citizen : I wasn't speeding , I hope you don't write me a ticket . Cop : Off to jail you go ! ! comey
Apparently 8 is the age when children reach their peak wokeness .
How The Failed "" Drug War "" Led To Militarized Police
History will not be kind to John McCain Why McCain screwed the GOP on Obamacare repeal again
Allegations by an unknown accuser ? Doesn't pass the smell test ....
Apparently unaware that the science is SETTLED ....
On later reflection , you might come to believe this is the stupidest thing you've ever poste
"" We in the media need to make sure that we dont give ammunition to those who are seeking to undermine the credibility
does anyone know any cute single pop punk boys with low standards
He tells me he likes me and then rejects me lol make up your mind lil bitch
But like how she can do so better i was stuttering for like five mins trying to believe it but like how
I'm laughing so hard right now omg poor Calum
HELL YEAH IT'S MY BIRTHDAYYYYYYYYY :-)
why is everyone talking about enchiladas on my timeline . - .
WEEEEEEW FUCK YEAH TURTLES ! ! ! !
MICHAEL LISTENS TO EVERY AVENUE IM SCREAMING
i need you to know i do live every day without any regret of falling back into you
I need more friends .
i don't get why my mom would force me to go to school when I'm sick like uhm ... IM SICK DO YOU WANT ME SPREADING GERMS AND SHIT
I just woke up ? ? ? ?
I can be the bomb diggity if I want to
LITERALLY ITS JUST GUYS WEARING BASKETBALL SHORTS AS A DRESS AND I JUST
MET SOOOO MANY PEOPLE AT THE MEETUP TODAY IT WAS SOOO EPICCC ILY yooo im on the right
wait did we get back our syllabus
I still haven't found a place I can run off to when I am upset and want to be left alone .
I can't handle people sometimes .
I constantly tell myself ' ' I'm done ' ' but then I find myself trying again
This decision is actually fucking hurting me .
How we gonna fix this ? How we gonna undo all the pain ?
havent listened to mgmt in a long time
she needs to shut tf up
why you gotta post the ugliest one
u kill me every time always on
i hate asking people to take pictures of me because they don't know how to take pictures
asianprivilege WHEN THE FIRST ASIAN ARTIST ( BTS ) IVE SEEN WON AN AWARD AND GETS RIDICULED AND TOLD TO GO BACK TO THEIR COUNTRY
i sexually identify as an inconvenience
I posted a new photo to Facebook
15 Tidioute Sheepfoot Boys Knife in Ebony Wood
81 Northfield UN-X-ld Abilene Stock Knives in Mardi Gras Acrylic
33 Tidioute Cutlery Whittler Pocket Knife in Ebony Wood
22 Tidioute Magnum Pocket Knives in Tomato Acrylic
The gecrendezvous is already off to a great start this morning ! We've had people lined up outside the factory ...
77 Northfield UN-X-LD Yankee Barlow in Stag
83 Northfield UN-X-LD Tascosa Lockback in Natural & amp ; Burnt Stag
47 Northfield UN-X-LD Viper in Natural Stag
74 AAPK Stallion in Antique Autumn Jigged Bone Special Factory Order :
It's so cute seeing people in public relationships ... then thinking how I could nevaa relate
A Must Retweet ! ! !
Ladies , don't lose a loyal man because he's occasionally unfaithful .
I stg if I want it ima take it .
Remember Cookie ? This is him now . Feel old yet ?
LeDajrick Cox graduated high school , then was shot & amp ; killed . Police say he was defending girl being catcalled , trying
Lil Yachty buys a new Porsche for his moms
UPDATE : Teens selling water were handcuffed "" for the safety of the officers "" and individuals , U . S . Park Police says
thanks Rob Kardashian , me and Blac Chyna have a game to play
I would not hate on myself that's why I stay to myself
Seeing hoes talk about getting married or treated like a queen
fuck all dat fighting get smacked with the iron
There are just some things you don't do , lines you just don't cross with people .
Dudes gonna be knocking on the helmet to talk to women at the gym .
In all honesty Black women deserve better than what black men have been giving them
this man played a game for y'all a day after his sister died
Just finished running 4 miles ! What are you doing this morning ?
Me waiting for all the inconveniences in my life to pass by so I can finally shine and prosper
Honoring Army Sgt . Shawna M . Morrison who selflessly sacrificed her life thirteen years ago in Iraq . RIP
This is what gives us faith in humanity .
society forces 2 extremes : either ur ( 1 ) gay or pro-LGBT , or ur ( 2 ) homophobic . they won't let you mind your business for
"" It's not about how much you're doing , it's about the quality of what you're doing . "" Congrats on a great boxing career champ
These mothafuckas get trained to perform in vast amounts of martial arts yet still fighting like somebody stole th
Ooo w I think they like me , yeah they like me
This .. Sincerely , An un-offended Marine Corps veteran asking on behalf of other un-offended veterans whove served t
Bruhhh donald trump really had a melania body double next to him during a speech
First day at work was awesome ! I smell fried chicken . Now I want some ~
Humans are weird . You could literally make a spell called "" Don't Cast This or You Will Explode "" , and millions would explod
da poop . How'd you guess ?
e e e ee e e e ee e e e eE
Actually we're just silently judging you from the ground
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY OLDER SISTERISH SARAH PALMER ! ! ! ! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU ROCK HAVE A GREAT DAY YOU ARE DA BOMB ...
My grandma can text guys
Family convo : Sarah : to be or not to be dat is da quetchshun . I'll be back Suzy : is that that f * cking miranda bitch ?
"" I have 2 snap chats and 1 is from team snapchat . How lame is my life ! ? "" - Mike
I'd give bacon Mac and cheese a bid
Put camera on timer > mirror selfie
only for you would I take a class that I do not need truelove 16unitlyfe beginningjogging
me presenting in front of the class
Moment of silence for every individual who has ever suffered from chronic analation from an SJSU adviser
Scherzer with 4 strikeouts thru 2 innings ! madmaxisback
Harrison Ford , Mark Hamill , Carrie Fisher Back for ' Star Wars ' ? George Lucas Says Yes
Please help our social media campaign to SaveTheCloneWars ! Follow to check out how to help ! P ...
Finishing up day properly ! Halfway thru Ep VI-Return of the Jedi . Only 1 hour to go ! MayThe 4thBeWithYou SWMarathon
So it is OK for to do a crossover episode of Phineus & amp ; Ferb but we can't get SWDetours ? 39episodes
We've wrapped production on the remaining episodes . In early 2014 you'll see Yoda on a solo mission and more !
Headed to AA to cover my 3rd UM / OSU game ! No matter the records , this will always be known as THEGAME GOBLUE
Tremendous TEAM effort ! The goal has not yet been achieved but this one feels EXTRA SWEET ! Can I get a YES chant now ? GoBlue
"" As good a player as Nick was , he was a better man and a better teammate ... he did it right every day . "" - Mike Babcock
24 rewatch - S2 E7 - Warner house in turmoil , Jack thwarts Nina's escape , Mason has son arrested to see him ! Kim in trouble again !
24 rewatch - S4 E16 - Keeler has a son . It's not smart to hide behind drywall in a gunfight ! Logan debut , Air Force One hit .
24 rewatch-S 7 E19 - Renee hears about Larry , True villain revealed . Little Teri = Heartmelting . Jack figures Tony out then collapses
Join The Search for DiagonAlley Supplies to be entered for a chance to win a trip to Universal Orlando Resort !
24LAD rewatch Ep 2 - is a great young actor ! Heller is first honest President since Palmer . Motherboard / Daughter threat .
Loy Norrix & amp ; Lakeshore coaches have agreed to postpone tonight's game until tomorrow . Kickoff will be 1pm . frenzy 8
It seems as though the exchange rate is even worse than the American dollar !
RETWEET this for a chance to win 2 Super Smackdown tix & amp ; WWE swag ! We will randomly select a winner 12/12 at 2:00 PM ! ht
Please give us some guest announcements ! We still don't have any info regarding autographs / photos & amp ; no guests announced !
Do we know what day / time yet ? Can't wait !
I wish some of these would start coming IN STOCK ! I hate having to preorder over 3 months in advance . Stupid
If a movie "" ruins your childhood , "" then that is just sad .
In we trust ! Why Fantastic Four Failed , According To Stan Lee via
"" Those who stay , will be champions ! ""
I had purchased a David Tennant / Krysten Ritter DUAL photo op , which is now cancelled . Will you please offer a Tennant solo op ?
Just watched the deleted scenes from StarWars TheForceAwakens ! I think should've left in X-Wings , Kylo & amp ; Falcon , & amp ; the chase .
So excited to meet & amp ; WizardWorldChicago today ! I Want to Believe it is going to be the experience of a lifetime !
seemed like a good scripted drive from MSU . UM didn't respect the run early in the drive . They'll get it fixed
Only 46 hours left until RogueOne ! I've finished Eps I & amp ; II , now its time for the 3rd movie of my StarWars marathon TheCloneWars !
Wife & amp ; I just got tickets to meet FitzSimmons was so nice to us at Madison last year Can't wait to see them together !
No scoring in the 1st but back & amp ; forth in the 2nd . Kelloggsville leads Whitehall 13-7 with 4 minutes left in the half . Frenzy 8
20 yard Zeeland East TD pass pulls the Chix within 5 . A few plays later , 64 yard TD run by Zeeland West gives the Dux a 20-7 lead . Frenzy 8
Word of the day : "" chatak "" - the ' unheard sound ' a flower makes at the moment it opens or ' petals ' ( Urdu , poetic ) . Image
The Snuggle That Dare Not Speak Its Name
We actually only rate dogs . Please don't send in arctic speed bears . We appreciate your cooperation . Thank you ... 12/10
It matters so much , no matter how small your light is . Even the tiniest glow helps us find one another and band together . Shine on , friends .
if you leave nazis alone , they will kill you if you leave antifa alone , they will play pokemon go and eat nutella
We even saw seals ( although with all the mist / fog the pictures look really faded ) !
Meet Lily . This is where she goes when the smoke detector batteries die . Not dealing with that h * ckery . 13/10 would comfort
If this photo of Kelly Marie Tran with Rose toys doesn't make your day , I don't know what will . StarWars TheLastJedi - B -
Not sure what this says about me . Probably bad things . I'm OK with that .
No . 5 is Serious Rogue Pigeon ! He's so secret . SeptemBird pigeon bird dove fantasy rogue thief sketch ipadpro Procr
Hiya I'm Tara Nicole and I illustrate & amp ; design for and I'm a CalArts alum ! drawingwhileblack
This is Yogi . He took his time picking out his favorite dandelion . Knew it was a big decision . Now he wears it proudly . 13/1
Pettins : a good story in 3 parts .
oh are you watching the "" inebriated housespouse food idea hours "" ?
OMG YAY YAYA YAYAYAYYYYYYYYYY ! ! ! ! CONGRATS YAY NOW SLEEP FOR LIKE 3 days and do nothing ! ! !
Here's a three day master class in writing , in one tweet .
Yall I am CRYING . He really came to the newsroom as a paywall .
it will be your own personal version of "" Will it blend ? "" for a bit , but hopefully not not long
4yo : "" Pegasuses are just like horses , except they have wings and they aren't real . "" [ pause , then hopefully ] "" Are they r
do you have some juice or a candy ? Something to get your blood sugar up enough that you can think about eating ?
... wait . But what if you're not trying to attract minions ?
I keep feeding into my own personal darkness . Its an endless cycle , as unbroken as forever , and as sure as the rise and se
Today definitely needs a hamper of puppies .
Depression is wild y'all , I had to look up this thread to remind myself how to get back in my body because I literally coul
time for a benedril ?
volunteering can work , or forcing yourself to work at the library on certain days or something . Basicall
Heh , it is all good . This and the War of the Worlds Rock Opera are the two musicals that featured heavil
Red , Silver , and Black Heart Gothic Steampunk Victorian Chandelier Earrings Etsy SteampunkJewelry
Chunky Long Beaded Necklace With Chinese Coin Etsy ChineseCoin
Two Tone Gunmetal and Copper Chunky Knotted Chain Necklace Etsy LongChain
Black Cut Glass Triangular Chandelier Earrings Etsy LongEarrings
Feather and Vine Charm On Silver Chain Necklace Etsy FeatherNecklace
Tudor Inspired Turquoise Chain Beaded Necklace Etsy Necklace
Cape Hatteras Lighthouse Painting - Fine Art Print of Original Painting Etsy LighthouseDecor
Three Red and Salmon Pink Beaded Stretchy Bracelets Etsy Beaded
Black Cut Glass Triangular Chandelier Earrings Etsy SimpleEarrings
Red , Black , and Silver Gothic Steampunk Victorian Chandelier Earrings Etsy VictorianEarrings
Bonsai-like Pine Tree - Fine Art Print of Original Painting Etsy Bonsai
Garden Sunset at the Palace of Versailles - Fine Art Print of Original Painting Etsy Art
Man i finna go to sleep im tried ass hell
Niggas be like I got hoe only 1 follower
Will you still Meet / Greet after the show is over ? Show me some KC love ! xo pailandshovel
Hurry Home ! We miss you ! Safe travels , Mr . Coates !
... and it's storming here in Jacksonville , FL ! For a change ...
my pal sends you her love ... she is kickboxing !
Lookin good ! I keep seeing you on EVERYTHING ! Love it !
fist pump to the Big Guy ! Merry Christmas to all of you !
amen brother ! That's what I've been saying all along ! Peace man !
thats cool ! was he nice ?
so sorry for your loss david . its been a hard week of loss on this end as well ( hugs )
At the firehouse fightin 61St lhfd 61
download spotify the only ome i don't have is zac brown band one
i kno i can't wait either :)
yes it is good morning honey
I had a bear that big
tell gabby said happy birthday
Exactly 4 years ago today ! via
Whatever It Is by Zac Brown Band
10 Gett 200 followers a day using . Its super fast !
Retweetthisif you like my background :)
follow - - - - > he follows back
I love that look , btw is the makeup in stores ?
Free BG , ( i need a free BG shirt )
Holy crap ! ! ! It's real !
who would ask 100 times ? You're cute and all but 50 times is my limit lol
I'm watching WWE Saturday Morning Slam ( 43 others checked-in ) GetGlue
"" @ZackRyder : This mute feature on the twitter app I use is SSSIIICCCKKK . "" really ?
I'm watching The Amazing Race ( 1764 others checked-in ) GetGlue
Had a dream my hairline was back ! Woke up and went to bathroom , turned on light slowly . Same ol story . Damn ! Lol wishful ...
I unlocked the WWE WrestleMania Moments Series : Batista vs . Triple H sticker on GetGlue !
I'm watching WWE SmackDown ! ( 1233 others are watching ) GetGlue
Bethesda has released a breathtaking range of concept art for The Elder Scrolls Online : |
The Best ' Fresh Prince of Bel-Air ' Parodies From 4chan via
im from 916 pretty much but u know 209 ... 916 doesnt fuckin matter .. haha
so It's straight man bring what you want . Thx for doin this with me mang that is fuckin coo
I see my Fam & amp ; sitting behind the plate at the World Series game Enjoy this L yall bout t
damn im chewing my nails off SFGiants
yeah they are for real getting bitched all over the field
money is the root of all evil , but thats that shit that keeps me focused - Ace Hood _
I'm listening to Ace Hood Radio on Pandora
Sacramento takes on the Lakers in L . A . on Wednesday in the teams season finale . Preview htt
MAC DRE & amp ; MAC MALL - Cuddies say Yee via
Are you really in Midland ? ? ?
Yep . His entire family , which is over 100 people making this a solid yes .
Can't wait to see you Thursday ! :)
I wish I could wake up to this every morning . florida
Fastest decision ever made : "" Do you want to get ice cream ? "" A half a millisecond later Me : YES ! This is why we are friends
Somehow my cousin managed to get a splinter while trying to peel an orange ...
What do you get when you kiss a diseased bird ? Cherpies ... Dont worry though , it's tweetable ... * slaps knee *
First soccer game tomorrow SoExcited
don't forget the shorts ! youneedtogivethemback
Today is a sweatpants day lazy
Do I wanna go to the musical again tonight or stay home and watch movies decisions
PACKERS WIN ! PLAYOFFS BABY :)
A lot if these commercials are really disappointing whyarenttheyfunny
I can't wait to get out of this town and away from all these people who don't know a life past this town
Girls like boys who like country music and take them to country concerts .
So I think Dr . Athey should be fired from giving speeches
Am I the only one who thinks Messi is a bit overrated ?
Venison jerky > > > > > > > > >
First day back at school and I get a pounding headache . Coincidence ? I think not .
The end of Furious 7 was brutal stillcrying
Frank Kaminsky had the best reaction when Wisconsin won on a buzzer-beater . ( via
We're going from this to a VP that believes in conversion therapy . How do you downgrade so hard as a nation
i think God made me with the intention that my body should constantly crave sweets and chocolate every minute of every day
Off to sleep . Goodnight everyone !
I have a Bluetick Coonhound too . He's 11 or something . So 3 dogs all together . Plus a ferret & 2 hermit crabs . Lol
About to watch the movie Dear John on Starz on demand .
What's everyone up to ? ?
I'm at Giant Eagle ( Garfield Heights ) .
I just unlocked the "" Explorer "" badge on
Tweet turnred and turn our map of the world ( RED ) for World AIDS Day
Found a Wizard of Oz desk calendar 1/2 off the calendar store . Also got the Wizard of Oz 70th Anniversary collectors edition for Christmas
I am watching Spartacus : Gods of the Arena ( w /8 07 others ) ( via Spartacus
Happy Friday ! It's 62 yet I'm still inside . Thinking I should clean out my car . Hmm
It's so nice outside and here I am stuck inside . :(
Digital cable box woke me up at 5am this morning when it went crazy .. was making all kinds of noise ( cont )
40thingsaboutme 13 . I would love to travel to space .
Is that normal merchandise prices for concerts nowadays ? ? I don't usually buy stuff at unless I really like the group .
I finally saw NKOTBSB in concert back in June . It was great .
Twins beat the tigers ! ! ! ! Let's go tribe ! Indians
I'm at Walgreens ( 5501 Mahoning Ave , Austintown )
Read my response to "" What's your biggest phobia ? "" :
No , not watching SNL . I'm not watching tv really .
BlackFriday was a success . Got a few gifts . Picked up a couple sweaters & new shoes for myself . Also bought a bunch of DVDs at Walmart .
Who's excited to hear the oscarnoms ? ?
I cut mine in squares and keep them in coin sheets . Kinda boring but I hope to change that . Lol
Want to see the new trailer that just aired on with an extended look at True Blood Season 5 ? WATCH : ...
Mitt Romney is a fracking liar
DON'T BE FOOLED : Elephants do NOT perform tricks unless forced to , often through BEATINGS LiveAtRingling
I earned the Web Reload Badge at My Starbucks Rewards . Start earning your Badges !
"" O say does that star-spangled banner yet wave ... Oer the land of the free and the home of the brave ? "" USWNT USA
I just checked into Gotham Telfie VoiceofTV
WotW Holiday Giveaway Week Begins : The Game of Thrones Coloring Book ! - GameofThrones giveawa
I was at the park ( close to the park at the bar ) during the fireworks show tonight . When was this taken ?
The Most Insane Obama Appointment Yet
MH370 Flight 370 Search to resume with hopes for a breakthrough : via
We know sweety . Wanna be conspiracy theorists can sure be annoying . Thanks for setting the record straight .
I liked a video America's First Spacewalk Revisited In 1965 NASA Archive Video
We luvs our gunz .
I added a video to a playlist Sandy Hook - What Really Happened ?
hey ! i miss you .... and i just found one of your combs in one of the cosmo magazines that you read lol
my classes just ended ! ! ! ! Can you say freedom but ya I'm making decent $ $ $ $
well that's always good and I heardthat
I know right ! !
Roses are red that much is true but violets are purple not fucking blue .
Go home Mayans , you're drunk .
It's war time ! !
eee eeer eee errrr sound of the bed
I'm sleeping with the light on , my electric bill can suck it Conjuring
Waking up to Kevin Hart : Let me Explain ...... let me explain how this is the best morning ever ! myfav hilarious
My teacher is talking about Chipotle ! ! ! Finally a teacher has my attention yum
People who keep asking about or complaining how people are spelling "" ragrets "" wrong need to stop living under a rock werethemillers
Don't worry about boys , we ain't running out
Guys at the gym act like they have never seen a girl before doyouevenlift ?
sounds like me and your little brother just became best friends
I've got some inner demons , and they are not working with me today
If your man actin fruity let that mango
STOP CRYING I LOVE YOU
It's not about having the perfect relationship , it's about finding someone who matches you and will go through everything
I pinch myself a lot .
Staring at my phone after hanging up with bae like damn you got me girl
fifty shades of fuck scenes ...
behind the scenes documentary about how mitch hedberg wrote
A little bit of tlc would go a long way right now .
Glenn Beck is that scum that builds up around the bottom of your shower curtain , except this one has never been changed :)
pearl white biege and red beaded kumihimo necklace by DigitalPixels via
I just added this to my closet on Poshmark : bundle skirt and sweater . via shopmycloset
Several of my pieces at the shop I happen to have photos of
I just added this to my closet on Poshmark : Pearlescent snowflake earrings . via shopmycloset
Enjoying what is left of the weekend !
Two great workouts today . turbofire readyforbed
A little coaching . forthebelt titlefight
Love these ponytail holders from Juju's Drawer ! jujusdrawer ponytail summerhair hair
Perfectly alright with me ! :D
I would hope you liked my ' long ' message ! That thing was a pain in the .. neck ... to write . ;) I ...
I'm doing Sadie's shift right now and Kaylee has a little surprise in the works too ... ;) - I just ...
Photo : I made a comment about the story "" An Enchanting Experience - AEE ~ ~ ~ How much more trouble can a ...
I know ! I felt really bad for doing that to her ... but it had to be done . D: I think the ' rescue ' ...
I posted a new story "" An Enchanting Experience - AEE 14 ~ ~ ~ Damn concussions ... ""
Updates on IL and AEE soon ?
CAN TRUE LOVE REALLY CONQUER ALL ? Meghan is a senior in high school with an abusive boyfriend , a best friend ...
Photo : I made a comment about the story "" An Enchanting Experience - AEE 13/2 ~ ~ ~ They were the shades of ...
pft ! You know you love me ! Haha ! :)
Photo : I made a comment about the story "" Teachers Secret Pet : 4 "" on Wattpad :
Hey ! Thanks for being my 90th fan ! ! ! ! :D You're special ! Haha (: I really hope you enjoy my stories ! - I just ...
Just updated AEE and DotI ! ! ! Go read them ! READ THEM NOW ~ ! Also , I have one fan ' till one hundred ~ ! I am hap-cited !
no problem ! ! ! ! :) - I just posted a message on Wattpad
Photo : I made a comment about the story "" Fallen Wings - TWO : Step 2 ~ Find My Ticket To Hell ( Literally ) "" on ...
Photo : I made a comment about the story "" My Delivery Boy - 31 / Surprised Awakening "" on Wattpad :
Posted chap . 11 of TRR on HeartsGirl's profile Check it out . - posted via Wattpad
Photo : Posted a story on Wattpad - New Story Ideas - Killer Betrayals Support my story by voting on Wattpad !
Photo : I made a comment about the story "" Chasing Possibility - T W O ~ Lana Clarke "" on Wattpad : 92 people ...
I posted a story "" ... Fallen Wings ... One : Ellie ( Step ONE ) ""
Thanks Pedobear ;) I think I'm over it now . I don't know why , but I seriously have ...
Photo : I just dedicated my story to Karlee Gleason :) Read Now
Hey ! Sorry for totally ditching you on chat ! My laptop started making a weird noise and shut down on me , so ...
Just updated Moon Struck ! Check it out , please ? :)
Happy early Birthday ! ! ! :) You should totally update TWYG as a present to yourself ! Haha , I'm kidding . I ...
Gotta be one of the best movies EVER made . Johnny Drop ... <3
Going to try to finish the rest of the new chapter ofSHIFT tomorrow .
I'm convinced he was angry during his diaper change because he heard his favorite tv show on in the
Karina , you were holding him in this . I can't even remember him this small . :(
Abuela is here ! michaelanthony lucasdaniel abuela
I LOVE watching Mike be a daddy . hessoawesome 1dad allmyguys itssunday sundayfunday
mmmmm looks delicious ! ! ! YuM
just saw your "" a family is a family "" special on HBO . I'm in tears . My fianc and I have our daughter and it's an inspiration to see
you're to young to stop caring . This is the easy part of life . Enjoy it while you can ! I wish I had ....
I love you too gorgeous !
I'm so so cold without my babe
Next year is our 3rd anniversary . I'm turning 25 . We're getting married . I'm getting my degree & amp ; ( hopefully ) starting grad
because they knew I was gay . But as soon as I brought my fianc home , they saw how much I loved her
I love this girl right here ! She is the love of my life my soulmate my world my everything ! I miss you baby !
damn it Jodi I told you the gun was overkill !
idk pythons can be really cuddly , and sometimes they love you soooo much they just don't let go !
we are so very blessed . I am so lucky to have my family . My wife and our babe
you're not fits ? Lol can't read can't speak can't type
INeedStraightPrideBecause some trans girls are more attractive than REAL GIRLS & amp ; I don't like it bc I'm not comfortable w
niccceeeee ! Bout flippin time baaabbbeee !
Today is a big step in our march toward equality . Gay and lesbian couples now have the right to marry , just like anyone else . L
This is what an owl looks like in flight .
99 problems but a bitch ain't one lol
This is me almost 24-7 don't know what the hell Im doing but I sure LOVE doing it ! lol cant dance
parents respond . But lucky for me , I got my soulmate ! And she is beautiful and perfect in every way ! blessed soulmate love
I love my creeper wife because she's amazing and creepy just like me ! ! ! ! truelove match made in heaven
Just seeing how the humans like it
aww you'll find her when you're least expecting it . And she will be the most magnificent thing you've ever seen
I'm a homo too . No for real like a legit homo . I love the punnan only yours ! ! ! ! homo-sapien & amp ; homosexual
Here's how U . S . personal income compares to N . C .
Merril Hoge , in 1994 , explaining why at 29 , concussions were forcing him to retire
Honestly didn't realize Green had that many yards or TD's .
. @WCPSS school board adds poison pill to Supt . Jim Merrills contract
None of this can be real . Right ?
sharing ARCA story with Thanks for your sponsorship .
This is probably my fave video on the internet right now
you can't support the right to bear arms and also claim the murder of PhilandoCastile is justified because he was armed
The times , they are a'changin ....
Raleigh on national stage !
Don't let them divide us . This country is more united than ever until you turn on the news . Love thy neighbor . Unless th
A cafe and a bottle shop are both expanding into Chatham Park
Congrats winner of the NCTechAwards Use of Technology - Analytics Award !
Best cities to find a job right now : 1 . San Jose , CA 2 . Salt Lake City , UT 3 . Denver , CO 4 . Raleigh , NC
This goes for adults also . Did you not pay attention this election cycle ?
He should be so ashamed .
Attention teachers in Wake County :
Stop by the booth at the Ga Tech Summit and learn more about how we innovate . TAGGTS
Tonight Game 2 ... Go
Have you played RCC ? ! That has to be on this list .
Teams are off and solving their first challenges with iTech Trek ! Who will finish first ? ? CBConnect 17
Foam maker Nomaco opens new innovation center
Download Cherry Bekaert's Q2 edition of The Rundown , our newsletter covering recent accounting changes :
I was feeling good before this .
Doug McMillan receives the Vernon Malone Friend of Education Award . Thank you for making the Triangle a better place to live .
Need help with a name and frame here . Roughly 18x24 . Kitchen island is the medium . Done with wax color
92 % of Americans think the share of the world population in poverty has increased or stayed the same over the last two d
We're boarding our flight back to Canada at 4:30 PM tomorrow ...
- Oh no , I'm heading up there on thursday . I guess I'll pack my space suit .
Pandora works great through tor . Sucks that I can't just use it directly , though .
but I'd check with Google because I've never sold an Android app
nevermind , watching your youtube
I think I just walked by Harrison Ford on the street here in New Orleans
watch out for exploding fireballs !
also anything 4 + stars on yelp . New York pretty much runs on seamless and yelp
I should be reading books not this crap .
I miss already . You were the most handsome man .
It's your words not your skin color that is doing you the disfavor and any boxing in . Plenty of racially sensitive
It would certainly make him a poor KGB agent .
Thread . Yes yes yes .
if you agree : the Senate GOP's decision to hide their health care plan is undemocratic , dangerous , and just plain wron
Where do ISIS supporters tweet from :
20 years ago today a world that I had lived in alone was suddenly open to others . It's been wonderful . Thank you . HarryPo
Anti-Bullying Handbook Chapter 8: americans love to bully the unpopular so make sure to bully only the unpopular
Lonzo not playing due to a groin injury . Funny , Cal joked that guys that didn't want to play faked groin injuries .
Thinking of Jimmy Carter today . He was working hard helping others through Habitat . I wish him a speedy recovery .
You know who didn't work very hard ? President Loco himself .
Since I'm an American citizen and since the President isn't a king .
Yep . Kentucky . Where all the people collecting SS , VA benefits , Medicare , Medicaid , WIC etc rail against Feds and libs . 1/2
Murkowski told me that at every Alaska airport she went to over the weekend , people came up to her thanking her for her
I think I'm going to write a novel entitled , "" The Fire and the Fury . ""
Our first ACA repeal billboard is now up-right outside of Paul Ryan's hometown office in Janesville , WIThx to support from Th
Boom . A tale of two cellphones . The true Trump vs . the ghostwriter .
Thank you for a great hour tonight . inners .
Weird . Mick Mulvaney insisted that Sandy aid be offset . It's almost like principle is dead .
This is when I want to believe in hell .
Hi , Billy ! Your Dad like me , knows GrahamCassidy aka Trumpcare is bad . Its not care at all .
Since Sat , has tweeted : 15 sports / flag / anthem 7 health care politics / bill 2 NKorea 1 travel ban 1 AL 1 FL
Advice to people to avoid mass-shootings from Sen . Thune ( R-NRA ) "" Get small . "" 20 children died in Newtown . Were they not small
I'm confused . My IRA is up by more than I owe on my car . Why do I still have a car note ? TrumpMath
Do you have a link to it ? Would love to watch it .
Manafort , Stone , Atwater
Trump environmental nominee doesnt believe science should dictate policy
Can we survive this administration ?
Dude , if locking a woman in your office is courtship , Silence of the Lambs is a romantic comedy .
Im so embarrassed a Kentucky native
That's if you're interested . :-)
We guessed right ... Counter Amulet is indeed now an Armor item - Counter Shield ! It even has the same rarity , G ...
Saga Bowl X is in full swing now . A bunch of matches were played last night . You can read all about the action here :
He's the webmaster for Culdcept Central , but the game code has already been claimed . Thanks anyway !
MegaHappyBiscuit has started a very cool series of Culdcept Saga playthrough videos - check ' em out ! ...
The new Earth creature Jormungandr derives from Norse mythology . Known as the Midgard Serpent , it grew so large ...
Only 5 days to go until CuldceptRevolt descends upon us ! Here's a wild combo for you : Hellgrammite + Living Bomb !
Dropping by to say hey ! Hope your weekend is awesome so far !
hell is a room where the wallpapers are all your failed selfies
thankful for the best cousin in the world ! ily to the moon and back x1000 see you tonight bby
PLEASE COME TO NEW YORK CITY ! ! ! WE LOVE YOU HERE ! !
18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18 18
Ariana Grande singing amazingly at the White House !
ladies and gentlemen , my idol
AARON PLEASE FOLLOW ME I AM CRYING AT THIS POINT IM NOT GIVING UP .
JackBirthdayFollowSpree PLEASE JACK ILY 81
Little did they know ..
Will you guys stay with me no matter what ?
NashTo 2Mil please nash ? it would mean the world to me ilysm x90
Video is up ! Check it out ! I filmed it with jccaylen and
WATCH THIS VIDEO ! : 3Guys17Eggs 93
DONE PLEASE TAYLOR ILYSM IT WOULD MAKE ME THE HAPPIEST GIRL IN THE WORLD 52
No matter how early I go to bed I feel like a zombie in the morning
my phone got taken away . oovoo ?
i have a lot of goals in life , but the one at the top of my list is to get matthew espinosa to follow me .
followmecam I KINDA LOVE YOU EVEN THOUGH YOU HAVE NO IDEA I EXIST
i was like ' WAIT CARTER WANTS US TO FIND HIM wUT ' and then it said it was a tv show . well then .
batman , you should ALWAYS be batman .
i just want to say thank you for being my happiness for the past 4 years you've kept me strong i love you - MurrayFTW 50
Saturday morning jumped out of bed
Petition for the 1D Fifth Album Title to be called "" Till The End "" - All in favour of this rt ! Guess 1DFifthAlbumTitle
Takumi is my brother lmao
I want subaki to want dirty things done to him
dabs my forehead of sweat , clears my throat , Swallows bile
I MEAN I suppose you got me there ... lovingly takes care of your hair
I drew one of my sons
me : says something negative about D . Va all yall :
i won't hesitate , bitch
you did this . 2 seconds after I was like "" if you ever "" sir YOURE cute
me : ( rolling my eyes )
Bro , I barely touched you
i agree & amp ; i love otome games . i've had a few where the characters were so lovable i could overlook the plot / vice versa
once I drank two 5 hour energies back to back on a roadtrip and lost my mind . I wasn't even driving , I had no need to
Who wants to hear me do the voice of Doomfist for real ? ?
idk man I have a great time with it ? ?
BRO I know I'm like softcore cowboy needs to burst onto the scene , I want that market CORNERED
I'm awake but only just barely
me : washing a skin infection my skin : falls off it straight up just falls off I now have an open wound
and it's an auditory masterpiece , I couldn't thank her enough
i can't believe someone thought this with their brain and then green lit it for public consumption
when i realise the only person stopping from achieving my dreams is me and my self destructive tendencies
honestly I have it though and it's pretty fun . I'm a pot calling the kettle black
i deleted his bones , sarah
I mean it's cool but it's really not as funny of a meme if you don't have the audio video , which can't
honestly what the fuck is the woman on the right
Charge your phone . with a period and EVERYTHING . this is not a suggestion , its a demand
i hate that you made me see it with my eyes
I JUST ENTERED HOVERBOARD GIVEAWAY ! :D
ketchup on the side only please .
yes please do it now
To the girl from the South Side who took on a role she didn't ask for and made it her own : Happy Birthday , Michelle . I love you .
Spent my day telling my friends how much I love them and how special they are to me . Get you a me
noidont youdo youbeingyou nbd learnfromthebest takenotes theresstillhope
Happy bday Michael jordan . thegreatestplayer theWorstOwner
im not impressed with your face
wanna hear the most annoying sound in the world ? Neeeeeeeeeeeeeh LloydChristmas
Could use a little wind here !
dont construe the message i have for you . cuzyousabiiitch
First Twitter , now you are riding down Saturday with us ? ? stalker illpayyou 20bucks
that sounds like a challenge leggo hiyoubyeyou
haha if only if only
Watching HarryPotter and drinking a little potion with
"" gave it to Rau , and i think i blacked out from there . ""
Mothers day treat thank you mom
So there it is ! What did you think of shadowhuntersSeason 2 ? :)
You can worry and create imaginary disasters . Or you can wait on the Lord & amp ; trust that He knows what's best for you .
You can be a light in the darkness or you can be a part of the darkness , choose wisely .
We're bound together by love , not a bunch of opinions .
Don't get stuck somewhere you should only be passing through .
Never let anyone tell you that you can't do something , because the Bible says you can do all things through him which s
Remember : God is using all of your experiences , both good and bad , to develop your character to match your calling .
I forgot I had this t-shirt .. InTheBin
Astronomy Picture of the Day : Orion Nebula . Image Credit : NASA , ESA , Hubble
Facing God's truth about our lives always results in something good . - Tom Paterson
Beware of false prophets , which come to you in sheeps clothing , but inwardly they are ravening wolves MATTHEW 7:15 htt
If you want to be like Jesus , love the unloveable , forgive the unworthy and do good to those who can never repay you ...
Have the maturity to seek joy in the ordinary and difficult , and believe that God hears you and will make room for you .
Apply your faith and see the Lord lead you to wonderful places you have never seen before .
Sometimes we can become discouraged when we pray and we don't see answers . But we must trust in God's timing , not our o
Passivity in the face of serious wrong is no virtue .
"" Use your voice for kindness , your ears for compassion , your hands for charity , your mind for truth & amp ; your heart for lo
Seek to encourage people , because people really need help these days . They already tolerate enough abuse . Raise them up !
Trico : The Last Guardian - Handmade art doll My biggest project to date is finally done ! Please share with anyone who lov
it's really sad to see how very talented people battle with depression and die at young age .
Serve God according to His will , not yours .
' President Donald J . Trump Proclaims September 3 , 2017 , as a National Day of Prayer ' HurricaneHarvey PrayForTexas ht
It's my favorite too October always seems to have the nicest weather of the year
Thor ! I asked you to safely stow away the carrots for the reindeer ! LegoLokiAdvent
This is sassy Loki meeting Bruce years after what happened in New York , i cant wait for him to meet the entire Avengers sq
NFL or not , I'd say you have done alright .
I've seen waaaay too much PDA today
Extremely confused , but refusing to question ; learning to hope is life's biggest lesson .
it was my sister's teddy bear ! I could never :'(
haha you try running on vacation ! Shit gets complicated
Sports are so much better when you actually like and respect your coach
now , if you swing on that rope to a distance 45 m away at a constant velocity of 5 m / s , what is your average acceleration ?
Sometimes I just want to talk to you , but you live in a place with no phones
I just can't do this anymore
"" Anything in life worth doing is worth overdoing . ""
Two more weeks until Phoenixville Mini-THON ! To raise money for , I will donate $ 0.50 for every this gets . aw
We could stay young forever
I don't understand these feelings
Winning my Keurig was one of the best things that ever happened to me
Happy Birthday , Daniel Radcliffe
thanks Michelle ! I miss you too ICON reunion soon ?
I found a vegan slaughterhouse ...
Drinking coffee at 7:27 pm because Mini-THON
Me : "" Hey Julie , do you want any more corn ? "" : "" Nah , I'm tryin to quit ""
Kinda want to pull another all-nighter just to watch the sunrise again
Rand Paul needs to chill tf out
It's day of miracles for For every retweet I get I will donate 10 to our local Children's Miracle Network FTK
The March Anchor edition is live ! Get your lineup , updates
This is still true if anyone is wondering
KAPPA DELTA IS FOR THE KIDS For every this tweet gets today , our chapter will donate . 10 to Hurry this ends at
Bad timing on your app update ,
Help USCDM make miracles and come grab a SnoBall at Pelican's on Rosewood from 5-8 PM this Wednesday !
I'm so ready for hocus pocus & amp ; halloween town
I have the best friends ever :)
why are piercings so expensive like all you have to do is stab me wtf they should be like 10 dollars
Carolina goal by Meg Morris her first of the year
Not all broken relationships are meant be repaired . Sometimes u just gotta leave the pieces on the floor & amp ; walk away .
I communicate most effectively via snapchat .
Sorry did we just make 2 free throws in a row ? ! goheels
Let's make it 6 for 6 JMM
Chapel Hill is currently hosting a dunking contest mcadoovstokoto
about to enter my first fiction writing class ! ! ! !
Im actually starting to feel alive again after that 3 hour nap .
HALFTIME : UNC leads NCSU , 40-23 .
for UNC FAV for Duke
Bleh , not feeling great . But today is beat dook day ! Again !
What am I watching . I feel like I'm on an acid trip .
Round two baby ! Shut them down ! UNC
I can't date him . He'll mess up my monogram . TSM
It feels so great to get a good grade on a hard assignment !
girls love when guys do this
This is going to be such a great summer !
I'm never gonna fall , but I'm never hard to catch mydarkestdays
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; courage to change the things I can ; and wisdom to know t
Wishing I could get out of my own head .
when you walk into the wrong class
So lucky to have a man who understands when I'm hangry , takes me to the tanning bed , and saves my Pinterest wedding board
I'm earning mPOINTS in Daily for Craigslist .
It's been too long since my last twitter ... had our first child , baby Lily ! ! So much has changed since she's arrived !
Calgary Herald declares Naheed Nenshi next mayor of Calgary . yyc yycvote thanks for the info from the Herald ;)
Market showing faith in energy industry ...
andyhardcastle thanks for the follow !
Perhaps Ms . Redford could tighten the purse strings ? Premier Redford blames economy for deficit .
After canning the BoD .. MT Minister abandons effort to block bonuses for AHS exec's abhealth ableg
Very cool idea ! Atwood becomes 1st author to add secret story to Future Library
$ 250M in federal fiscal stabilization assistance to Alberta . That's ~ 5 % of the projected 2016/17 deficit . ableg
Aprs ski ! Kimberley Alpine Resort
Feeling pumped that training is going well these days ! Lots of help from yyc
Long day traveling today ... YYC to YQF to YBY and return . Dinner from and vino to unwind !
lol ill pass PLEASE go listen to Someday At Christmas by Justin Bieber then ( cont )
yurp , tis true then .
ghettochurchannouncements we will be doing free DNA testing on Thurs . if you think pastor John is indeed your babies fa ...
Some women enter your life for a reason . Once their chapter in your life is over , turn the pageholding on only sti ...
S / o to one of my newest followers TeamFollowBack
fb thankz fa the follow
Don't let this weather fool u , it will change to 40 degrees real quick lol
aww thats wuz up . Im in the Alpha Iota pledge class . But nm jc , in my frat meetin . u ?
For everyone looking for the interview , we have it up here : Full re ...
At the end of the day , my faith , determination , and accomplishments are what motivate me to turn any frown into a smile - A.Co lez
OO thts my ish ! ! ! Throwback
Tiny ugly but she thick as fuck .. I would hit it
We'll fuck wi the white girl lmao
Disappointment can be measured by your emotional progress . The less you try to change your ( cont )
2ChainzBack2SchoolLyrics tardy to class , at least I came ! Ask me again , tell ya the same ! Roll call ? Got 2 names ! T ...
I wanna call you mine .
Adele should have been in the OlympicClosingCeremony
I love that song ! ! ! !
BGC 9 Ricky just want da cookie lol
Megan - Real Falen - Gay Blondy - drunk Andrea-Goofy Zuly - Lesbo Erika - Hood Rima - Hoe Julie - Shit talker Christi ...
BGC 9 lmao at Andrea . Yea cut her off yo . Irrelevant manipulative hoe
Nev Bout Mad Af Cause They Wasted Gas Money And The Camera Man Stopped Recording , He Said Fuck This Lmao
Go cop you a Top Society Shirt and a limited edition Hookah Portable Compliments of
hyfr ! Zuly is sexy as a mutha
It just looks bad all the time .
Yo siya is sexy !
The more authentic you become the stronger people connect with you . Connections are counterfeit when you present a count
I think Allison might beat up some bitches tonight . gotherbackdough
You are the piece of me I wish I didn't need .
I just looked on Craiglist and starting pay to be a surrogate mother is $ 34,000 . I am in the wrong business .
"" Turn this thing off , I'm dry ! ""
Sydney can run a mile in less time than I can . embarrased
I'm so used to Sydney I forget how annoying and stupid most kids are .
Tired as all fuck but it was all worth it . Yesterday was perfect .
$ 10 says and I walk out of the mall only buying sees candy .
Don't be stingy . Send me that shit , dude .
Thank you all for helping me through this time with your enormous love & amp ; support . Cory will forever be in my heart .
' s throw back snapchats > > >
Dude , dirt nasty in Sacramento on New Years .... helllllllll fuckin ya .
My text tone is the mockingjay call from Hunger Games and my father , who has never seen the movie , decided it should also be his ringtone .
I can't walk around Disneyland without a smile on my face .
I should have just said yes . He probs would have given us that ceramic bison for free .
"" @alexdotty4L : I hate when someone says they have a caffeine problem drinking straight java chip fraps bitch thats sugar "" WORD .
Unfortunately on this day education trumped the serenity of an afternoon bike ride .
lolol Alex , you know I only have barf for you
So my speech professor is probably the coolest dude on the planet .
The distance is just too far for me to row .
' 03 Bonnie and Clyde is still the fucking jam .
Finally rolled my chunky ass to the gym . But then got Jamba . It evens itself out , right ?
I don't want to see any type of hard liquor for a loooong time .
I NEVER want to know what happened to Glenn or Jon Snow . I like this purgatory feeling . I'm interesting .
GameofThrones just ripped out my heart and then proceeded to stomp all over it .
"" Girl "" "" Girl I know girl "" InaugurationDay
Can someone please explain to me why the hell desks in college are so small
As a professional photographer this advertisement on facebook cracks me up ! I bet men and women are signing up for ...
I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "" Frozen in Time ... ""
I just flew 399m in a totally crazy game of JetpackJoyride on iPhone . Bam !
If she loves you with every inch of her heart , wife that girl .
Uggs season . Pumpkin spice lattes . And a new iPhone ... It's the white girl trifecta .
mom : * gets into car * me : * violently shakes door handle until mom unlocks car *
When bae being real nice for no reason
A relationship where you're both weird >
Worst day I've had in a while yet still blessed beyond belief
Who said romance was dead ? most accurate description of my love life I've ever seen
Be the girl you want your daughter to be . Be the girl you want your son to date . Be classy , anything but trashy .
I feel like we have this conversation every night ...
THIS IS SO FUCKING COOL
And this is one of the maaaany reasons Why I choose to stay single . Men are crazy
hey I'm a die hard Georgia fan . I despise bama , but at least I can stay true to my conference lovemySEC
i want to meet myself from someone elses point of view
hope you didn't plan on trying again next year . Im sure I will be one of thousands that won't be purchasing again . wtf
Bad morning , bad day
Its November . I cant beleaf it .
me as a wife coming home from the "" grocery store ""
hate to hear it but hey maybe you should take that up with them . You know the people who ACTUALLY have problems with you
Who's going to win Super Bowl 51 ? RiseUp for Falcons LIKE for Patriots
Bravo A great mom , woman & amp ; philanthropist . Thanks IvankaTrump for all you do ! WomenWhoWorkBook .
Writing Commando : Author Snjezana Marinkovic was ' Born In Sarajevo '
Snjezana Marinkovic - Author , Novelist , Poet via
My Dawn by Snjezana Marinkovic featured on Indigo . IndigoBooks via
14 Of The Worst Sentences To Ever Appear In Books
when ur coworkers hate on Aquaman and u wanna fight them
Don't make me go back to work
"" I've seen shit and I'm still a fucking ray of sunshine . "" - me , at work
and better come to Florida on their tour I will spend all of my money to see them
the spaghetti is my regretti what do I do now
idk man I don't think Channing Tatum is actually really real
. @AmazingPhil HappyBirthdayPhil ! I hope all your coconut-scented wishes come true !
Long live the reckless and the brave .
I don't wanna go to that Starbucks
I MISS YOU SO MUCH
Why did I have a dream about Hitler
Don't forget to tell the ones you love they matter
Hey girl , wanna pretend like you're on the Oregon Trail and settle ?
Get Down On Your Knees and Tell Me You Love Me is such a good song
"" I told you to take turns ! We can't look like we're running a whore house here ! ""
Wowza is a very accurate statemate
"" I need a new knife . Mine doesn't do well for cutting boxes ... just people . "" Elizabeth needs to be stopped
I just read "" spider dick "" and "" sex pocket "" in the same sentence
[ friends jumping off cliff one by one ] Me : oh my god , mom . It's happening ...
I just want sharks to know that I love and appreciate them I'm rooting for you sharks keep doing what you're doing
* eats ice cream cone-first *
Robot : * watches TV * TV : Tonight on Fuck , Marry , Kill - Robot : Hell no . * changes channel * TV : Tonight on Ctrl , Alt , Del
CHARLIE BROWN : happy thanksgiving ! CHARLIE BROWNS PARENTS : wah wah wah CHARLIE BROWN : I cannot believe you said that tha
Guarantee : fans will love this Aaron White curtain call . IntelGoesB 1G MarchOnBTN
Down goes No . 3 Iowa State ! UAB pulls off the 60-59 upset ! MarchMadness
3 HOURS TIL THE PLLFinale ! !
Highlights : and score big victories .
Hey I just wanted to thank everyone for caring and making sure I was alright ! I have a partial tear in my hip muscle
Dear Nike , why are you so expensive
Tiny baby vs old man .. Thanks hahaha
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE losing to Iowa State in anything ,
My coach is watching , I screw up . My coach isn't watching , I'm freaking Kobe Bryant ...
How did Bucky get another chance ? Oh my God Nebraska has done it again .
Anytime you get to tie a record set by NILE FREAKING KINNICK , you're doing something pretty alright .
No . 5 Iowa stays unbeaten , downing Purdue , 40-20 . Hawkeyes advance to 1st Big 10 Championship in program history .
Rivals Game of the Week No 4 Iowa vs No 5 MSU Who Wins ? for Hawkeyes Fav for Spartans
Roll Tide ! Im taking Alabama in the Cotton Bowl . CFPVote
Why do Iowa State fans always blame the ref's ? Like just admit you got beat by a better team .
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! ! ! !
Got my National Champs shirt
wanna play a game ? where'suncleblake
Yeah so this Purdue defense is living up to expectations after one play
KEITH DUNCAN ! LEGEND !
Update : Greg Davis is still a fucking cunt .
Well that sucked . Season ain't over yet though . Lotta good things have happened this year . Plus Greg Davis retired .
RETWEET this if you want a new Drive With Me posted right now FT Chelsea & amp ; Mj ! ! !
PLEASE RETWEET FOR EVERYONE NEAR AFFECTED AREAS
Order has been restored to the universe
Paul in the Final 3 ? GOOD WEEK I'm so excited for this season's finale bb18
this game was announced 10 years ago and it's crazy that I'm finally holding it in my hand
apparently there's a 5th bonus episode for this game on the ds ? i'm gonna do that soon probably
johnny's art is beautiful i really love it a lot everytime i see a new upload i get happy
i agree but tales of abyss is godly anime
I've been losing my appetite recently a lot as well in just a week I straight-up lost five pounds without even trying
Thank you so much ! !
Might get my license this month or the next one , kinda frightened I have to drive a car in the country side of the city
you can do it ! !
running on like two hours of sleep almost everyday is painful but now i can finally get more than EIGHT
Good news is , in four weeks my life is going to be normalized again . I will be back pretty soon . God , I am so sorry
My mom put glitter spray in my stocking so I could glitter my titties up before my next trip to nyc
someone who's already a ghost can't die either he never said he had NEVER DIED IN THE PAST
makes sense since Caseys gf is pregnant , the tour wouldn't be much later than that probably
Meanwhile , in New York City .
and didnt remember writing it
the results are in im chaotic good thanks for playing yall
so no one told you life was gonna be this way oOH AH AH AH AH
lena dunham should powerfully consider shutting the fuck up for once
* white woman hands a white cop a can of pepsi * that's it . racism is over
legit my ' best friend ' in high school did that shit to me ALL the time . i would make plans with her an
"" Hey ! I noticed you unfriended me and - "" what part of me unfriending you made you think it was okay to talk to me
once again : conflicted on the new paramore song
Imagine living with someone who thinks that lmao cuz that's my roommate
was gonna clean tonight but i went out for a drink with sara instead so im doing it now , at 5AM , and my bf is probably gonna think im manic
idk what happened but im here for it HalseyIsOverParty
Happy 100th show , Its been such a pleasure working here so far and I'm excited
We have that at work too and I die each time I notice it
this could only be more boston if you listen to the dropkick murphys and sweet caroline simultaneously while you re
"" Hitler founded the Beatles hashtag confirmed "" - me , now starting the ShitShaccQuotes hashtag
And she told people she's not taking pictures
When u texted bae earlier that you were having a good day and weren't feeling that depressed and then shit humans at work ruin your night
I dont know , nor is it my business , and I am not getting involved ...
I appreciate the person badly playing careless whisper on the sax on johnathans st right now
I see your Super Smash Bros . Brouhaha and raise you on Super Smash Bros . FISTICUFFS ( for switch )
Surprised about Louis CK ? Here's every time he told us , to our faces , that he was a creep . When male comedians make rape jok
gooooob morning . there are already . so many smells happening . today . has potential
Every actor who acts in a Woody Allen film should be asked at every interview , Do you not believe Dylan Farrow or do you ju
I have to be awake in 4 hours to manage a show full of screaming children and large puppets so uhhhhhhhh time to mcfreakin die
A look back at the NY Giants 2009 season - That's easy : "" The ( Opponent Name ) s lead the Giants 34-0 . ""
Frank Reich ought to be proud Jon Hamm is portraying him so well on SNL
Oh and FF followfriday too for kickass AND hottubtimemachine .
Me thinks it's time someone else gave Geraldo Rivera another broken nose .
Jones dominates Round 4 . I gave Rashad round 3 but I wouldn't be surprised if the judges gave it to Jonny . UFC 145
Haha ! I read more Marvel comics growing up than DC ones . I do think DKR will be awesome . New Spider-Man looks pretty good , too .
When Collison gets the ball I expect him to look at the camera & amp ; talk about Pam or Dwight - ...
And ref stops it in the 4th . Huge win for Danny Garcia . Khan's chin failed him . Boxing
Love watching Santorum , who loathed Romney after the Primaries , now talk like his tounge is up Romney's ass . RNC
Wow . Marquez knocked Pacquiao the F out . Holy cow . PacMarquez
Great round 1 between Hendricks and Condit . UFC 158
I'll be taking the over on this game ! DT Joseph , CBs Ross & amp ; Hosley OUT for Sunday , CB Webster doubtful
Syracuse is America's best team
Death Valley must have a tanning booth . TheUndertaker WrestleMania
"" Homer at the Bat "" is on RIGHT NOW . Behind the scenes of the classic Simpsons episode :
Do you vote Mike Piazza into the Hall Of Fame ? for YES , FAV for NO MLB HOF
1st day after school off 1 week + minor rain = traffic fuckery . ATLtraffic
Idk if I want to be productive or if I want to nap
I need friends that have kids too ! Let's go to chuck e cheese , let's go to the park , let's get some ice cream !
I just wanna take this moment to thank God . Through the ups and downs you're with me always .
Not very happy I'll be voting for her but my boy Bernie has a point , so please go out and vote
I feel like this is obvious , but if you voted for Trump honestly unfollow and block me . Thanks in advance
I'm sure those 4 students will be very appreciative
I can't wait for all the racist and homophobic parents to take their kids to see the movie "" Storks ""
RENDEZVOUS : UNITED WE STAND
' It is now illegal to ejaculate , unless it's for reproduction '
Girls do realize that they could say they are going to the gym without showing their ass right ? NoSeanMamonas
Nah . They stole a car . They are thieves . Don't try to make that shit sound sweet . Yall called Trayvon a thug for having skitt
Alex Hibbert ( Moonlight ) , Jaden Piner ( Moonlight ) , Saniyya Sidney ( Fences , Hidden Figures ) & amp ; Sunny Pawar ( Lion ) .
But you're pretty , don't hate it
Immigrants are the hardest working people that I will ever know . Shout out to their endless struggle and commitment for
"" Who texted us ? ""
Things fall apart for a reason , every end is a new beginning .
Y'all don't fucking know me . No matter how much you relate , you don't fucking know me
ISIS is out here destroying mosques .... DURING RAMADAN ........... and y'all still think they represent Islam . Okay .
Advice is always welcome but don't tell me "" well you should be doing it this way , that way is wrong "" . Your face is wrong stfu
how I feel after I've showered , shaved , done my skincare routine , and moisturized .
Don't let who's spent his life avoiding armed combat , try and define the image of bravery . TransRightsA
It's annoying how some people are SO completely different on twitter than in real life . Why you tryin so hard to be a sav
PLEASE GIVE MONEY ONLY TO LOCAL CHARITIES RedCross SalvationArmy and other such large NGOs WILL NOT use y
Impeach Trump billboard debuts on Bay Bridge . Let's take a moment to thank everyone who helped make this happen !
Ive been reading a lot about this lately . Theres a genocide taking place over there . You know , ethnic cleansing . htt
Wow . Someday Im going to be a mother . And my child will say some disrespectful comment to me . And Ill have to slap the
One day closer to having Leslie back home
Youre a piece of shit if you drink and drive
Hooked on this series ! The Black Unicorn ( The Magic Kingdom of Landover ) by Terry Brooks via
Fug you , I like the Gaghrav trilogy .
finished IXEOS ( The Ixeos Trilogy ) by Jennings Wright and gave it 3 stars
finished Elusive ( On The Run Book 1 ) by Sara Rosett and gave it 2 stars
finished Phone Kitten : A Cozy , Romantic , and Highly Humorous Mystery and gave it 4 stars
finished The Life List ( The List Trilogy ) by Chrissy Anderson and gave it 4 stars
finished Evan Burl and the Falling by Justin Blaney and gave it 4 stars
finished The Advocate ( The Advocate Series ) by Teresa Burrell and gave it 5 stars
finished Lady Danger ( The Warrior Maids of Rivenloch Book 1 ) by Glynnis Campbell and gave it 4 stars
finished My Name Is Hardly-Book Two of the My Temporary Life Trilogy and gave it 4 stars
finished Skeleton Crew by Gre 7g Luterman and gave it 4 stars
I just finished Love Amid the Ashes ( Book 1 ): A Novel ( Treasures of His Love ) and gave it 4 stars .
Hello , Im a writer in search of reviews for my novel Saga Terra : Odysseus , a talking animal story like Redwall and Narnia .
I completed ' Ocean of Objects ' on Javascript Road Trip 3 via
I completed ' Resources and GET ' on Surviving APIs With Rails via
I just earned the UINavigation
I'm still trying out the corners of it but it has promise .
Goodbye oilers - At least I won't waste my spring evenings watching TV
Can I build a community website in less than 7 hours ? With Django , it's possible .
Settling in to watch the Suns / Lakers game . Go Suns
Today ! CP Holiday Train comes to Josephburg : 4:30 - 6 p . m . Dress warm . Details shpk strathco
US cables dissect Canada's leaders | CBC wlcan
That was a killer shot . I love it .
I'm having a post-basketball beer . healthy
Alabama Shakes on stage now
"" @rockets : Saw create mode 100644 cats . json in a git pull changelog and got excited . Its just a file with JSON . No cats . "" sorry ;-)
Would you be open to letting go of this handle ?
This kid Rick rolled his physics essay
Who are some of the brightest experience designers , interaction designers , service designers ( not just digital ) , & amp ; behavio
NW L Word Mississippi : Hate the Sin Deep .
THIS ISNT VIRAL YET ? !
I would have yanked her ass off the bleachers too .
If this ain't the truth tho
Alot of people showed they true colors this year
Fantasia is different for this song .... but okay .
Shit we've given them half the field .
Man sleeps with his friend's wife , writes a book about it , gets beat up , and acts surprised . ExplainAFilmPlotBadly ht
5 Games . 11 trips to the end zone . And this one goes for 25 . All Doug Baldwin does is score touchdowns . STLvsSEA
That shit scared me right there
. @HillaryClinton re : white privilege . DemForum
I loved this song ... and this video Slave 4U
Innocent cops getting shot for doing absolutely nothing ? Damn sound like a black man
Everything you need to know from today's AppleEvent :
Systemic racism is REAL .
Still too much time left . We gotta hold em !
This is how the NFL wants players to react after scoring a TD
Man that's TD . Fuck that
FINAL : WIN a thriller ! SEAvsNE WeAre 12
And here y'all come with "" NOT MY FAMILY ! CAN'T RELATE ! "" Well , for every one of you that can't relate , there's 10 more tha
388 episodes . 8 years . One last chance to say farewell .
Wow . Just . Wow . Wow . This news conference .
Lol he still bae tho
Johnny Gill recorded My , My , My when he was 23 . TWENTY-THREE . I coulda sworn he was well into his 30s by then bc
Romney : I want to help the middle class . I just heard about them and they seem cool . debates debate 2012
And the refs would be telling us what we need to do better
The difference between orphans and non-orphans is a parent .
Lol . I don't mind the old school way every so often . At least we have time
Julio Baptista plays for Malaga now , he played against Dortmund today .
Waiter : And have you eaten here before ? Me : No , but Ive eaten at a restaurant before . I think Ill figure it out .
I don't think each tweet is really 140 max characters . Feels like way less . Experiment and results to follow .
I want to mute this guy , but I still want to hear the crowd . torn
I don't function well before 4pm
All the Champions League groups ( via
on Sunday Night Football !
In other news , Nani still sucks .
If Romo is indeed out , it's probably time to acquaint yourself with the Cowboys ' new starting QB and his amazing hair
This is a big one for the Broncos ! If they don't win this , I feel like their season's over . SuperBowl
Been standing in this line with the bad fly crew for 3 hours . Will we get in ? Stay tuned .
MUFCBAYERN I expected a close game . United is the best away team in the BPL
In honor of this 2010 WorldCup Final Rematch we're giving away a Jo'bulani ball . Follow & amp ; to enter !
Germany is the top ranked team in the World Cup after Spain went home
Ill live tweet these fireworks in case youre missing them : Blue one ! Red heart ! Fat guy with an American flag bandana threw u
Im very honoured with this art piece in Brazil . Proud to be decorating a wall in Rio . Compliments to the artist ! !
You guys ready for MaddenSeason tomorrow ? for a chance to win this custom LOB Xbox One and 15 . ad
jerseys look cool but ugh that sponsor
Looking back on it ... it was a catch :)
Work wurk wirk werk work ...
I ain't NEVER seen no shit like this in my damn near 29 years on this Earth
This is Duddles . He did an attempt . 13/10 someone help him ( vid by Georgia Felici )
that was utter bullshit man .
Conference calls . :/ managementproblems
Customer : hi my order was wrong and I called Me : ok when was that ? C : oh , about 7 days ago M : who did you talk to ? C : I don't remember . SMH
Facebook unveiled some new privacy features today . Still no warning to alert you if your baby is ugly / filter for ugly babie
lol I know . Dude that game yesterday is what they needed . JD Martinez is the fucking man too .
haha Nate . Oh Nate . He has a girlfriend . He just asks a lot of questions lol .
good thing you grabbed your paycheck tonight haha .
Death , Taxes and Tom Izzo winning games in March .
really what I think it is is that they're trying to cash in on the superhero craze going on right now .
Yup . Had some guy threaten to beat my ass last night . Thank you pints . someonecall 911 idid bye
Do it . I dare you . bringit
Abby told me she would wipe my butt after I poop ! That's real love right there boys n girls
I feel like I annoy you
Netflix needs to upgrade to 2014 movies
A chill date would be going get a krabby patty together
Its funny seeing how some people totally changed over the years to fit in .
Thanks for your lies Sequoyah
I looked at it for like a minute and already found like 12 of them hahaha
CAN I GET A HELL YEAH IF YOU DONT KNOW WHAT YOURE DOING WITH YOUR LIFE AND YOU DONT GET ENOUGH SLEEP
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BEAUTIFUL ! I love you so much ! they grow up so fast ! Have an amazing day princess !
Currently trying to think of every possible reason not to get out of bed
The fact that Brandon is coming over today makes everything better
The Ten Commandments of the aux cord
Drake isn't a rapper . Drake is an emotion . "" How are you today ? "" "" I'm feeling kinda Drake . ""
Really not feeling that whole school thing today .
134 days until football !
Every year I print out coloring pages to color after I finish my final cause I'm actually five years old
90 ' s Fashion > > > >
Jamal sound like he getting tickled when he sing lol Empire
Russell Westbrook is not human
what real friends are for
Time to DrainTheSwamp in Washington , D . C . and VOTE TrumpPence 16 on 11/8 / 2016 . Together , we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AN
Getting a 1 seed is a privilege and it will be a privilege to kick some ass in the coming weeks . kubball
I am delighted that my new novel for adults is published today .
Halloween is my favorite holiday , Samhain ;)
This is Awesome , reminds me of Pirates 101 !
News | End of Nations : Fully Localized Russian Version in the Works : Trion Worlds and Petroglyph have announced ... ...
Show . Wednesday . Don't forget . RamblersRule
Knightly News September 27 , 2012
if you're excited about the tournament "" AOTS's chosen one ""
Although you might want to sit back and enjoy the day , you qui ... More for Virgo
oh he is dropping the robe too , i only ever get wands
Care to line your coffers with 2,500 KI Crowns courtesy of KI ? Your chance is coming up soon right here !
World of WarPlanes | New Cinematic Trailer Released
P101 The Avery Server in the Skull Mountain Zone is over 17 areas full and running at High population ! So many excited ...
I've entered the Panther Poetry Contest over check out what else they're giving away
Legends of the Spiral is having a month of Halloween Contests with Spooktacular Prizes ! htt ...
It's great to now have TWO favourite games instead of just one ! PiratesAndWizardsAreAwesome
The Knights Who Say Ni and On the Horizon Team have joined forces to co-host an event greatest Halloween party of the year St . October 27th .
The Knights Who Say Ni and On the Horizon Team joined forces to co-host the greatest Halloween party of the year ! Saturday , October 27th .
The WarZ kicks off Halloween beta with new content ... thewarz hammerpoint
Even if you're stressing about your inconvenient feelings , you ... More for Virgo
Your key planet Mercury receives fuzzy signals from nebulous N ... More for Virgo
no , its pretty expensive with the micro-transactions
for a 3k crown code . Ends when I get 1400 followers . Must be following so I can DM you code if you win .
Returning to TERA for Fate of Arun ? Give elite status a try with this limited time offer !
She looks like a cosplayer not sure if she wanted to be an aged Leeloo or an aged Starfire . The got a
Wish it was that easy .
GET READY TO RUN ! ! 2017
That my review sits . Split is a very difficult movie to watch . It DOES make a man who has serious mental issues the "" bad guy "" . ( 3 / ? )
Always could use more things .
Guys ... There is a Skottie Young Shirtless Bear-Fighter ! I didn't even know I needed such a thing . But ... I really
It isn't . Spider-man 2 is still the best . But ... This one is probably second .
Movie Theater , $ 7.50 - 2002
Dude ... He needs to share those locks !
Disney's live-action Aladdin reboot casts ' Mummy ' actor as Jafar
The definition of Black don't crack ! Go
Hey look ! put us in the back of some of their books ! And they said it was hard to get into comics .
Good to see there are people out there willing to step up ! But ... What . The . Actual . Fuck . Is wrong with people ?
I know this is pretty specific , but can the comic shop owners in Houston check in with a status update ? Want to know how we
Of course . He needs every penny for those charities he does not help !
Sad faces ! Almost all of our Dark Nights Metal 2 were damaged ! No variants and only five for the shelf ! But ... It '
I know ... But the husband is less comic and more entertainment . That is why SDCC . Would sooooo prefer going to ECCC !
Best Series ? ! ? Vision . Like we weren't surprised that would win this ? FromTheRingos
Happy .... ummmmmm .... New Comic .... uhhhhhhhhh .... ( Yall know I am going to posting these pics a lot . )
Goku . This isnt even a competition ?
Soooo .... When does it come out ?
. @DCComics listening to retailers ! Everyone ! If you would like these AWESOME Doomsday Clock Tees , you can order
Got a Tetanus Shot ( OUCH ) and Blood Drawn ( for going back to school reasons ) and now waiting for a CT scan .... Siiiiigh .
CODE RED : an animated illustration project for TOPIC :
Read the first 6 pages of & amp ; Doomsday Clock 1 on Diamond portal . Im ... broken ... Due
Four years ago I became the first female creator to design a Batman B & amp ; W . I didn't know that fact at the time . This wee
No oops about it !
Quidditch ! ! ! And so much ! HogwartsInTheSnow WBSTLChallenge TheHurtsWalkedLondon
Since I went ahead and spoiled ( hey , it was solicited , so ... ) covers coming soon on Batgirl & amp ; the Birds
BREAKING : Pic just received . NLR police searching for missing 11 - year-old Clayveon Howard . Any info , call 758-1234 .
Worrying about math triggers the same response in the brain as physical pain .
OMG I just died ! ! ! JT NSYNC ! ! ! ! ! !
SpaceX aims for early Saturday launch
DSL GONE WRONG ! ! ! LOL SORRY HAD TOO
I think bullies need help , because healthy people dont hurt other people . DrPhil
. @Eminem ' s most controversial lyrics of all time - - >
The virus that causes chicken pox and shingles may cause another deadly health condition for seniors :
jodiarias REMINDER - if no verdict , but a DECISION , media not given 1 - hr notice so follow us close today .
Here we go . Dodgers will head to the ninth inning with a 4-2 lead . LetsGoDodgers
Reminder that a Tsunami Advisory means there is a potential marine threat to boats or swimmers but not a flooding threat on l
all the dishes you cook looks soooooo amazing ! !
Definitely curious Thx for reaching out - Email me brianarea @gmail . com and we can discuss more .
Thank you for connecting all of us ! So great to collab w / and
This w / ends an NY special issue on life above 800ft , is my fav issue - of any mag - that I've designed . 1/2
If u didn't agree w the striking down of DOMA and u feel "" God's judgment is among us "" , then let God handle it and mind
Plasma Expo Pictures are on my blog
BOARD OF EDUCATION : DUMP GIST !
Science - reviewing distance time graphs in class ! nofilter scienceisawesome physics graphselfie
Prealgebra - per . 3 lesson 4-3 notes part 2
Wedding rehearsal then movies . Days off are the bestttt :)
Best exit ever ! ! ! BB16 ZachAttack FruitLoopDingus
I like the way you drive , just like a rebel child . you make me wanna get barefoot and buckwild - Lauren Alaina
Only your best friend understands that when you say "" I saw my boyfriend today "" you are referring to the hot guy that has no
Wait can I start high school all over again I'm not ready to accept the fact I'm a senior
Fuck perfection , I'm fabulous .
I'm actually kinda annoyed with how big my class shirt is .
counting is hard for some customers
The fact that we have school tomorrow ....
Miss sassy pants herself amanda_banks
' pick it up . ' ' i picked it up last time . ' ' it was your idea to have it . ' ' fuck off '
girls know this is a struggle nailprobs
rt if ur a mermaid princess
This is not what I pictured tonight would be like
I am so proud to be an American ! NeverForget
OMG i would cry for days
Best thing a dad could do
Sorry & amp ; This is what breaking the internet really looks like
Some kid in the cafeteria held up a plastic knife and yelled "" butt scratcher . Do you want a butt scratcher ? "" Like what ?
If you want to laugh watch this
retweet till his son finds a kidney
where did you get that ? ! I want one
My ex texted me today I cant breathe
Google Nexus 7 Black Wi-Fi 32GB Tablet - NEXUS 7ASUS1B32
Natori Dynasty Standard Coverlet Sham
Hello Kitty Girls 2 - Piece Pajama Set - Pink 10
iPad with Retina display Wi-Fi 64GB - White
Valentines Day 31 Days of Love Notes
Puma - Boys 3 Pc Set - Jacket , Creeper ,
Lucky Brand Bowery Blues Regular Fit Shirt
Lauren Ralph Lauren Hill Garden Knit Ballet Gown Sleepwear , Winter Rose , L
Sophie Rose Scottie Dog Corduroy Jumper and Bodysuit Set - Baby
Original Penguin Men's ' Hillsdale ' Corduroy Pants
Halston Heritage Crossbody Bag in Black
L-R-G Core Collection TS Cargo Pant Men's Casual Pants - Olive Camouflage
Carters Toddler Girls 3 - Piece Valentine's Day Pj Pajamass 2T
Women's Pinch Provisions Minimergency Kit For Her With Refill , Plum
WallCandy Arts Mini Dry Erase Decals
Silver Fringe Hem Dress by Venus - Size XL
Ekelund Paskhare Tea Towel ( Small )
Wow ! I just won this for free , Gram Makes a House Call - Christine Borders listia
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Semi-casual dress
Wow , I love I just won this for free , * * * "" HELLO KITTY "" ALBUM STICKERS * * *
Wow , I love I just won this for free , JUNIORS SIZE LARGE 11/13 MICKEY MOUSE DISNEY "" SO FAMOUS
Wow , I love I just won this for free , XL women's TEAL TOP with DESIGNS and Tie on side VERY N
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Minions bandages ( 6 in total )
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Disney "" Treasure Buddies ""
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Books great for reading on 3rd grade - 4th grade level
Wow , I love I just won this for free , XL seamless Leggings TIGER Print
Check out this Avocado Watermelon Summer Salad ! Its sure to add a little color to your summer ! AFMSweepstakes -
The asterisk na "" terms and conditions "" ba ?
Got the most hits of my blog when I linked things with game of thrones . Maybe I should link everything to game of thrones .
So if I asked you to give me a concise definition of boredom , you would ?
Lol I'd probably top it off with BvS when I'm done with the trilogy . Well Saturday's gone .
Then GEJ came and the same people who called him clueless and toothless , etc . are the ones showing up to carry him on their shoulders
Buhari does seem like one of those dads who wouldn't even bother beating . They'd just give that fatherly gaze that will autoreset anyone
I really want to compete in this 9mobile ( ) photography contest . If for nothing else , I want that canon at the end of the campaign .
If you don't get famous for it while you're alive , you most probably will when you die and I think that's seriously fvcked up ...
Jeez . I have written some strong things . Wait . Let me flood the tl .
100k with everything in the shot , except the gotv decoder . DM if interested . Please RT .
Its why "" One Nigeria "" is just two words people can throw around for political correctness and ideological convenience .
For the nupital dance , not the whole thing . I have to play a few penalties so people don't notice I'm not feeding them well .
A playlist of all my fav Coldplay songs cannot go wrong . I forgot Charlie Brown .
"" don't eat of the fruit or you will die "" what we thought : "" holy shit , I'd be struck down and smote "" what God thought : "" eh .. in like 120yrs ""
Come and sleep with my wife na . Mtcheew . I will torture you to death , commit suicide and kill you again . Look at yo
Pffft . I have 8 [ Jesus H . Christ beautifully defined ] packs and I never work out .
I don't know how I'd make money from owning a movie Studio ( other than rentals ) but I can understand a closed abd controlled environment
I think it was Angel Gabriel because even though it was in my dream , I know a message when I hear one .
if this is what being woke is about , please , leave me to sleep .
Lol check the tweet that precedes this one
the entirety of existence is the coin and all we'd ever know , do or be , is either the head or tail that turns up after the coin was flipped .
And I don't know why the Pharisees didn't give Jesus close marking , cos if na me , lie lie .
Man . The man who has to deal with this must have the patience of a saint .
I can't say how much joy it brings me to watch doctors on TV perform next to magic on people . I know it's not real but ...
The thing gives me pimples like dodo . Life doesn't like me
This is actually a very brilliant idea . whoever came up with it should be given a recognition plaque
I feel like I'm about to [ in Jesus ' name , amen ] have enough to buy a new Pixel every year anyway . You know , the sam
Choose it . It won't stop but at least this way , it "" has "" your permission , whether it wants it or not . Choose to live .
are u on dc now ?
Hahaha my cat was hella tryin to get some of my ice cream this morning ! Lmao sillykitty
my head just exploded . when you cry i cry . fuck . fuck god fucking damnit . this sucks major balls . fuck . those are my thoughts at the moment .
So basically it's ' s fault for Verizon being down . I HOPE YOU'RE HAPPY KO ! ! Geez , couldn't you survive one night without me ? ? ?
These people don't play games , do they . GamerGate
Ugggh God I can't believe I have to lick whisky out of my wife's cleavage struggle
Cousins at Grammys in Louisiana . thompsonstaketexas
i love trying on clothes in the comfort of my own home . the lighting is so much better ! come have a
Islamabad : Overseas Pakistanion Ko Vote Ki Sahulat Denay Kay Liye Mutaliqa Hakumaton Say Ijazat Lena Zarori Hay : Election Commission :
Awesome tips to keep the wife happy - News - Bubblews bubblews
Ways to tighten skin - News - Bubblews bubblews
Public - & amp ; - its - rule - News - Bubblews bubblews
Why - is marriage - important via
! ! Milk-save-teeth-from-serious-illnesses ! ! - Bubblews via
Playing cricket ! ! ! 2 ! ! - Bubblews via
Hi , would you like to earn money 1 . ) Install CashPirate from 2 . ) Enter my referral code "" HVOZIU "" at signup .
at the exciting world of Ikon . Yawn
sick thn mc lo ~
wao ~ early morning so happy already ~
I have restart my connection and now is better already , yet it is still below 1mbps .
mas q cierto bro ! ! ! y mas cuando el la oscuridad hubo alcohol de por medio :(
Desgraciadas tareas cmo me desagradan haha ! !
por que ya no tweteas nada ?
I hope my friend feel better ... me too girl
I miss you ! ! ! ! Tj said when he moves to Cali he wants me to come visit with you i'm down you got my ?
Why complain on easy street
A guy in Florida murdered his family because Obama was re-elected . How crazy is that ? ? ?
"" @juanyfbaby : , the earth literally crumbled from below their house and he fell in . HE WAS ASLEEP . O_O "" omg I just looked up the pic ! ! ! Scary
Iggy on her way home after not winning a Grammy
Using my iPod touch for the first time . Not so good at typing on it so far .
Never a bad time for a garbage plate
sorry , I don't speak Spanish
Do we need to wait until May or June for it to stop being grey and cold ?
No milk will ever be our milk .
You beat me to it
Rangers sign Alain Vigneault to 5 - year , $ 10 - million deal or in New York time , a year and four months with monthly team o
Awesome stat about TGO . Jagr , an all-time great , scored 700th goal at age 42 . Gretzky did it at age 29 .
I saved $ 30 / month going from unlimited to 2GB . No regrets !
Latest piece on Boston's dumber-than-dumb Olympics bid includes "" Broadcasting live from Burlington ? It could happen . ""
OFFICIAL : NYR have agreed to terms with FA d-man Kevin Shattenkirk . RangersTown lets welcome home a true New Yorker at hear
I might go to Kari Lynch Music at Shakespeare's Pub in Kalamazoo , MI - Mar 14
Next week we will see ... Jessica ! Top 15Girls YES YES YEEEEEESS ! ! !
I had a blast tonight doing merch for my friend Excellent show with and :) !
INTERNET ! YDADBook is OFFICIALLY OUT ! Get your buttholes to a bookstore and grab one ! A book ! Grab a book ! No
after we met today I decided I needed your CD but your website store link isn't working
Aragorn has perpetually wet looking hair , why is that ? ImNotComplaining
When I go into the club Girls never be convergin ' So just like Popeye's girlfriend I am extra virgin . I'm gonna be a rap
"" Where is Wood ? "" "" Still in the showers . We think he's trying to drown himself . "" HPQuotes
instant first thought . Always the first thought
brenden another holiday without y'all
I'm not even sure what I'm stressed out about right now , but I'm stressing really hard .
Wichita Named Host Site for the 2018 Tournament WATCHUS
Who needs April Fools when your whole life is a joke
Don't have cash for a DHOP ticket ? No worries ! There will be a card reader at the door !
Yeah ;) Kenexa IceParty hrtecheurope Amsterdam 020 looks great
Packing for NYE and wondering if I should pack my own grapes for midnight ? Barca memories luckyyear
Thanks Kate for the new toys ! Happiest kitten newtoys infiniteenergy
Here's a massive infographic - Bold & amp ; Justified : The Huge World of Typography
grrrr save kat ! voicesave ;)
Would be the best birthday gift to win tix to Just need a RT . StirCove concert inittowinit happybirthdaytome
and you could score dinner , tickets , and backstage passes to this Wednesday ! TweetToEat
CONCACAF Champs AndSTILL 1 in the world ! WNTRunTheWorld USA ontoRio
Do you wanna build a snowman ?
My baby sister is 7 months old !
Grilled ham and cheese sandwiches ! ! ! Yum !
Today is actually turning out to be a pretty good day ! ! !
Why do I always want a big ole cup of coffee right before bed ? ! caffineaddiction bedtime
Deace's Daily Diary : November 3rd , 2009
Deace's Daily Diary : April 14th , 2010 :
Deace's Daily Diary : September 8th , 2010 :
Join us Monday in a fastathon to show solidarity 4 the millions of kids suffering from the HungerCrisis in EastA ...
Happy Mothers Day Greater Outreach ! ! ! ! !
Happy fathers day to all the dads , because without them we wouldnt have create the wonder childrens we love and raise ...
I posted a new photo to Facebook
If there is NO PAIN , their is NO PURPOSE . The Greater your pain the Greater your Purpose ! ! ! !
Just check my notification , yes support late , but I want to thank all my follows on twitter . Much is appreciated !
When you are married You should never discussed your personal problems with any one including relative and ...
And he is wild about his mommy ! ! !
Lets spice up our day with a little price is right ! ! ! Win a free body scrub with a hidden ring worth ...
Happy 2017 , lets step into this New Year with boldness , Wisdom and high Expectations . This year is the year for ...
When do I get to see your lovely face again , ? I'm pretty sure we have more adventuring to do . missyou newyork newapartment
Why I have to make myself dinner ? I have no idea !
WSU wins the MVC's automatic bid .
I cannot start my day without my green tea ! ! !
I totally wish we were drivin down the PCH in a vntage convertable Jaguar listening to ' Spirit in the sky ' ! Moviemoments
hahaha you trip me out ! ! ! ! It's like expensive Aeropostale . Yuck !
Recovering with my chocolate protein and flax shake
Got on the scale today ... a gain of 5 lbs ! ? apparently when you start a new , rigorous workout your muscles swell and you retain h2o
Never say goodbye when you still want to try .
Roadtrippin ' with my 2 favorite allies 2ndallieisintheback
Thankful for my mom for cooking up my fav lentil soup love that woman
"" @juliej0 : Stomach pains and vomiting ; my Saturday morning . "" Toldya preggono preggo over this way . That requires sex :(
Can't go back to sleeeeeeep :(
It was nothing , really .
I watching Miley : the movement and I feel though !
Due to my inconsistency last week I am starting week 6 of INSANITY over . And it hurts soo good
I am exhausted , I am exhausted - pillar of white in a blackout of knives . I am the magicians girl who does not flinch .
Every year I say never again to last minute Christmas shopping , and yet here I am ....
Now it's time to get insane ! insanity ShaunT is my boo !
Its friggin cold , man
cracks me up ! He makes this virus less annoying
I've been up since 5am for no particular reason just laying here scopin ' le social media ....
Fasted cardio ! ! ! TeamPumpUp
Seeing more progress ... corework mondaymotivation
I've got my reformers pilates class in about an hour and I'm so excited ! I'm so excited ! I'm so ... scared sorenotsorry
Three years ago God blessed me with the greatest gift : Isaac Armando Aragon . Happiest birthday to my
Loving my new bikini from
Stop worrying about someone who isn't worried about you ain't worried boutcha !
My Nonna's famous lentil soup
dang its like dat ? ! GONE , girrrrllll ! yassssss AnacondaVideo
Taking my yogahabit to the next level and partaking in a 30dayYogachallenge ! Tackling inversions
Swat is letting us out now . We are instructed to walk down stairs and out of building , escorted by law enforcement .
Whites are relatively new evolutionary speaking
Giving someone who is poor money is one of the worst things you can do . Look at how many lotto winners wind up bankrupt .
"" Hey 9S , can I sit on your lap ? "" "" WAIT 2B NO - ""
Nerf secret strike maybe ?
Pretty sure what she did was also rape and she's a sex offender
Bill is a joke now
I bought it 3 times , light weight
Dumb Fun , expecting to see action , explosions , decent plot , and cool stu
It's Kotaku you can stop there as it is a tragedy and a joke all in one
It's blatant hypocrisy seeing as beach volleyball ( tons of pokies ) & amp ; gymnastics all
I know , it's so terrible how he's Locked up all the gays , hung the blacks , a killed all the Muslims ,
Some are speculating that it is lazy design and just recycling assets into
Yes , DSM V has a ton on them .
An email scammer kept asking for a copy of my passport so I sent him this and he is extremely upset about it
Fair use , good luck getting sued
I went and got Arby's today . The sandwich was amazing but the fries made me nauseous . Any recommendations ?
Oculus is much better . I found the PSVR to be only good for some seated vr . Also it was always fucking blurry .
How about just fucking leaving it in Japanese
You don't remember the micro transactions ? Buy resources to build instead of finding them , not q
The switch isn't even a good example of what can be done in a handheld device . It's just a rec
I recognize neither of these people
Mr . President , Allowing Net Neutrality to be over turned will not Make America Great Again . Keepin
It's sad when you are so insecure that you think an unrealistic looking cartoon character's costume is misogynistic
The check mark is just letting us know they have a mental disability
nooo this cant be ! u dont know any thing about goku ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ( @YouTube
How long ! You said the same shit yesterday and that didn't happen ! I pay $ 5 a month to play online and this is what i get ! !
Lol , why I sound like I'm about to cry at the end
WIN Yeezy Boost 350 V2 . 1 . Follow and 2 . Retweet 3 . Comment 3 Friends
I heard there's gunna be a fire drill
Tip to females : Nothing pisses a guy off more than when you reject a compliment .
I just wanna lay down and listen to music all night
So there's a fire in my building and we have to evacuate
That route . That body-control . That CATCH ! ! MUST-SEE : TE with the play of the day
Happy Game Day RaiderNation ! The guys roll up to Cambridge tonight for a 7:30 kick ! Let's do this !
Why do people that have been dating a long time start to look like siblings
I spent a check on the .....
MTV CRIBS used to be like this
All wristbands for the show tonight with Future have been distributed . The show is SOLD OUT .
Whoever made this going to hell
Yep , he's back . Tony Romo presses the SPIN button , escapes pressure and finds a WR open for a 1st down . DALvsMIA
When you text her with plans and then see her tweet "" omg I'm so bored someone hang out with me ""
he has a 6 - pack now . He's not playing around this year
People filled with anger that have nothing to be angry about living a lie
Cant watch the news bc of all the lies
Finally , all of you , live in harmony with one another ; be sympathetic , love as brothers , be compassionate and humble . - 1Pet
Nothing will be impossible to you . - Mat 17:20
FOLLOW & amp ; for a chance to win this Exlusive GotGVol 2 poster signed by the cast & amp ; Get IMAX tix :
Look who's back in the Bay ( via
Don't procrastinate there's no time to lose . - Proverbs 6:4
And He said . "" Your faith has made you well ; go in peace . "" - Luke 8: 48
I spread out my hands to you ; my soul thirsts for you like a parched land . - Psalm 143:6
Do not judge so that you will not be judged . - Matthew 7:1
I am with you always - Matthew 28:20
Do everything in love . - 1 Corinthians 16:14
Kyrie to the Knicks for Carmelo makes so much sense right now . Plus Cavs sign Derrick Rose in that case
I sought the LORD , and He answered me , and delivered me from all my fears . - Psalm 34:4
Submit yourselves therefore to God . Resist the devil , & amp ; he will flee from you - James 4:7
just showed us he's capable of being a starting NFL QB . Ready to see him with the first team in next weeks gam
I pray to you , my protector . - Psalm 57:2
I voted for the 12ThunderIn2K over the ' 08 Nuggets in 2KClassicTeamTournament . Whats your pick in match-up 4 ?
And He said . "" Your faith has made you well ; go in peace . "" - Luke 8: 48
I can do everything through him who gives me strength . - Phil 4:13
TOUCHDOWN BROWNS ! KIZER SNEAKS IT IN ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Come on you say this every week and then you never follow me . Can I get a follow this time please ?
Peep the comments , Isaiah mentions ' they '
Fight the good fight of the faith . Take hold of the eternal life to which you were called . - 1Tim 6:12
Respect those who caution you - 1 Thessalonians 5:12
I sought the LORD , and He answered me , and delivered me from all my fears . - Psalm 34:4
For God so loved the world that he gave his one & amp ; only Son , that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal
If you keep believing , you can write your own ending ... AllForOne TheFirstCedi
News flash : Cavs as a team shooting 82.6 from free throw line , which is 3 rd in NBA
Cavs shooting for IT to return in mid-December , per
RETWEET and MUST be Following for a chance to win this 47 Cleveland Indians 2017 American League Central Champs shirt fr
From is a perfect 5-0 in WWE championship matches at PPV events . The only other superstar in WW
Sometimes I wonder why I care bout going out
lol too funny ! Maybe when I get the 46 inch a should cohost one hehe
Esp mine ! It doesn't matter how old Leo are ? If they lose their mom in supermarket they are gonna panic .
I finally got to watch rhoc ! I love ' s mom ! ! happyclaps fairydust can't wait till next week ! !
I got my new photobook in the mail from today ! Love love love it ! 10yrAnniversary Europe
please say this is when Briana is on ! ! !
Are we sad to see Walter go ? You're goddamn right . GoodbyeBreakingBad
Finished the tree , still many things to unpack . I found the cat ornament last xmas after many yrs
Got a Lil something in the mail today ! this ! SaveTheDate
Had a fantasy I ended SOAFX with Jax waking from a daydream as he rides . Pull back to reveal he's on a Vespa pulling into a
Stevens back ! ! ! ! ! scandal TGIT tbt
remember there's one piece I didn't finish ! Thankfully it'll fit in a way smaller box ;)
Happy birthday randi_dee ! ! I hope you have an amazing year ahead of you ! ! !
I found out the hard way , I loved you more than I should . HunterHayes
"" To all the girls that think you're fat because you're not a size 0 , you're the beautiful one . It's society who's ugly . "" -
Happy nationaldonutday ! ! ! ! You better bet I'm celebrating !
On July 11th , 7-11 gives out free slurpees in honor of 7/11 day .
I want people to realize that there's so much more to beauty than being tan and having a nice body .
Stunt Night 2013 is sooo soon ! What's the theme you might ask ? ! Well let me tell you ... tomorrow night
You left me on the corner cryin , feeling like a fool for tryin . I don't even remember why I'm wasting all these tears on you . mylifeinsong
Everybody's got somebody but me . - Hunter Hayes
you're in Dallas ? ! ? ! I live like 5 mins from north park !
you really wanna give me that kind of liberty ?
Me : * romantically sings duet with myself *
This kid sized drink is perfect for my minimuffinhands ! cocoa starbucks coldsummerdays
Playing heads up with the kids on my van and the word is llama so we gave the clue "" your mama is a ... "" And she goes ALPACA ! vistagoestocamp
Watching really makes me want to have a big family Also makes me miss my brother and sisters ! family
{ #dressember day 7 } ] Your love so deep , is washing over me . Your face is all I seek , you are my
Dear girls : you know you can't trick other girls with your NoMakeUpSelfies right ? Cuz bitch I can see your lashes . And
Call me old fashioned , but I prefer women with eyebrows made out of hair
Kinda wanna workout kinda wanna eat loaded cheese fries kinda wanna nap for five days kinda wanna get my life together by
Sneezing with a mud mask on might be the most low-key painful situation I can imagine ! frozenface animatedsneezer
Bear with each other and forgive one another if any of you has a grievance against someone . Forgive as the Lord forgave you .
Thank you I think you're beautiful ! ineededthattoday lovemybirchbox
Got some good Jesus time in while my sweet girls sleep ! Now just waiting for them to wake up so we can start this amazing day ! Vistayouth
and you guys say you'll never use math in real life !
Don't worry about the 5 dead people and countless homes destroyed , let's just post all the lost cats and dogs facebooklogic disappointed
Replaced Trump's eyes with his mouth and it looks the same
Took a little trip to Oklahoma ! tonight to see these cuties ! I am so proud to have such talented
Pumbaa : Anything we can do ? | Simba : Not , unless you can change the past . The Lion King
THE CRU WINS ! We're headed to the Stagg Bowl ! GoCru
Rushing my mom through Walmart cause we are in my hometown and the longer we are here , the more likely someone we know will find us
Detective liska is capturing this grad ceremony second by second . Thoughts - Going well , going fast ... Good times !
Yep , this just happened . Kindness .... being helpful ......
Beautiful day for tennis ! check out spirit of the game at the net !
BHHS Wolves ! ! ! Survive and Advance ! ! !
My students blown away with how Sepak Takraw is played at the highest level .
Awkward family photo 3rd period .
Went ahead and rewarded 1st and 5th . No non-suits the past few weeks ! ! ! Taking pride in PE preparedness !
Luke and Cameron winners 6th
1st and 2nd fresh people , 3rd weights , 5th and 6th freshpeople
See ya Miss T from 1st and 2nd
News out of Tumwater today :
3 is a magic number ! Kailyn Berry , Greg Bert , and Lisa Summers at SHAPEWA 17
Just read that does not give PE teachers a discount ... only fitness instructors ? ? Do they think we go to the beach a
just finished a Runtastic walking of 3.81 mi in 1h 06m with Runtastic PRO iPhone app :
His rare disease of course
"" wallow then swallow ""
More ice , Advil , and a soft bed please
A forty page project with a team full of foreigners who can't speak english .. I can't think of anything more fun ! thanksAtkin stressed
Sometimes you need to talk to a two year old just so you can understand life again
It's Easter night and it's finally sinking in that finals start tomorrow
Jacquees is going to be in mansion elan tomorrow I have go see him
WildThoughtsATL Tonight at Museum Bar Wet T-shirt contest Deep throat contest Lap dances X8 4
FreakFestATL x CollegeKhaos SATURDAY AUGUST 26 - WHIP CREAM - FREE COTTON CANDY - HENNA TATTOOS . - 17
FreakFestATL x CollegeKhaos SATURDAY AUGUST 26 - WHIP CREAM - FREE COTTON CANDY - HENNA TATTOOS ! X71
FreakFestATL SATURDAY ONCE IN A GENERATION EVENT - WHIP CREAM - FREE COTTON CANDY - HENNA TATTOOS ! X9
FreakFestATL TONIGHT ONCE IN A GENERATION EVENT - WHIP CREAM - FREE COTTON CANDY - HENNA TATTOOS X11
LABOR DAY WEEKEND TwerkOeDieATL SATURDAY NIGHT HARLEM NIGHTS EVERYBODY FREE TIL 12 18 + ONE NIGHT ONLY ! x3
LABOR DAY WEEKEND TwerkOeDieATL LOFT PARTY TONIGHT HARLEM NIGHTS EVERYBODY FREE TIL 12 18 + x65
ATLRaveFest SATURDAY - RAVE COMING TOO ATLANTA SATURDAY GLOW STICKS , SMOKE ROOMS , BODY PAINTING .. x 39
ATLRaveFest SATURDAY - RAVE COMING TOO ATLANTA SATURDAY GLOW STICKS , SMOKE ROOMS , BODY PAINTING .. x59
ATLRaveFest TONIGHT - RAVE COMING TOO ATLANTA TONIGHT GLOW STICKS , SMOKE ROOMS , BODY PAINTING .. x59
ATLMardiGras SATURDAY BRINGING N . O . TO ATL $ 500 BEAD CONTEST FREE UNTIL 11:30 pm DOORS OPEN 9pm x56
ATLmardiGras TONIGHT ENTRY TIL 11:30 .. $ 500 CASH FOR FEMALE w / MOST BEADS ( read flyer 4 rules ) x5
ATLmardiGras TONIGHT ENTRY TIL 11:30 . . $ 500 CASH FOR FEMALE w / MOST BEADS ( read flyer 4 rules ) x6
AtlantaHorrorStory is back Indoor / Outdoor event FREE drinks all night FREE till 12 in costumes X32
AtlantaHorrorStory RETURNS OCT . 28TH BIGGEST HALLOWEEN IN THE CITY IS BACK COSTUMES FREE TIL 12 OPEN BAR X3
AtlantaHorrorStory RETURNS OCT . 28TH BIGGEST HALLOWEEN IN THE CITY IS BACK COSTUMES FREE TIL 12 OPEN BAR X53
AtlantaHorrorStory RETURNS OCT . 28TH BIGGEST HALLOWEEN IN THE CITY IS BACK COSTUMES FREE TIL 12 OPEN BAR ! X33
AtlantaHorrorStory RETURNS SATURDAY ! BIGGEST HALLOWEEN IN THE CITY IS BACK COSTUMES FREE TIL 12 OPEN BAR .. X13
NightMareAtTheMuseum HALLOWEEN NIGHT ATL'S BIGGEST COSTUME PARTY 3 HAUNTED LEVELS COSTUMES TIL 12 X8
AtlantaHorrorStory RETURNS TONIGHT ! ! ! BIGGEST HALLOWEEN IN THE CITY IS BACK COSTUMES FREE TIL 12 ! ! X55
MidTownLoftParty HUGE LOFT PARTY SATURDAY Everybody FREE Drinking Games Moon Bounce Live Animals X39
MidTownLoftParty HUGE LOFT PARTY SATURDAY Everybody FREE Drinking Games Moon Bounce Live Animals X99
MidTownLoftParty HUGE LOFT PARTY TONIGHT Everybody FREE Drinking Games Moon Bounce Live Animals x96
Saturday 11-18 ATLRaveFest ! Live Body painters Glow Sticks private rooms - WHOLE CITY IN ATTENDANCE X64
FREE LOFT PARTY TONIGHT Everybody Free Until 11:30 pm - Drunk Dice - Beer Pong - Free Plates - Free Sh
LITlanta LoftParty this TONIGHT "" Who Spike The Punch edition "" FREE HENNY SHOT Beer Pong Free ENTRY til 11:30
ChristmasFreakNik SAT . DEC 23rd BLACK SANTA IN ATTENDANCE SANTAS NAUGHTY DANCERS SPIKED EGG NOG FREE GIF
ChristmasFreakNik NEXT SAT . DEC 23rd BLACK SANTA IN ATTENDANCE SANTAS NAUGHTY DANCERS SPIKED EGG NOG FRE
BlackCollegeReunion x WinterFest CONCERT AFTER PARTY THIS SATURDAY EVERYBODY FREE AF UNTIL 12 PULL UP ! x66
ChristmasFreakNik THIS SATURDAY BLACK SANTA IN ATTENDANCE SANTAS NAUGHTY DANCERS SPIKED EGG NOG & amp ; FREE G
KarmaNYE 18 BIGGEST NYE CELEBRATION IN THE CITY CLUB KARMA 18 + EVERYBODY AF FREE TIL 2018 - FREE BREAKFAST
Have an issue ? I'm your tissue !
heheh happy birthday anton : - - - ) enjoy my sandwiches 4 dAyzzzz ill download ur mixtape
Thank you saraaaa :D ( btw nice costume )
HAHAHAHAH oops :) ) (
today for my birthday , my grandpa gave me 3 books filled w stories of each time he hung out w me from the age of 2 to 5 . I a
100 % | No Reset :
Super Mario Maker Viewer Levels !
The start of another Mario Maker stream ! We are back !
adambiggers how about them tigers ! !
Shoutout to for hanging out today during the USAvPAR match SoundersFC USMNT
reading about gay animals on Digg
biked 2 a nearby city . stopd 2 gt sum gatrade . watchn milfs entr 24hr fitness
- I'm drinking Kalik beer from the Bahamas . Ask egot if she knows that . It's really good .
ofc , why r old ppl picky abt stamps ? who gvs a fuk . js pk 1 n go gram cracker hip !
eatn peanut buttr sanw . ran out of blueberry crumpets
Podcast ep56 is up or download the MP3 here :
Free Cupcake at Sprinkles via Coupons and Freebies Mom - We don't have a Sprinkles in our area , ...
Register to Win The Ultimate St . Patricks Day Experience in Dublin , Ohio
Hurry an Easy $ 15 Free ! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - GO GO GO because the ...
Essential Home Belmont 5 Drawer Lingerie Chest Only $ 40.00 At Kmart ! via Coupons and Freebies Mom ...
Free Amazon Gift Cards + Free Full-Size Products ! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - Want to snag FREE ...
1st 500 Win Free American Express Gift Cards ! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - 1st 500 folks can Win ...
FREE Expensify T-Shirt | Free Samples Without Surveys | Page 2 via
Call 811 presents : Can You Dig It ? Win prizes , watch out for the pesky gopher , & amp ; learn about dirt ! safediggingmonth
Aaron's is Amazing Affordable for Furniture , Appliances , Electronics and More ! via Coupons and ...
You could WIN an ED Ellen DeGeneres prize pack , $ 500 Bed Bath & amp ; Beyond Gift Card . Daily chances to win ! sweepstakes
I just signed up to win a Countdown to Summer prize package from
Your kids will have so much fun that they wont realize theyre exercising ! Sponsored -
Cosco Toddler Umbria Stroller Only $ 5.59 At Kmart ! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - This is a great ...
Beer Can Chicken is the perfect way to unwind Promotion PerdueCrew -
Kool-aid Canisters Only $ 0.44 At Walmart ! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - Its nice to have ...
Free $ 30 Worth of Clothes or Shoes + Free Shipping ! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - Free $ 30 Worth ...
Free $ 3 $ 100 ! How Much Will You Get ? via Coupons and Freebies Mom - Free $ 3 $ 100 Surprise ...
FREE Smart Phone Cell Phone Cases lots of styles ! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - FREE Smart Phone ...
Dentek Flossers Only $ 0.98 At Walmart ! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - Don't you just hate when you ...
Aussie Hair Care at Walgreens ! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - If you love any kind of hair care ...
Spectrum Cooking Oils Only $ 0.99 at Target ! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - Get hot freebies & amp ; ...
Free H & amp ; H Remedies Product Sample ! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - If you have been looking for a ...
TacoTuesday awaits . Get out of your weekday rut with promotion PerdueCrew -
Win $ 100 Kmart / Sears Gift Card [ Use Online or In-Store ] ! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - We're ...
Cute bicycle spoke decorations ! Bike Wheel Spokies set by Wheely Bikes ChristmasGifts GirlsGifts Ad
I just participated in an AmazonGiveaway for Fire Tablet , 7 Display , Wi-Fi , 8 GB - .... Check it out here :
Check out our new prizes this month ! Now available for your chance to win . Contest SunbeltBakery -
Win 8 Paperback Thriller Novels !
Grab some Caprese Popcorn skewers because they are bursting with flavor ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
I'm raising money for Send Me Home to Visit My Family . Click to Donate : via
One year of funky socks for you + a friend ( or your grandpa ! )
Love watching Chrismas movies Christmasspirit
if u loved sweet shot or if u liked seeing get beat up by a little girl ImpracticalJokers
Just watched a bunch of Dexter Season 8 teaser trailers ! I cannot wait for Sunday !
At 12pm , I will be strapped to my TV watching the PLL marathon ! donotdisturb WorldWarA
I finally got a chance to try the glowing green smoothie . So delicious ! ! ! Thank-you :-)
I live for Snapchat stories ! !
My favorite books are the ones that rip me apart internally and shatter the very core of my being into 1,000 pieces
that's me taking something i am passionate about , using my college degree , and doing something to combat the injustice i see
If you have to blow into a Tostitos bag to know if you're intoxicated , for the love of all that is holy , DO NOT DRIVE ht
~ most conservatives believe in common sense gun reform so we can't even blame this on political ideology alone . trump is just a moron
it doesn't take an expert to realize these concerns , either . anyone with a basic understanding of how the gov works should be scared too
. @realDonaldTrump They did . It wasn't .
just found the PERFECT apartment ... too bad i can't have it until december
sharks belong in the ocean , that is their HOME . you , on the other hand , do not belong in the ocean . YOU are the foreign invader
OH NO :( i hope he gets better ! !
idk if yall know this but u can give money to a homeless person and ask a special needs student to prom without posting a vi
YA . its through a company called DK Security . they employ secret shoppers for spartan stores & amp ; i was asked to do it for sheenas
it's so funny watching him hop around his massive cage , bc his cage is meant for a lop and he's so just so tiny lol
luv luv luv when customers blame ME when their cards get declined for insufficient funds :)
My ex and I split up two years ago and he still sends our dog , Apollo , a birthday card and gift card to petco on his birthda
why does everyone in my family feel the need to YELL when they're on the phone
this twitter update is U G L Y
I think about this every day
& amp ; the best part is , it counts for 3 elective credits tht are transferable at any 4yr university . + p
This man is literally not cute at all I cannot be the only one trying to understand the hype he gets
North Korea : let's scare the US with a nuke threat The US :
Trumps thoughts on : Obama - disaster Paris - shithole White House - dump Boy Scouts - liars Neo-Nazi rally - many sides t
there's nothing greater than growing with your significant other
Idiots . OBAMA WAS NOT PRESIDENT DURING KATRINA .
Trump thinks hitting a woman with a golf ball and knocking her down is funny . Myself , I think it indicates a severely fuck
my heart skipped a beat when he kissed him on his tiny head and he closed his eyes
The Catastrophe by Grutzner , 1892 oil on canvas VS Kevin Spills His Famous Chili , The Office , 2009
i literally made a motherfucking SHRINE in the corner of my bedroom and sat and cried by it every night for 2 weeks
tbh i am not the person you want to be texting in an emergency , my notifications are off & amp ; im on Do Not Disturb . i haven
the k9 in the video that catches the ball really fast has his own instagram and its great
Roasted Garlic & amp ; Chive Dip :
I'm lonely ..... Ask me stuff ? :
Q : wat size bra do u wear and pznties or thongs ? A : .... not going to say to Anon .... sorry , b ... :
Ask me stuff ? :
MOTHER FUCKING LIFE ! ! ! ! ! I hope my mom chokes on a fucking knife ! ! ! >.< Okay , ask me s ... :
How do you feel about me ? - - Vote Now !
Had the weirdest dream ever ! But I still feel like an unloved , scummy , loser ! :
GRRRRRRRRRRR ! Starting to hate my computer AND myyearbook ... -.- :
Q : Are you ... slow ? A : no :
Q : Do you like to makeout in movie theaters ? A : Well , I've never even made out , so Idk :
Q : what are you plans for this coming summer ? A : Absolutely nothing .... Ah well , sucks for me ! :
Black coffee is poison to me . It makes me think too much . :
Q : Not at all . Just don't know if I . might be A : Nah . :
Wish to ask me more questions ? XD :
What can I do to get away from my brother ? I listen to your music , but sometimes that seems to make him more violent . : C
Q : Rate ? A : 5 out of 10 . Sorry . :/ :
I love how I keep having to explain to younger guys that want to date me , that I only like OLDER guys . Stop people . > . >
Just to let you all know , I'm rarely on here anymore . So , don't feel bad if I don't r ... :
I'm always myself . Except in public . I'm too shy to even deal with most people . :/
Shut up . You know what I meant . : 3
Okay , so I'm kinda pissed . Gonna go freaking nap it off . Night night ! o /
I love this song when it's sung by you !
I am so lonely that I am marrying _ . Yes . I do mean that thing . No name . Literally _ . What the hell am I doing with my life ? foreveralone
Got my X-Box ( 360 ) set up . After unplugging all my stuff . . - . Now my back hurts .
I have a horrible taste in my mouth now ... Why did I decide to go get the fillings ? ; - ;
I was expecting Edgar to eat Pewdiepie ... Or did Edgar hack the account ?
I still hate her foe it to this day
smiling like the cat that ate the canary . ;)
Poor Can't catch a break . bagsearch 2016 is back on !
I have completed the quest ' Upgrade 3 Huts to ... ' in the Android game The Tribez . androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 140 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I have completed the quest ' Upgrade 2 Warehous ... ' in the Android game The Tribez . androidgames , gameinsight
Better yet , lets just purge the 400 families of the Elite . All the power monsters . It can be hand to hand . Theyd still find a way to cheat .
I dont even know how you are legally still running . Your a career criminal , by simple dismissal of your oaths to U . S . office
you called me dad . Are we doing some ddlg stuff ? Lol
As i put her leg over my shoulder , my throbbing cock penetrated deep inside her warm pussy . She gasped , then moaned loudly in pleasure . fwb
This was quite something . After attacking CNN , Trump refuses to answer a question from and says "" you are fake news ""
Please look into Holistic Medicine . Your Diet is causing Cancer from process and microwave foods . Cancer can't survive alkaline .
Far from ugly . Just beautiful .
Not looking forward to work tonight , still feeling a bit sick
hell yahhh ! thats purrrfect
TweetYourFear losing my mom .
Yep . This just happened .
the world is so beautiful . go see it .
In a letter to Comey , Pres Trump says he concurs that "" you are not able to effectively lead the Bureau . ""
Problem is hesaid / shesaid isnt enough for the House to start impeachment proceddings
Pres Trump takes to Twitter to reflect on his meeting with
Fortunately cubs play in worst division If we were in AL west wed be 9 games outta first
Now the protestors know to show up too
Glory literally out on a limb ! Predictions on a fledge date ? americaneaglefoundation dceaglecam baldeagles DC
If you stay silent , or smile politely , when others are making racist comments or "" harmless jokes "" , you're contributing .
Sometimes even the so called star players need that wake up call to rejuvinate themselves
can we throw the whole season away and start over ? weve played 77 games and are almost right where we started season
If any one could pitch in to help our beautiful Girl Loilta it would mean SOO much . Hugs ! ! xoxo
Support Samantha Bee & amp ; Planned Parenthood & amp ; buy a Nasty Woman t-shirt !
They got tired of the late night talk shows using clips to make fun of so dont expect
they passed obamacare without any repub votes so why are you surprised they will try to tear it down without dem votes ?
Animals with more sensitivity than many people .
Illinois makes ' Barack Obama Day ' a state holiday
are you bears fan or do you have a diff fav nfl team ?
DEER RESCUE STORY Click the link to read the story thanks
BREAKING : Trump aide's email scrutinized after Hill investigators find mention of proposed Trump team-Putin meeting
Leo and I are donating 6 lbs of dog food to Houston for every retweet this gets ! ! ! ! RT ! !
Minn Appellate court in last week denied all the remaining claims to be an heir to Prince So 6 it is ! !
Please retweet if you agree ... The greatest threat facing the United States is none other than its own president . ht
He hasnt changed a bit he would still vote to repeal and replace if the right plan were presented
"" Our nation is heartbroken , "" says Pres Trump in proclamation calling for flags to be flown at half-staff until sunset Oct
Eddie Olczyk back at the UC with an awesome chant from the crowd
Im just hoping Joes dumb move not to use Davis in 8th inning of game 2 doesnt haunt us and bec
A good friend of mine is going through a lot right now . Please send some prayers . Thank you !
Go here for your chance to have dinner with me & amp ; the worst actor of our generation MattDamon
Give yourself a treat this Halloween with our Spider Web Pumpkin Cheesecake . ItMustBeThePhilly Recipe :
how do you know he hasnt already done that and found that clinton and the dnc have done nothing wrong ?
Honestly .. I don't wanna hear ANY MORE about Men Losing their Jobs because of Womens Allegations until we do something a
VoteForRoyMoore was one of the most popular hashtags shared today by Russian-linked Twitter accounts
TY America , you created the monsters . Misfits think no matter what they do , America loves them . & amp ; they let us know - All . The . Time . bbott
The care package will be good for the house if it goes to Alex . They will be forced to hang out and that will be fun ! bbott
That was hilarious ! Kryssie : Scott , we've had our ups and downs . Morgan , you're dressed like Scott . BBOTT Best nom speech ever .
You obviously don't watch the feeds . Ignant
By Danielle and Jason's rationale for Scott being a bully , they're the biggest bullies in the house . bbott
Alex : Whitney isn't even hanging out with us and our alliance member is going home . It just hit me like a train . bbott
Don't let the only 2 guys in the house be taken out . VOTE Jason for Co-HOH this week's CP ! Alex for AN ! BBOTT BBLF
Dani's voice is on my nerves . She keeps talking and talking . She should go out in the DE . There's still only 2 BSers left . bbott
Are people not listening to Dani's conversation ? Bragging about how smart she is ... She always does this . Send her home . Kryssie AN . bbott
Doesn't she have anything better to do ? Over these bbott players on twitter .
I still feel it was a dirty win ... Waiting to pull out the sympathy card at final tribal . survivorfinale
"" Well , you're the president . trump : Good answer . "" Oh boy . I can't . Take . It .
This is the only travel ban we need . SaturdayMorning SatChat NewJobsForKellyanneConway
Drag me to hell . unitedAIRLINES united
Dillon pretending to talk to Bruno on the phone : Neda punched Sindy in the face , eh ? bbcan 5
Well , we know what republicans in our country are . Ignorant , violence inducing scum .
How does a thin-skinned lawyer get the top law office in the country ? Oh right , Trump . SessionsHearing
Another hero ... Right up there with Yates and Comey . Fight the good fight .
Jason : She won HOH and we're STILL in here by ourselves . bb19 They'll be begging to be upstairs and they never even came in here ever .
I can't help but wish Jess ' temptation was the coup d'etat . bb19
Paul calling Cody the true bully . Paul asks Josh and Raven if Cody made them cry . bb19 Paul is doing way worse .
Paul is worse . Gathering up 7 HGs and ordering them to bully .
Wow . Talking about how immature Jess was for saying what she said . Meanwhile , Josh singing his circus music . bb19
I miss Paul from last season . We've seen his true colors all season long and he's a pathetic , controlling , bully . bb19
I pretty much don't watch anymore , but when I tried to cancel feeds , they gave me a free month . I'll
Robby and Amanda are to Evan and Carly in BachelorInParadise
Paul : Girl with one leg win a race . Josh wins a mental comp . I don't know how I pull this off . bb19
Cannot take repeating over and over how much America likes Maven . bb19
Dr . Murphy is no stranger to perseverance . TheGoodDoctor is all-new Monday 10 | 9c on ABC !
This is my favorite moment :
Happy about the win , but grounded by this : The difference between the election of an alleged child predator and a blemi
Lmao inferiors logo does look like a toaster I see it now
I liked a video from Whats going on ?
I liked a video from Destiny Glitches - Black Ops 3 Glitches - ANY OTHER GLITCHES -
When your mom won't turn the AC on
Lucifer : "" How many times will you forgive humans ? "" God : "" As many times as they ask for forgiveness . "" Lucifer : "" Well , what about
Like when you called me a racist pos today
Guys guys , I think 6LACK dissed me
Just copped these new bad boys
"" do u gotta be a virgin to see these things cus i haven't seen shit ""
It's that time of the year again
I'd enjoy it more if I didn't have a kid and a husband to worry about . ): Proud to say I've done most of your "" projects "" though !
Give them a few months ..
I finally made myself a writing portfolio and realized ... I've written about a lot of really random topics .
Why lack of diversity in STEM is dangerous for our students hpSTEM
Now THAT is how you call a snow day LOVE IT ! We all need a little comic relief !
Helping students ' voices become louder by asking the right questions the right way .
Thank you ! This is so helpful !
You have inspired me more than you will ever know ! PoetWarriors Rock ! NationalPoetryMonth
ILA 2017 literacyreimagined Literacy isn't a luxury !
: O ; U ; IM SO PROUD * LE GLOMP OF DEATH *
Is that .. iS THAT ALYSA
Much potato Very wowe Such deal
you got iPhone / iPod ? I gots an app for that
Jfc I look like I wrestle bears And in reality it's all marks of stupidity
Cody and Sydder : A relationship to break the bounds of expected behavior
THAT'S NOT FAIR UGGGGGGHHH * slams bedroom door *
How is "" #ferguson cops not wearing name tags or badge numbers "" not an international headline ?
* pops in like *
I need the sleep But I could stay up and write dirty fan fiction Or I could work on my novel Or conquer the world
* clings * * ^ *
You know me I have amaze OCs Can find any good guilds tho
Double ur pleasure , double ur buns
I'm done with both senpais Just I can't "" Cracker assortment "" Why ? / screaming
Twitter a hoe Requiring a phone number to sign up BITCH IM BROKE LEAVE ME ALONE I AIN'T GOT CELL SERVICE LET ME REST IN WEEABOO PEACE
There's no greater feeling than when your friends get second hand shipper syndrome because you ship something so hard
I demand an apology from the people who fired Barbara Palvin for "" gaining weight ""
don't give me an order of you aren't gonna specify
oh noes ; - ; I'm sowwy
Most people can take or leave Indigo as a Rainbow color , but Newton was mystically fascinated with 7 , so were stuck with it .
Why do people think that RP should trump all of my priorities ? ? ?
the keep counts You don't find who voted but you do find the votes
Get a water . It'll wake you up better .
World cup 2014 : Where great teams are shamed
Feels good to be home
Casual reminder that Jennifer Lopez is 45 and still looks THIS hot at the VMA 2014 :
Nah I just want love now
Ppl need to stop letting the world know their personal business .
I wonder if this Fifty Shades movie is gonna be good ?
I'm feeling this Chris Brown - autumn leaves video . Not bad
lol , I think so too
I knew it would be closed off . They couldn't be that stupid
Idk how Olivia can be attracted to a man so easily manipulated . Who is so stupidly blinded by "" love "" he would do anything
Prince in that one New Girl episode >
Kanye is at SNL 40 , true !
Yo , this dude is the real MVP . He wasn't gonna allow the oscar song to stop him , lmao
Oh Rebecca , stop playing these mind games !
I really think this dude needs to medically check if he has it all together up there , lol
So we sing to win rap battles now ?
I just want someone to come take care of me right now .... I hate being sick
SEA , I just want other African families to learn from my story .
So bet gonna cut to rihanna when they said eat the booty like groceries lol
WOWWWWWWWW . OKAY DRAKE IS THE GOAT NOW !
And I'm not even a fan like that but she did that
Why was there world wide outrage and condemnation for the killings in France but none for Nigeria ? ( Part 4 )
Lmaoooo the white people's choice awards
When you realise the weekend is here
Just hanging with the CEO of Snapchat , no biggie ! Lol
What the hell is a ' tongue-clicking ' in 2017 ? In a supposedly woke show for that matter . Ok , I'm done ! Still a great show DearWhitePeople
metalocalypse is probably the most metal thing ever
too bad you don't have android ... just found the most awesomest twitter app EVER . :P
You bet I will ! ;)
I earned 1177 points for my workout on Fitocracy ! Check out my profile and become more awesome with me !
Whoa ! Looking good , "" The Sound of Music "" on Blu-Ray !
Progress on my web comic ? ? . maybe
Trying to keep unique perspective and angles in mind for my panels . I'm hoping this marks a positive
Inktober : Day 6 - Daisy , Daisy , give me your answer do ... ink inktober instaart igart markers
The wine glass I got at the Stanley Hotel ! redrum theshining overlookhotel stanleyhotel
Day 7 : This was TOUGH . Inktober shy and Drawlloween ectoplasm . The best I could do was a shy
I'm at the uc right now . So you guys have a table or are you at the computers ?
Stopping at target was not a good idea
I'm embarrassed of my life recently
"" EVERYONE SHUT UP "" * answers phone * "" Hi Mommy .. ""
Stay positive . Things will work out .
Thought I was going to wear my hair down today ... The wind thinks otherwise
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOMMA MCLEOD !
he watched me steal them and he scoffed at me like he always does
is my new favorite store
I can hear though the wall my neighbor sneezing ... Bless you ?
I might just buy milk from 711 and eat cereal until Christmas Eve ... The grocery store seems like it will be a scary place today
Either I'm going to kick this midterm's ass , or it's going to kick mine . It all depends if it's multiple choice or short answers .
I want to sleep but I feel like it's too early
Things worth having are worth waiting for .
not to brag or anything , but I play the best air piano
My boyfriend loves my weirdness
Watching Pirates of the Caribbean to celebrate this glorious holiday ! TalkLikeAPirateDay
I can't control how much I talk ... Sorry everyone
Cause you rocked and a rolled with so much soul , you could rock till a hundred and one years old
All I want is someone to put as much effort into me as I put into them
why cant my fat leave me everything else does
Gentlemen , I would like to introduce you to my best friend .
Best friend wouldn't talk to me on the phone cuz she's with a boy
them : youll grow out of your acne me at 22 : ive been bamboozled
I hope I don't need this for James Wolpert ! voicesave jameswolpert
I love Peri's bowtie ! And "" because we have guests , Lapis ! "" stevenuniverse
I just entered to win Lady Gaga tickets ! ! from She'll be in Pittsburgh Nov 20th !
Perfectly Timed Photo shows President Obama with horns while meeting with Pope Francis :
Hall of Famer Bob Gibson steps in to join screening & amp ; dedication in wake of Lou Brock's family emergency .
Qt "" @TMZ : Hello to you too Regis ! TMZ Tour tickets : For Hollywood For NYC
Sorry to hear about the passing of Darrell Brown - first black football player in the history of the Razorbacks
It's pretty clear now that Enos wasn't quite ready out of the gate but boy ... he is sure ready now . 5-0 since Alabama . WPS
The first-ever Sesame Street float debuted in 1978 ; 2015 is the 39th consecutive year a Sesame Street float has appeared
If tonight isn't reason enough to lose respect for the Bengals , here's a video of Burfict pushing over a camera
More Details on Event Featuring Kurt Angle vs Rey Mysterio , Angle Booked for Indy Event !
Many thanks to every single one of you for playing an important part in maintaining Jimmie's legacy . We are very ...
On Earth Day , spotlight on historic Remmel Dam , near Hot Springs , AR . EarthDay 2016
The last signing in Calgary EVER is going down the Big Four today at 1:45 ! CalgaryExpo
Relax culture vultures . Looks like The * IS * going ahead with that KnightRider prequel .
was in TheDukes ! ! ! DukesOfHazzard
my face scene , the look on after Bo fell downhill ( are we still rolling ? )
Happy Birthday Arkansas ! Arkansas become the 25th state 180 years ago today !
My son's fav is "" The Haunted House "" "" Barney's first car "" might be my favorite . AndyGriffithShow
Love it ! ! !
Another great read Happy for Ben & amp ; Alma DukesOfHazzard
127 items for sale , i didn't scroll down to see .
Man how time flies ! ! DukesOfHazzard
This video showed up in my YouTube feed just now ; at 5/17 . Love the stories and Q & amp ; A
Aerial footage shows traffic gridlock in Los Angeles as the Thanksgiving travel rush begins
I KNOW PEOPLE WERE SAYING THIS SEASON WOULD BE BORING BUT CAN WE GIVE PRODUCTION A HAND FOR HAVING THREE ( 3 ! ! ) NEW TWISTS NIGHT ONE ? ? bb19
one of my top three studio ghibli films
being a stylist would be fun but also really bad for my bank account because anything Id find cute for a client I would want for myself too
for real if I go the same distance in the day its like $ 3 but at night its suddenly $ 15
why does my entire apartment floor smell like something is burning
eating sour patch kids & amp ; watching the incredibles . life isnt always pain free , but it can still be good . this is o
hi there , i tried that website and it says it cannot display web page ..
me to ... OH YA I MARRIED HIM ! ! :)
Win a 15 - Piece Rachel Ray Cookware Set
So if you ding dong ditch my house , I hope you slip on a patch of ice when you're running away because karma's a bitch
I want an otter .
i want a bae that brings me cute things like this
I dont want to do anything today . I wanna go home
Thats because youre fucking annoying and a brat so ...
Don't touch me or youll loose all of your fingers
I know you probably hate your job but can you at least not be a little snotty bitch about it .
I dont think you realize how cute you really are .
Just tell me . So sick of waiting .
Or we could stop sexualizing everything . That would be cool too .
I do this cute thing where I fill you up with hope then crush it .
My first marriage will be my only marriage .
how the signs react to stress
Don't let people manipulate you into thinking you don't have the right to put your well being first .
i need a leather jacket
Supernatural summed up in a picture
date someone who gives you chills just by the way they look into your eyes .
I really do blame middle and high school for fucking me up
why ignore me when you can adore me instead
I may be ugly but at least I'm a decent person who knows my boundaries so fuck you
Me , 1 year ago : "" I'm gonna make sure all the customers will love me ! "" Me now : "" Love is meaningless , yours moreso . That'll
TO WIN : BEN NYE LUXURY BANANA POWDER mbf me and have notifs ON ! goodluck !
TO WIN : ANY PRODUCT FROM FENTY BEAUTY COLLECTION ( must be following me so I can DM the winner )
Dear Your response is bullshit . It's not true . People are tired this . Be better .
Stranger : nice to meet you Me : challenge accepted
TO WIN : BH Cosmetics Zodiac Palette must be following me to win
it took me 19 years to realize that when someone says "" hold your horses "" they're telling me to be stable
fucked my goth bitch from the back bumpin marilyn manson
i'm gonna be on the east side :/
I want to hit most of you really hard . Like reeeaally fucking hard .
Who THOUGHT THIS WAS OKAY ? !
I feel this on the most personal level
You ever come across someone who's absolutely way too happy to be alive like don't you know how stupid existing is
Finally decided to clean my room and found like 10 lighters . Life is rad .
When ur weed man tries to rip you off on your FUCKING BIRTHDAY . :|
SOSOS I NEED OF A NEW JOB ASAP ! ! ! ! ! SOSOSOSOSOS
i love watching dogs it's like they're always fucking high
[ visiting newborn at hospital ] you're going to fucking hate life .
for Halloween I'm gonna dress up as a good person
I can't believe Taco Bell has a Light we Made by themed cup
How's everyone's composite reality today
for real fuck with super hard and everything that band is up to
Just delivered to a bar in the third ward and it was FILLED WITH DOGS AND I'VE NEVER BEEN SO HAPPY
Dont put corn in your asshole what the fuck is wrong with you .
Everyone : I peaked in High school Me : I will never peak and will forever be a moderate disappointment
You asked for it . X gave it to ya .
we finally got enough people for a 7 - mile SPANKING machine !
Alright , is everybody in this club ready to party the way they do in clubs ?
I ! Want ! To ! Get ! Drunk !
Pabst blue ribbon , breakfast of champs .
Love driving 20 minutes to deliver a goddamn pizza just to get stiffed
just here to remind everyone my favorite band broke up
I will marry Alec , but my first kiss was with Jace , and my best friend is Magnus ( ?
follow back please ? ? Amo tus tweets
Follow Me New British Boyband please , please , please ? ?
Existe una delgada lnea entre la palabra "" perfeccin "" , "" Herondale "" y "" Carstairs "" .
Yeii , a mission !
According to Japanese scientists , waking up early increases the risk of having heart attacks or strokes . "" Por eso es mal
Miren a mi bebita ! Mi pequea Cheguita ! No esta hermosa ? Bien chiquita y toda dormidita ... Estoy loca hahahaha
Mi parabatai ! No creo poder ir :(
esto me recuerda a nosotras
PartyHardEnLaCasaDeMagnus Peeta : Tecnicamente yo intente matarla . Sebastian : Tecnicamente yo intente violarla .
QuienNoHaDicho "" SE QUE PUEEEEDO VOLAR ""
FiestaEnDelphic Magnus y Daemon son una atraccin por su brillo .
Pues lloro ms con los libros que con las pelculas . Me ro mas con los libros . Disfruto ms los libros . Y prefiero los
Thanks to me , my family & amp ; friends love your books ^.^ "" You're so great !
Jeremy Irvine ser Daniel Oscuros
al menos tu te enamoras de un dolo , yo me enamoro de alguien que aun no logro sacar del papel .
lo amo culpa a mis padres xD
I totally ship Jonerys :D
ANDREW ! Dile a tus padres que solo hay un 28 % de probabilidad de lluvia
I think you should follow me , and my friend she loves you - and I love you too ( obviously )
did you knew that the TMI books in Spanish are named "" Shadowhunters "" and TID "" The Origins "" ?
Quiero ver YA el siguiente captulo de InfiniteStratos No hay duda , la mejor de todas es Chifuyu-Nee
what do you think of Game of Thrones ? it's my favorite serie ... Who do you think will get the Iron Throne at the end ?
Para este entonces la gente deberia entender que GameOfThrones no tiene final feliz ...
Well , vacations are over ! ! Let's go back to Hogwarts ICantFindMyWand ImLosingTheTrain :( Run ! ! ! ! ! ! !
see or watch ? DudaExistencial
will TopGolf be open on the 4th of July ? ?
Want to check out the swag bags ? Here's a few pics ! babyshow
omg right ? i'm on cup of coffee 3 already .
Have you checked out our new art pieces ? Barn wood frames , metal prints , and acrylics ! Oh my !
And you throw your head back laughing like a little kid :)
do you like long or short hair on guys ? I prefer shorter hair .
this dudes booger is explosive ... wth
then again it would be ttal bullshit cuz i never study , its summer annd i was watching anime , aiming , and eating lol
Wow the whole ocean blaced out
Just left the house , goin to wynn
Ugh i hate waiting at the dentist
Lol haha hella funny , everytime he sees couples , he sings love songs
At petsmart soooo much cute pets
jello tastes good O_O ... i should make more
So i see tourists from china wit like ipads ... why in the fuck would u bring ipads into a yum cha restaurant , XP tryna show off or some shit
mannn i fckin suck at pool lol
Amusement Park round 2 XD
iono maybe ap art ?
well apparently from what it says on facebook bal page , gonzo accidentally leaked everyone pass ... now we all have new passwords * facepalm *
gonnna nap cuz im freakin tired
Awwwhh theres this little girl dressed up as a lion
LOL HELLA RANDOM , SAW LINUS AT CT HAHA
My hand smells like red envelope from red envelope folding
gawd , i realllly suck at sewing
Damm 9 he's and 8 mins so far with Peter in the phone XD
What I got throughout the day "" u look like belle from beauty and the beast at prom "" lol .....
GOING TO THE DOG PARK
Imma miss you Baltimore T-T
Lol my mom said that one of the players looked like Kimo XD
Haven't watched the office recently , gonna watch an ep now lol
A new homeschool bits unit soon to come ... "" Elephants ! A Fun Study ! ""
I posted a new photo to Facebook
Teacher Book Bag Newsletter Volume 3 via
Volume 6 is now available for The Fifty States Copywork & Fun !
Free journal used to explore the world . Download / ages 5 - adult .
Asteroids , Meteoroids , and Comets
Start the new school year off with the Plants and Plant Growth Bundle by homeschool bits ! This bundle includes ...
NEW ! Hurricanes - Two Day Study Series
2D and 3D Shapes - Speedy Lapbook !
Posted a new photo : "" ""
The sky looked really cool earlier
"" I should really get in shape "" * shoves a handful of gold fish into my mouth *
the real struggle is wanting to listen to one song on repeat but you know you shouldn't because then you'll hate it eventually
Congrats Speech and Debate team . Everyone did amazing for our final competition !
The calm before the storm nightbeforechristmas
This year Im going to try and bug everyone less . Gregor Samsa LitCharacterResolutions
Of course it is ! ! What did you think I was preparing you for ? Not College ? LOL . AWESOME ! I bet you rocked it !
Don't forget ! Literary Magazine starts tomorrow after school in Mrs . Childs room , C203 !
Alright IB Kids , enter to win a complete set of all of Murakami's works !
Join us at Barnes & amp ; Noble !
Slow Motion Baby Laugh AppTrailers - 14 likes :
Marquess Wilson to work out for the New England Patriots on Friday , according to a league source
Dion Lewis & amp ; a pick for Randall Cobb lol but honestly hope they get something good maybe defensive player
This game is already ass
Rookie EDGE pass rush productivity leaders through two weeks 1 . Carl Lawson , CIN 2 . Deatrich Wise , NE 3 . T . J . Watt , PIT
That's how you defend your qb 77
Haha those are the worst long drives ending in field goals
Wish we could bench Gilmore but with Rowe hurt its hard
Why does DAnthony Thomas always do the wrong thing literally always tries to do too much
Where the fuck did Gilmore get a concussion ?
Rename my fantasy team after you if you let him play
Flags are seriously ruining these fucking games
My god does Sane have to work on his first touch dude has got no control on the ball
Demis ass right in the face
Martellus Bennett will be active for the Pats tonight , I'm told . He's good to go for now . Team excited about what he ca
Imagine thinking watching the Patriots is boring to you ...
Yeah theyll just need to have TEs help him out and RBs to chip coming out of back field
People still crying over Gronk like get over it and move on nothing will change now
Roberts is so trash man if we had decent LB on the team he wouldnt even be here
Jadeveon Clowney was asked if Blake Bortles is improving his reply ' He's trash '
Hope you all had a fantastic Christmas break ! Tomorrow is an A day , so see you all bright and early .
HALP LACROSSE TEAM IS SO HAWT
I can't take those fancy "" legs-in-a-bathtub "" pictures , because all you would see is my legs crammed and folded into my ridiculously tiny tub
Women you should have heard of . HappyInternationalWomensDay
Oh my goodness Linda , I absolutely adore you . Miss you and your family tons ! ! !
People who eat cough drops like they're candy I love you but at the same time I fear you please get you and your healthy throat help
I have the most amazing best friend in the entire world ! OnlyAFriend StillAvailable JustAFriend STILLONTHEMARKET ht
Payson temple with my favorite people .
I feel like is the heart of our senior class . She's such a good example and I will forever look up to h
Do you know what I love ? People being happy and people respecting one another and others beliefs and SNOW CONES
Who gets two blowouts at 1 in the morning on their way home from Canada ? THIS GIRL . GOOD OL JESSOP FAMILY LUCK
Honestly , college rocks and USU is the best school ever .
Ben you two timin coward I should've known
"" Hey Tarren , when did you get to use that tweet you've been waiting to tweet for like a year ? ""
I CANT STOP MISSING THEM ALL
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU DEAR
To live greatly , we must develop the capacity to face trouble with courage , disappointment with cheerfulness , and triump
"" Dear elder Cobabe , you are assigned to labor in the China Hong Kong mission . "" I report to the Provo MTC April 27th ! h
My favorite thing about going to airport in the morning is watching people consume their McMuffins with a blank , vacant st
"" Look who finally decided to visit "" said the Frost King . "" Sorry I've been busy grandfather "" replied Anderson Cooper . "" H
First StripeTheMav experience turned out pretty well . Great job fans ! USUvsWSU AggiesAllTheWay
hey just fyi regardless of what happens tonight ... you & amp ; your sexuality / race / religion / gender are valid & amp ; worthy of respect
Missionary skype pictures are my sixth and main food group please keep posting them I need to feed
Chadmander has officially become Chadmeleon . In time , he will evolve into a handsome Chadizard . Happy Birthday Whip
You could say I'm PRetty stoked about this upcoming year !
2 of the boys get home today , THE HOMIES ARE COMING HOME
I just love the fall in Logan The colorful canyon leaves The chilly campus nights The mono sores blanketing your bleeding uvula
Retweeted some pretty interesting Minecraft news from Jeb ... I'm excited about this "" Halloween Update "" !
We're shooting for tonight - meant to take Labor Day weekend off and the next thing we know 2 weeks had gone by . Whoops !
I want to see take on Rap God . I know he has the chops from Hardware Store
Chewbacca Actor Peter Mayhew Unloads Stockpile of Wars </em> Set Photos
Peter Capaldi lookin so proper they should call it Doctor Whom petercapaldi drwho BBC
being able to communicate ideas through purely visual representation is a beautiful and amazing thing now that I think about it
The Cheby Bolt looks pretty cool
Dave Navarro is a big Isaac fan , apparently :
lol ! ! ! ! Soooo tru ! ! ! I'm dyin over here ! ! ! ! ( Typed while lying motionless and expressionless )
any idea what the price on the bundles will be ?
I was working on a program for a while to procedurally generate RPGMaker maps for a JRPG / Minecraft resourced-based mashup
I would have thought the same but I have a niece and nephew who are somehow "" into "" emojis ... we got them emoji gifts ... very weird
Pitching down chipmunk voices should be illegal
Nah it's legit . Just reading about more game studios closing . If a studio can make Torchlight and still c
This seriously makes me want to barf ! !
Ladies : If you are trying to look natural , please remember that hair doesn't NATURALLY grow in red , blonde , and brown on the same head !
Duh , he bathes in the virgin blood of Olsen twins to stay young . That's why they look like vampires . He's drained their life out
a lot of women in my family have trouble . It took mom 2yrs and my Mema 10yrs & fertility drugs . I'm hoping I can get there naturally
he's about 2b 21 . They've canceled his phone , threatening 2 drain HIS bank acct , taken his car , and said they'll quit ...
Why is it that the exact second you get pregnant , all ur childless friends disappear ? :(
whyyouresingle you always want to sit on the same side of the booth when you go out to eat when its only two of you
my husband and I like you , and we eat at Cracker Barrel . :-)
Hey , Christian Louboutin is branching out into beauty !
I was so terrified to take the plunge ... But I'm so glad I did !
ff ... @SMjaniczek ... :) thanks ! !
Try to resist the urge to make sweet love to this Lasagne . It's impossible not to want the whole thing !
Essie "" Ballet Slippers "" . The Queen of England wears this shade , lol .
now THIS is a vintage Jenni Horne ! This little one is marked "" ' 07 "" and I remember we
Terrifying-looking DIY masque for clear and radiant skin . 1Tblsp plain Greek yogurt , 1tsp Turmeric , a
Scandinavian-style braid crown . hair
we've planned our own veggie garden and are growing all our own produce organically for our family . Very bee-friendly , too !
I just heard about Robin Williams . Breaks my heart that someone who brought so much joy could be quietly suffering so muc
Little man played hard , got a nice bath , and promptly passed out on the sofa . Let's hope he doesn't
We are very busy , very important people .
I vote for to UpgradeYourWorld vote
There are some things you shouldnt brag about on twitter . That was one of them .
I miss my car like a lot .
Well I opened my take home exam . That counts as being productive , right ?
Laying in my own bed with my dog has to be the best feeling in the world .
Anastasia is not a Disney movie , dont call it a Disney movie .
They finally left , so now I have nothing to live tweet .
I just teared up watching the trailer for the Fault in Our Stars . So yes , I'm betting the public will see me ugly cry come best weekend
Considered taking a nap in the car while waiting for my sister but the flock of 20 fifteen year old girls is making that impossible .
Wow , you look a lot better than you did this morning . Well I have makeup on now , so ""
Taking my mom to work is a lot like having a ten year old : you have to get her up and make sure she stays up
Whats your friends name ? Peyton ? Sage ?
The data doesn't lie : "" @TEDTalks : How spending money on others can buy you happiness : GivingTues
Left my favorite beanie at my friends apartment and you could say its been a rough few days .
"" what's your major "" "" how many hours are you taking next semester "" "" how's your bank account "" "" do you have a boyfriend "" ht
"" When a person tells you that you hurt them , you don't get to decide that you didn't . "" -
America , am I right ? pool fourthofjuly carmel werecute bandanas
Let it be known that and I are the Dream Team ; All American when it comes to beer pong
Don't forget to come to our live show tonight at 5:30 ! Look for Nicole in the Letterman Lobby ! Have we mentioned it's free ?
Truly blessed with the people in my life
Beignets , more like beign-gays . neworleans GoLaToNoLa cafedumonde beignets foodporn
and I's conversations * screeching * * screeching in response *
You can't trust anyone these days
When an English major and TCOM majors live together that means that someone won't be happy while watching a movie .
Hey , Jo . fantasticbeastsandwheretofindthem jkrowling treatyoself bookstagram
Love being back with my goober lunchdate couplesofinstagram love loveofmylife
In 2014 , the GOP was outraged when Obama saluted two Marines with a coffee cup in his hand . In 2017 , Trump blocks vet
7 - year-old : All the boys said they were faster than girls in gym class . Me : What did you say ? 7 : Nothing . I just bea
R & amp ;D agnolotti , for 7.1
WAINO on the mound ! Bring home a winner boys ! @MattCarp13 animals CardinalNation
Sump R + D starts tomorrow 9:30- 2 . Carmichael's brew method brewed side-by-side our V60s using Colombia Los Pinos - the Sump S
Absolutely heart broken to hear the news of Robin Williams . I wish he could have had the happiness in his heart that he ga
I either don't want to be within 10 miles of another person or I want to be surrounded by as many people as possible . There is no in between
Chris and I talked conspiracy theories . He's my new best friend
I'm just so sick of fucking up
It is done the moon has now eclipsed the sun . The angel has spread its wings , the time has come for bitter things .
Officially switched over to Christmas mode
Can I magically just own a house and a car and a lot of money and legally be able to live with boy and get married plz
TV actress to become first model w / Down syndrome to walk runway at New York Fashion Week
I won't make you beg so just get down on your knees . Tell me you need me and that you're dying to please .
"" It's a figure of speech "" "" How do you figure a speech ? ""
* lays in bed * OH MY GOD IM RUNNING SO LATE * continues to lay in bed *
Thinking Jesus was actually white even though he was born in the Middle East
Lol I guess some things never change xD
The right way to look at a break up ty
I may or not be in my room singing along to Mulan
I don't believe in this shit but this is actually accurate
I am just so so in love
My manager left 15 minutes before I did last night . I forgot the clock was broken and went to check the time and
I miss my BF . I miss my BF . I miss my BF . I miss my BF . I miss my BF . I miss my BF . I miss my BF . I miss my BF . I miss my BF . I miss my BF .
i find comfort in the fact that we're all at least a little ugly irl
The cost of textbooks stresses me out
You can't just pick and choose when the rules apply , especially when it only benefits you
No problem ! Good luck
I'll miss you face . I'll miss you name . I'll miss the home that I had made on the other side .
We have a mouse that Patrick conveniently didn't see
I missed like an hour of messages in the group chat and somehow everyone is talking about porn now
My heart goes out to Daniel's family , Cyndago , Mark , & amp ; anyone else who was affected by Daniel's loss . RIP Daniel Kyre You will be missed
Damn I Love Your Body ! SO Sexy !
I think they find it amusing that their images are triggering .
Glad I did . Found out it'd be slow & amp ; painful 3d . Just wanted to fall asleep & amp ; not wake . Didn't want my kids to know .
Haha , I know the feeling
Omg , Why is SO Damn Sexy ? ? ?
Confidence is contagious , surrounding yourself with people who believe in themselves can enhance your own belief .
I liked a video from WE NEED TO TALK UPDATE ! ! !
I liked a video Winter is Coming - OFFICIAL TRAILER
Abandoned villa near Ferrara , Italy
Haha ;) This whole conversation is about you :-P ... Sorry .... Hahaha ;-P
Bit late ( as always ) , but meh ~ Happy Birthday , ! ( TT "" )*:
* * IMPORTANT * * DO NOT OPEN the random google docs being shared throughout Gmail right now . They are a virus . Spread the
Haha , yeah , but sometimes people just don't listen , & amp ; you have to
i appreciate the people who don't give up on me
Had some much needed time with my mom & amp ; family , that I didn't even know that I needed
Am I the only one who thinks that young Mr . Rogers looks like Sheldon ?
Arn't we all ? That's what makes us perfect ; how perfectly imperfect we all are
On a keychain maybe ? I'd honestly buy the puppets & amp ; prob not the heads , bc I have a wierd phobia of do
Depressed & amp ; anxious since I woke yesterday . Haven't been on much , & amp ; haven't slept either Hoping to rest w / music , & amp ; start anew when I wake
You only get one shot , so tweet , drink and be crazy .
She's a woman . And yes , she's a beautiful storm of chaos and crazy . But she loves hard . So just love her all ways and alw
Fast and long replies I love that shit .
Thanks for all the b-day wishes ! I've tried to keep up , but in any case .. Thank you ! I hereby give everyone permission to eat
I liked a video Take On Me - NSP
I liked a video Ed Sheeran - Galway Girl [ Official Video ]
Just the story we need amidst the chaos .
I really didn't think I'd be crying myself to sleep right now but here I am .
Just want my arm back
One day I'll travel with the love of my life .
I don't have class until 12:30 today and I'm up before 9 . Why .
The more I think about it the more it actually pisses me off .
Pretty sad that this is what we've come to after all of these years .
Everyone's wanting to leave home for college while I'm here counting down the days until I can go to college closer to home .
there are tears streaming down my face because of this
Currently can't read what I'm typing because I got my eyes dilated
If I could catch a break that would be nice lol
The excitement is so real right now .
Nothing annoys me more than when people are obnoxiously loud in class .
Having clean sheets on my bed is quite possibly my favorite thing in the world .
I went from being hot in classes to being freezing in classes in about a day .
If my daughter is ever sad about a boy ... I'm taking her to do retail therapy , then we're gonna eat a pint of ice cream and
There should be a word other than bf for when u have been together forever / live together but aren't engaged yet
* schools about to start back * High school vs college kids
I feel like I'm forever going to be sick
I didn't even go to my morning classes today if that tells you anything lol . But I feel okay now .
For the last four years , we saw each other at most 4 weeks out of the year ... so happy it's almost done .
You know it's bad when coffee can't fix my bad mood .
Today's only Monday ? What ?
just told me last year she almost moved out cuz she didn't like me and would talk shit about me all the time .
Currently taking applications for someone to text / Snapchat all day ; preferably an attractive male . Spread the word .
I'm actually extremely grateful that some things didn't work out the way I once wanted them to
There is no better feeling than when your boyfriends mom loves you
College summed up in a couple of minutes
tornado Tip 1 New York , DO NOT GET IN THE BATHTUB . Find a pipe or system connected underground to hold onto . Position yourself with mattress
Steven Curtis Chapman - For The Sake of The Call via
Sorry people are just willing to pay a little more for better food .
MGMT - Electric Feel via the best song EVER to end my twitnight
Pisces likes spontaneous people .
Fire in the sky above Sydney , Australia . Photo by Luke Zeme .
Sidewalk Prophets - You Love Me Anyway ( Official Video ) via
Your emotions seem to be growing more serious these days , prom ... More for Pisces
Although you are more than willing to drift into your dreams , ... More for Pisces
This is what a dying star looks like ( captured by the Hubble telescope ) .
You feel maxed out now and need some time to revitalize your e ... More for Pisces
You might not be in the mood to be the star of the show now . F ... More for Pisces
You'll never truly understand until it happens to you .
Chris em slow motion durante A Head Full of Dreams . AHFODtour ColdplayBoston ( @dameburns )
All is well in your world if your relationships are in order . ... More for Pisces
confessionsofanintrovert when someone tells you to smile more and you haven't thought about your face all day .
Trying to satisfy everybody , it's like they can't get enough until enough is enough & amp ; then it's too much .
Pisces will love you and love you , until you give them a reason not to , then love you some more still but from a distance .
Somehow my allergies have kept me awake all night ! MerryChristmas season eve !
honestly the idea of two people loving each other forever is pretty cool , i want that
Join Marie Callender's and in building strength , stability , and homes for families . ComfortsFromHome
Hosanna In The Highest - Bishop Paul Morton & amp ; Full Baptist Fellowship via
You might be tumbling into a magical relationship or revisitin ... More for Pisces
Although your feelings are running deep , you grow more lighthe ... More for Pisces
You are driven to succeed at work now and wont allow mundane ... More for Pisces
People seem extra touchy today , like they could lose their tem ... More for Pisces
Gorillaz - Feel Good Inc . ( Official Video ) via
"" Who's gonna pay for the wall ? "" "" Mexico ! "" "" When ? "" "" Eventually ! "" "" ... WHEN ? ! "" "" At a later date ! "" "" And how will they pay ? ""
i fucking hate 2017 forreal
mario means "" penis "" in japanese
do u think people are ever actually like "" oh sorry i can't go in the hot tub with u i have had diarrhea in the past 14 days ""
Manbun Ken likes a woman who is into whiskey but doesn't know more about it than he does
banne d from the Laugh Factory after getting on stage and forgetting if husbands like the toilet seat up or down
My eyes must be broke cause I thought she was dabbing ...
Has Ben and Jerry's come out with Impeaches and Cream yet ?
sees a stranger moved to tears by the beauty of a sunset : excuse me miss , is this sky bothering you
Maybe having a government that was set up by slave owners in the 18th century to purposefully restrict popular will isn't
Dear Lorne Michaels , I can do this . Put me in Coach .
It appears some protesters have inflated this behind the White House .
Nazi strategy : "" Leftists will recognize dog whistles and know we're crypto , but normies won't listen to them . ""
Being an old-timey doctor would rule , just drunk as hell like "" yeah u got ghosts in your blood , you should do cocaine about i
like you just out here seeing for free ... wow
LA : * covered in smoke from a hellfire * Houston : * underwater * Trump : I will deport a million children
dang we need to get some dream catchers
um this is my gf and i and we are LESBIANS
Say it loud , say if often : The NRA is a terrorist organization .
Me : * runs yellow light * * person behind me does also * Me looking in the rear view mirror :
First of all , y'all have fleas
Niggas be like "" y'all females don't know when to let shit go "" but still got his HS highlights in his bio .. nigga neither do you
UVM : too cold outside , too hot inside
I know you all think Im a pedophile right now , but hear me out , Im also a racist .
Disgusting . Words indicate beliefs . Beliefs inform actions . This guy never shouldve been allowed to be a cop .
it took several years of extensive recreational drug use but i have finally erased all memory of middle school
Dear Senator Graham : This is your official government account . Why are you using it to promote the for-profit business of
I type "" I miss Net Neutrality :( "" into AT & amp ; T Cool Zone , the only social media site allowed by my ISP . The post is immediate
The naked condescension of the question But do you recall the most famous reindeer of all ? makes my blood boil .
RIP Chris & amp ; Deanna . Such a tragedy but seeing the 518 coming together really shows how this area supports each other 518family soproud
yeah I can't keep up with this book at all . It's too confusing and doesn't make any sense at all
Finished my English paper and presentation for tomorrow now time to BS this media assignment for psych fml wantsleep hellweek
saw this on tumblr "" what if one direction didnt have any teeth or eyebrows ? "" Lmfao
is humming in her sleep toofunny funnyroomie
Lorde is the Kristen Stewart of music ...
the true / false multiple choice questions are the ones that are killing me . I honestly don't care about either test tomorrow
lol that would be amazing ! too bad I'm 4 1/2 hours away
Finally being able to eat after the night I had last night is the best feeling ever right now
Well that nap was unexpected but obviously needed
I just want to go home sodone
We're Going on a Trip
The spnfamily representing WorldMentalHealthDay with LightUpPurple AKF
i hope my best friends meet people who love them as much as i love them bc sometimes i think they forget how well they des
You know you're becoming an adult when you get excited about getting a new dishwasher
you can't change someone who doesn't see an issue in their actions .
I'm not in the right mindset to start my level 2 tomorrow
I have seen this headline three times in my life ; Virginia Tech , Orlando , and now Las Vegas . I am only 22 years-old .
Aw damn . Didn't win powerball guys . Oh well . Looks like I can't adopt 67,462 dogs today . MaybeNextWeek
Alcohol is not in my vodkabulary , but I looked it up on whiskeypedia and learned if you drink too much of it , it's like
Well done , boys ! GRAMMYs
smoking weed is not bad whoever thinks it is needs to do their research .
Houston - it was EPIC ! ! ! Thank u for all the Texas love - see u all again later this year ! ! ! ! ! ! - KU
I ignore self appointed do gooders who bitch and moan on social media . Try it . The world gets WAY better .
that's Awesome . Yes always family first . Have fun Javis niece .
If this co worker didn't see any skin on skin how can he be certain . Jamison leg could be up in bed to help brace off
The Dr's said my scans "" looked much better than they thought they would after 3 months "" . So they cleared me SmokeWillRise
A write up in the Wentworth tonight in Oz on Enjoy Wentworthians !
I just don't understand how this is humanly possible
Welcome to TeamMiley with a RETWEET now ! VoiceKnockouts
Dj Khaled "" I'm The One "" FT will be available everywhere Friday Grat
Michael is out of contingencies . Watch a new PrisonBreak TOMORROW at 9/8 c on
In a video that's caused a stir , the first lady appears to swat Trump's hand away with a visible flick of her wrist
What an amazing weekend . One of the best ever ! Great times with great people and a huge honor driving AJ's car ! weathergu
Hey , fans ! We have a surprise for the Southern 500 ! Can you guess whooo may have a throwback scheme for
Brace yourselves a W is coming . GameOfCrons
We should be grateful to the people who wish to serve , not turn our backs on them . Banning transgender people is hurtful ,
She trained her dog to block her head during a seizure , we really don't deserve dogs
FINALLY I can share with you some news .... I'm proud to announce I've got my own cosmetic line !
Good morning . I'm on a bit of a social media diet . Watching not talking Stay tuned for some
If making Chester proud is by what you're doing , then keep on going girl !
Tonight , 311 headline in Irvine ! Snapchatters swipe right to find the 311 Snapchat geo-filter at Five Points Amphitheater from 6pm
I told Kelly that we did that exact experiment in science class but with much smaller test tubes . It was fun !
yo it costs zero dollars to be kind
. @justinbieber is always by your side magentaverbindet streamon bestesnetz
gotchu locked in imma hit u later bro
Good Luck out there tonight man Bring it home for SteelersNation
PS4 is real ! ! ! ! Playstation
my GPA is a 3.5 omg ! ! ! ! hard work pays off
its actually seems like a good show but as far as blacks getting the green light we can't get something we never had
Seems like it .. but hi girl I'm karla
Zell : US CRE will recover before Jobs . Cites constrained supply due frozen development climate .
Plenty of movement by retailers and restaurants successful businesses are positioning themselves for growth
With retail vacancy high , some retails look to expand & take advantage ( Via CRE
Seattle's Best opening a new store in Chicago . I haven't seen one of these in a while . CRE Retail
Based on the number of douchey guys I've encountered who can only seem to mask their odor with too much body spray it seems to .
Ever since that damn 1984 commercial ...
It was . Then they changed the paper , made the packs smaller ... these days I'm 1/2 a pack of menthol cowboy killers . :P
Thank you for judging me ... sometimes it's the only attention I get .
I'm going to take this contract , load it in a heavy , metal tube with some gunpowder and fire it ...
All I want for Christmas is booze !
Who needs a loophole when you can bury the evidence or keep the DA from prosecuting ?
And this is what I come home from work to ... much love hon , hope it's feeling better .
"" And on the 6th day God got tired of making new creatures and just started copy / pasting everything w / minor changes ""
News programming should be exactly that , not propaganda . Timmie 2016
Eliminating existing corporate tax loopholes and replacing them with new ones that require investment in job creation . Timmie 2016
Seriously , we could cut military spending by half a trillion and still be spending 40 % more than China does .
Just because I can ... and he can't do shit to prevent it . :)
Today I wondered what you would get if you managed to cross-breed a Klingon with a Ferengi ... Then I realized we already had Dick Cheney .
Hey how are you still even remotely fucking relevant ? Is there some sort of demon of ignorance you made a deal with for power ?
And this right here is why I buy my tamales from the little old Mexican lady in the Wal-Mart parking lot ... BestTamalesEver
Oh for fuck's sake ... Are you TRYING to get Bernie elected ? Because that's exactly what you're doing .
Seeing as I won't be voting for neither you nor I don't give a damn who your VP choices are .
NiggerNavy Does this mean we'll finally have a military division that knows when to pull out ?
I'm pretty sure there's a lot of people who watched this over & amp ; over again . But joking aside , it IS amazing work .
My heart was cut out for sating the hunger of an unspeakable entity beyond mere mortal understanding .
Sweet , sweet nterbewbs ...
This is why I never gamble on games that I don't have active decision making in affecting . Poker , Blackj
What's the remaining 2 % ?
What process is understood as education ? The indoctrination of our youth into the socially-acceptable mindset wh
Why do so many people seem like they're highontwitter ? Hashtags .
Me : Hey washer ! Drop a load of beats ! ! Washer : * thump * * thump * * thump * * thump * * thump * * thump * * thump * * thump *
Quick question ... Can someone please teach these guys the proper way to fold a flag ?
Tell Twitter Ads you'd like to take out an ad but your posts don't seem to be showing right . Just ask . Th
I think Pancho and Lefty would make for better extended drama , Spanish Angels is more short story material .
Perhaps "" came across "" is not the best choice of words for this situation ... Humor aside , that is some
They're giving out a "" free feast "" at this Festival of India in the park . Food looks delicious .
Just saw a girl sitting on a curb , typing on a laptop and smoking a pipe . This is how they do in college these days ?
One of the most amazing things I have ever read . Every woman / girl / female-type-person I know-READ THIS : ...
' The Book Of Mormon ' is streaming on right now and , you know what , I love musicals . No shame .
Important viewing for all ad / marketing / maker types SXSW preso ( narration to come )
Great article ; better reread that book asap 25 Days To Read "" Cloud Atlas "" Before Tom Hanks Ruins It Forever
If you're a fan of Old Crow , Dylan , and the wonder that is "" Wagon Wheel "" ( as you should be ) this story has it all :
A 6.1 magnitude earthquake occurred 3.73 mi WSW of American Canyon , California . Details : Map :
Breaking News : The police say at least 14 are dead in the San Bernardino rampage , with up to three gunmen at large
"" He makes you yearn for leaders you never in your wildest dreams considered yearn-worthy . ""
G-rated WTH ! ! !
Off work tomorrow , putting a do not disturb sign on my door and sleeping in !
I love genealogy I have traced my family tree back to the 1400s from Scotland it was a 12yr process & amp ; still not done
can you . please retreat this and help find this missing mother .
mailcall amazonreviews goodmailday awesomemailday I had a good mail day today and can't
usartsupply 9 "" x12 "" 50 sheets 60 lb drawing paper pad high quality paper
flycatcher easy to mix up took less than 3 mins if that . productreviews tomosonreviews
headlamp every 1 needs to check this 1 out great for anything outdoors check out the links
I liked a video ( SIRI IN BRIDE OF CHUCKY ) DO NOT PLAY WITH CHUCKY BRIDE AT 3AM ( ONE MAN HIDE AND
We were literally on the helicopter with them
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Vintage Decorative Jewelry Chest Geometric Terrariu ... "" by NCYP . giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" HUIRUI Flatware Sets , Stainless Steel Silverware ... "" by HUIRUI . giveaway
Join this giveaway and share this 50 % code COWBAG 50 with your friends . Hurry ! giveaway
TO WIN Eyeshadow palette * MUST HAVE NOTIFICATIONS ON *
Enter for a Chance to WIN a KatKabin Luxurious Outdoor Cathouse
Illinois just made history . The timing couldnt be more perfect .
Im in the running to win a $ 75 Amazon Gift Card quanauss
You know why white supremacists are still marching in Charlottesville ? Because our president and our culture still embolden t
Today is National Coming Out Day . Happy NationalComingOutDay !
Bringing a brand new BlackPanther poster to you 1st ! We hit theaters Feb 16 , but you can check out the new trailer fr
i just rewatched all of teen titans and you did such an amazing job bringing raven to life . i re
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" TENVIS HD IP Camera - Wireless IP Camera with Two ... "" by TENVIS . giveaway
This cat video is sooo hilarious ! ! haha youtube viral cats
Wow ! I just entered for a chance to win "" Plazar Women's Cubic Zirconia Wedding Engagement B ... "" by Plazar . giveaway
9 $ 25 amazon card ! ! !
Sorry for using dead people to push my liberal agenda of wanting fewer dead people
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Wood Carving Tool 12 PCS Sharp SK2 Soap Chisel ... "" by NEWACALOX . giveaway
Check Out This Contest From ConfrontationalClothing Giftcard Giveaway Contest Sweepstakes Visa
Don't Miss : Only $ 9.49 for Solitaire Wedding Engagement Rins w / Code TOBERTF 1 giveaway
Wow ! I just entered for a chance to win "" Beddinginn Fabric Decor 3d Merry Christmas Sho ... "" by Beddinginn . giveaway
i'm about to take the leap myself ! let's go for it ! :)
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Myobe Women's Fashion Geometric Print Drape Front ... "" by Myobe . giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" RC Selfie Ring Light , 36 LED Ring Light for iPhon ... "" by Calans . giveaway
Tis the season Outlander Fans ! Enter To Win A $ 100 Amazon gift card ! via Giveaway -
fixed it for you . you're welcome .
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Handcrafted Soap Bar Natural Moisturizing Face Wa ... "" by MERZER . giveaway
Only $ 7.11 for Set of 4 Colorful Plate Grab Clip-on Dip Holders w / Code AIQIYII 5 giveaway
Tis the season Outlander Fans ! Enter To Win A $ 100 Amazon gift card ! via Giveaway -
Were disappointed in the decision to gut NetNeutrality protections that ushered in an unprecedented era of innovation , creat
christmas Christmasscarf BlanketScarf womenponcho scarf scarves sex wrap giveaway
some people just amaze me . how can u not see wat u have right in front of u ? openyoureyes
iloveyou just incase you forgot :)
finally off probation ! ! ! ! FREE
my ex is living proof of how stupid i can be
ahhh ! yes please !
u know u tan too much when the Bronze requests u on facebook tanningaddict
have a feeling that and will be moving to Colorado in the near future legalized
but like i would get stuck on the metro lmaooo
hell yeah ! cooks , cleans , and does laundry . She's a winner keeper realhousewife susiehomemaker
birthday dinner for ! !
isnt your anniversary on my birthday ? ? bestdayever
My life in one picture
i wouldve eaten the pita bread
lmao says the kid that wouldnt even hold her the first time i brought her over lol
so excited to see u and your new place ! 3days
u really wanna start a pic war tho ?
My heart still breaks that Joaquin didn't go for Dr . Strange but I'm ok with Benedict Cumberbatch , wonder how he looks with a ' stache ?
I often wake up with Roddy Strong on my mind too . But seriously , dude has come a long long way on the stick .
Weird that the only guy to pay a price for an Iraq lie is Brian Williams .
Man , just reading the news . Awful . RIPPerroAguayoJr ElHijoDelPerroAguayo
All that Kane business was kinda silly but I dig Rollins using the RKO to win the match . Total dick move . ExtremeRules
It only took me nearly a year but today I finally found a Hera action figure from Star Wars Rebels for my daughter .
Japanese Simon Gotch though . BeastInTheEast
COKE WHITE HEEL GAWD GO AWF
Kofi Kingston pulled a fucking Eddie Guerrero , y'all . HIAC
They are really on top of things today !
How nuts would that place go if Rusev just booted Reigns right outta there ? RoyalRumble
Samoa Joe bleeding so much they are cutting to crowd shots . NXTTakeOver
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a 6 - inch Wampa Pop !
"" Genesis , what like the bloody band ? "" I love Cassidy . PreacherAMC
One of my favorite WWE matches of the year so far !
yeah I feel like I need a Tulip and Jesse for my collection as well . They're so cute !
Hard to really complain when I got my $ 10 worth from last night's NXTTakeOver show .
Heart goes out to the people and families affected by another senseless mass shooting in America .
Legion was wild last night . Interesting to see the guy behind the Fargo series taking a crack at mutants , looking forward to where it goes .
Not sure if the fact they're opening with Shane / AJ has me excited or worried . WrestleMania
Hmmmmm , feeling very torn on this .
Not the first time I haven't slept thanks to him !
Corbin going for that nuclear heat by ruining Nak's entrance . MITB
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a exclusive NES Jason Dorbz !
I shall keep that in mind for future episodes !
One of my colleagues made this super cool bulletin board . This is what I think of every time I pass by .
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an NYCC 2017 exclusive Jyn Erso Pop !
Lot of weird errors in Stranger Things 2 , like the fact that Ghostbusters didn't come out until 2016 .
Alex Jones ' hard hitting interview with Alexa is the Christmas gift we all deserve
Keith , good morning ! Have a great Friday !
Keith and I watched MTV together when it first came on . Then it was the pioneer for music videos . If they can ...
Michael Sam is a distraction and should not get a chance to make a team that needs him and people on trial are not ? Hypocrisy
This is the last day to drop by booth 6919 at NACSShow to see the major innovations is producing
Join Jeremy Ford , executive director of Dell Cloud Services , for Migrating to a Cloud-Based Infrastructure . WTS 16
Our partners from Brazil learning about the benefits of ClearView . Join us at 4pm to learn more . NACSShow WayneNACS 16
Bought a ton of faceted stones today and some chocolate pearls ! ! ! I can't wait for the mail to come .
Today is my last working day in the studio before One if a Kind ! Does anyone ever feel fully prepared ?
. How are you liking the Pi cuff bracelet that was included in theartisangroup bag from gbktvawards ?
Buy handmade this holiday season , 15 % off with code EtsyMetalSale
i don't even watch girl meets world but oh my god for eric and shawn i will
You know you don't have to wait until Thursday to do shit better , right ?
passive aggressive blaine is honest to god the best thing ever
Scrap plan 147 somebody try put me in latte I don't .
i keep going through my tweets and deleting all the negative ones but i keep finding more :( GET A GRIP SELF
for not wanting to take a picture with you AFTER YOU FOLLOW HIM TO A RESTAURANT AND HIS HOTEL AND CAUSE HIM TO ALMOST HIT YOU WITH A CAR ?
my brother has been here every fucking day since saturday for hours upon hours and i'm getting really sick of not being able to do anything
i had three stars on expert on glee forever for the first time ever and my phone died before i could finish the song WHYYYYYY
i got my first nars product today ... i am officially hooked
update : my bed is the best place on earth and i'm so happy not to be surrounded by cats and a noisy ass house anymore
And the Oscar for the Best Actor goes to :
There's only one rule that I know of , babies God damn it , you've got to be kind .
i respect people's opinions if they're different from mine but man please do not come at me being preachy about what i choose to eat
republicans think that people's internet browsing history and spying on that is more important than fucking fixing gun control ? smh
Don't forget : Tonight I'll be talking about speech live on Tune in . ColbertRNC
whyyyy is my dad such an asshole ? ? ? ?
Hillary & amp ; Tim will defend access to affordable contraception and safe and legal abortionnot just in principle , but in pr
Trump's face looks like three blown-out assholes floating in a bowl of butterscotch pudding . Just a quiet observation .
well my tears have started
shit like this makes me embarrassed to be american
the fact that trump has to give away free tickets to his inauguration will never not be fucking hilarious
this ripped my heart out and stomped all over it i fucking hate this
how many times have i watched auli'i cravalho's oscars performance this week ? ?
i'm cat sitting for my dad and stepmom and i swear to god this cat sounds like a freaking pigeon
me every time i have to make my smoothies half spinach
sometimes . i doubt . what my puppose . is . then the human . smiles at me
kinda wanna die a little because wisdom tooth pain ... can i go to the dentist already ? ? ?
i'm training someone at work today and omg she's the crankiest most humorless person i've ever met ( she's like 70 )
Do u ever just realize that your mom is a living breathing angel and feel really bad for being mean to her when you we
i've had my new mac for a month and i'm still using the old one oops
french montana cute as hell tho BETAwards
Assume everyone already likes you when you're walking into a room and people will gravitate towards you .
90sWereTheBestBecause ... C'mon , you know why .
A squirrel ? ? ? Wtf ? ? ? celebrityfamilyfeud
Happy NationalLipstickDay ! ! ! toofacedcosmetics TooFacedMelted LAGirlGlazed
Oh wow , sponge cake . Never thought of that one ! celebrityfamilyfeud
I actually never used Google that much back then like now . I mostly used Yahoo or MSN as my search engines . ninetiescnn
"" Britney was like the Madonna and Christina Aguilera was like the Mariah "" you got that right ! ninetiescnn
Yoooooooo . did THAT . VMAs
Crap ! HurricaneIrma is doubled the size of HurricaneAndrew ! It makes Hurricane Andrew look
Booyy , They Feel Like When The Teacher Used To Take Your Phone Til The End Of Class . 90sHouse
Yall got me blushing so hard omg
Jamal & amp ; Carol from Empire meet Carlotta STARSeason 2
School em on the wigs Carlotta Star StarOnFox
I still have that magazine ! I used to stare at that cover a lot , wishing I had her beauty ,
Mark : YES , LETS GO ! Thats exactly what he did do .. go .. home 90sHouse
Whew ! That scene with Andre showing off his abs and taking off his clothes is turnin me on ! suki suki now ! Empire
Oh shit , Cottons prison trade is getting out ... Star StarOnFox
Trashbox = Jahils new mobile home STARonfox
tbt My Barbie bookbag that I had from 2nd or 3rd grade . That was like my favorite
I guess he wasnt so Lucky Too soon Simone ! ! ! StarOnFox STAR
Hakeem has been a good dad to Bella Empire
Yessss cotton sis for the jail tradeeeeeeeee ! he came to claim it staronfox star
I'm hearing boos for South Africa ? MissUniverse 2017
Lucious definitely wants a piece of Cookie . Empire
you should call a doctor baby
Empire PUT IT DOWN JAMAL
Well damn Simone got two options , I wonder who's she's gonna choose LMFAO Star StarOnFox
Ohhhh lord Star is beginning to notice STAR
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Robin's Arrow .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Mindful Quotes .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Shower Thoughts with mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Shower Thoughts with mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Build the Figure .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in 99 : Nine in Line .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Light Da Fuse iOS .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Shower Thoughts with mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily History w / mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Motivation .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Build the Figure .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Shoot Da Bird .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Shower Thoughts with mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Cats 2048 .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Shoot Da Bird .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Mindful Quotes .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Awesome Games .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily Uplift with mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Thankful for ....
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Facts .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in See Da Sights .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Movie Quotes .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Shoot Da Bird .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Scramblah .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Eat Da Cheese .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Da Daily Insult .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Light Da Fuse iOS .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Guess Da Number iOS .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in See Da Sights .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Shoot Da Bird .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Eat Da Cheese .
Tell ur wife to leave her extremely expensive heels at home this time .
forever and always by parachute :)
TBT to my last day in science with big poppa davin ! Hahaha mis you davin ! Can't wait to see you tomorrow ! ! ! ! ! ! ^.^
Hurray ! I've completed the ' A Spoon's Dear when Lunch's Near ' quest in Mystery Manor game ! ipad ipadgames gameins
I have got Linguist achievement in Mystery Manor Blitz ! ipad ipadgames gameinsight
We will have about 7,000 screaming kids in this place in a couple hours . Phantoms vs . Hartford Wolf Pack at 11:00 .
Mike Evans , who sat during the national anthem on Sunday to protest Donald Trump's election , also didn't vote .
No , they were not shooting another commercial in Philadelphia . This bull wound up being shot and kil
. @Rockies , Ian Desmond reportedly agree to 5 - year , $ 70M deal . Club has not confirmed . WinterMeetings
Former Denver Nuggets coach George Karl is not a fan of Melo .
The Chargers are in the market for a new head coach . Mike McCoy is gone after going 5-11 in 2016 .
Paul Ryan tells an undocumented immigrant he doesn't want to deport her RyanTownHall
Brent Musburger is retiring from sportscasting at age 77
Foes of Trump travel ban welcome its suspension -
Kellyanne Conway crumbles under the weight of her own lies
Jeremy Gannon and Dylan Cordingley were the only members to advance to Souderton this weekend .
Breaking : Report on Jos Fernndez's fatal crash concludes he was operating boat , drugs and alcohol involved .
The Lakers are officially Jeanie Buss ' team , so what will she do ? Columnist weighs in ht
The are MLB's 9th most valuable franchise , according to
Memorial Fund Established for Family of Fallen Trooper Delaware State Police backtheblue
The Bradford Exchange is rushing the idea that I have a Granddaughter . Let's hope that's just not true . LOL ! ! !
I just entered a WinIt and won 8 sweeps entries from You can , too . PeanutButterCookieDay
Sears is closing 20 more stores here's the full list
GoPro footage captures the moment a bicyclist was rammed off the road by a hit-and-run driver
CP3 went wild for this UNC commits throwdown . SCtop 10
9 strikeouts for Mark Leiter Jr . , most for a Phils reliever since Ray Culp , 9 , 6 / / 25/66 , 7 inn . vs . PIT . Was there but don '
Today is NationalILovemyFeetday . Here's a past picture . I may be a little edgy . What do you think ?
Houston's coach asked for Hurricane Harvey donations . College teams across the country sprang to action .
Le'Veon Bell signs franchise tender with Steelers
Toys R Us , pioneering big box toy retailer , says it has filed voluntarily for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection .
Sharks Joel Ward could bring anthem protests to NHL .
Eagles named most watchable team in the NFL
Joe Girardi has been fired twice . Once after winning Manager of the Year , the other after falling one win short of the W
Its tough for teams to lose key players to injuries and suspensions but except for teams that have lost starting quarter
The Phillies hired 28 - year-old Pedro Guerrero as their assistant hitting coach . He was a bench coach in rookie-ball last seas
Nice to see the Silverdome is putting up more of a fight than the Lions ever did while playing there . silverdome lions E
We didn't take him seriously . Stupid us .
This is Not about her loss . This is about the Loss of our Democracy . Everyone shud care if Voters rights are being denied
House Hunters International took my cares away !
"" Somebody do something "" must be replaced by "" I will resist , make phone calls , march and speak . "" StandWithJohnLewis Resis
This group just made it more difficult for women to get access to health care worldwide . You tell me what's wrong with th
I was raised Catholic , became Episcopalian & amp ; found out later my family was Jewish . I stand ready to register as Muslim in s
This Administration has mistaken cruelty for strength & amp ; prejudice for strategy . This is not who we are as a country .
He has no heart or soul .
Sally Yates gave us a masterclass in standing up for your beliefs .
Two possibilities : 1 . It's true , and horrifying . 2 . It's the intel / defense community destroying Trump .
I will not be silent about a nominee for AG who has made derogatory & amp ; racist comments that have no place in our justice syst
The piss tape will surface . It's pretty much what I'm living for at this point .
It will be great again once we get rid of you !
Sessions spoke twice in 2016 with Russian ambassador . He didn't disclose this at confirmation hearing to become AG . htt
Trumpcare will kill lots of people ! Yay !
The stuff of nightmares !
But did he make him order the meatloaf ?
Keep hammering at them ,
As we celebrate 241 yrs . of this great experiment , we pray our cherished democracy withstands most ignorant & amp ; corrupt POTUS
Your husband is destroying our youth / people . Do something !
Repeat after me , white supremacy is an affront to American values . Charlottesville
Retweet if u agree they should rip that stupid Robert E Lee statue down immediately . Charlottesville
How is deciding to end DACA & amp ; disrupt hundreds of thousands of DREAMers ' lives in line with the spirit of today's Nat
I'm so proud of the Americans who stood up for their healthcare . Your calls , your emails , your voices you made the differ
How long do we let gun violence tear families apart ? Enough . Congress & amp ; the WH should act now to save lives . There's no excus
TBH I've been expecting this . Donate here :
Nowhere . And , it's not acceptable for Puerto Rico . ... Mr . President ?
Simple . President of the United States should not : 1 . Lie knowingly & amp ; repeatedly ; 2 . Lie about former POTUSes ; 3 . Lie abo
Teachers spend $ 1.6 BILLION per year on school supplies . The Republican tax bill ELIMINATES their ability to deduct those
Thinking about and my brave and hard-working colleagues there who cover famines and wars and politics and terrorism a
Sarah Huckabee Sanders lecturing the media on accuracy is a surreal experience .
Wishing it was 67 degrees right now ! Lol
and the Brown and Cabrera were in the same pack !
Would love to watch Duck Dynasty but just took 2 Benadryls so in a couple minutes I'll be comatose for 8-9 hours hatebeingsick
98 degrees should have stayed in retirement ... They're too old and terrible seriously
Drank 3 cups of green tea today . My bladder hates me but my body thanks me ! healthydrinking
I'm pretty sure I have a death wish . whodoesthis ?
Going to bed , curling up , and crying . I don't even really know why . Damn it .
A bird just flew straight into the windshield in front of my face ... Excuse me while I try to recover from my heart attack .
Look at me , staying up late and smiling and all that jazz .
I do not belong in a car garage .
I thought it was only 10 .... Oops
So it's been a week . . . I'm pretty convinced we'll never talk again .
I don't know if I'll ever feel clean again after all the mud that was caked to my body ... but it totally worth it !
Sometimes when people do certain things I just shrug and say "" why not ? It's not like you'll ever get a real job anyway , ""
Shoutout to the guy who dropped $ 5 in the tip jar this morning . If I could've jumped across the counter , I would've hugged you .
No mom , I will not buy Christmas gifts for your boyfriend . Even if it's UK apparel
I have hands down the best boyfriend ever
No , but seriously . I wish I could just keep him in a bubble away from the all the craziness . previoustweet
well sometimes he games while I sleep lol ... But just think , the semester is near it's end and you won't have to deal with him
There is a dog in my professors bag . This is adorable . I think is going to run up on the stage . I may have to hold her back .
When Daniel mumbles a groggy "" I love you "" in the mornings when I'm getting ready to leave for work , my hearts melt
All I want to do is sleep for days .
Counting the number of stop signs my grandfather ignores , gripping the door handle in fear ....
that's awesome ! Did you like it ? And thank you :)
The box with my birthday presents from Daniel has been delivered .... There are no holes , so it's sadly not my new kitten .
This Once Upon A Time hit me right in the feels
I feel like death . :(
Slowing remembering how to breathe ...
All I want to do is put sweatpants on .
Day 2 of the yoga challenge complete ! I'm on a quest to be a Yogi !
Only having one class on MW is cool . However , having that class at 4 is not . #toolate socold needanap
When wedding plans start to fall in place
Pro Tapes C . O . R . E . Caring Program is extremely thankful to who helped make our fall food drive a huge success !
Gaffers tape can fix anything . Nikon
Thanks for the follow !
Just a dog and his gaff tape . gafferstape dog
Cadorna Railway Station ! I will get a pic of Centrale soon
Thanks for the follows !
Thanks for the follows !
thanks for helping spread the word !
So many colors ! Expensive shoes can be protected from scuff marks with progaff gaffertape
Because somebody , somewhere , loves gaffer tape even more than you do ... LastNightTheTechieSavedMyLife
Double your delight , one roll of black & amp ; one roll of white ! progaff gaffertape pocketgaff
Pro 160 clear ducttape has a high performance acrylic adhesive . Waterproof and UV resistant . http://t.co / 9uuseEiJ2L
Wishing our followers an awesome evening ! Stay safe so we can tweet tomorrow ... that very Special Day !
Putting a smile on 30 children's faces this holiday season with The Salvation Army Angels Tags . #GiveBackThisSeason
the possibilities are endless !
Wonderful color and tape can make a dull room "" pop "" . Canvas , painterstape & amp ; paint can make your work look elegant .
The power of a liquid adhesive in the convenience of tape UGLU is non toxic and acid free !
GaffTape does it all . Even seals my Tupperware for tomorrow's lunch LifeofaProducer ...
Flatbed Die Cutting Vs Rotary Die Cutting , which suits your needs ?
Confusion between bin replenishment and inventory replenishment ?
October is BreastCancerAwarenessMonth Wear the Pink proud and show your support !
Pro 1000 is a non-slip tape used to cover rollers in web processing applications . This stuff has the grip !
Loving this shot of the rainbow of progaff colors ! Photo by Jessica Thurston visiting our friends
TBT courtesy of our friends at Barbizon Australia ! We love what they did to this picture !
Fluorescent consoletape is quite a unique paper tape . Printable , repositionable , and clean removal ! And it pops un
manufacturers and distributors everyone needs tape !
Think Made in the USA ... Think ProTapes !
So excited to welcome my new rolls of to the fam ! I know we're gunna have some great times together ! ( Sharpie p
Whatever way we can help the Godfather of Shock Rock out , we are happy ! Thanks Casa do Roadie For this cool shot !
Playing Chess is so similar to doing Business quick read !
Thank you for your support !
I totally fell in love with all over again . If only the NYC show wasn't sold out .
Champions deserve championship belts . WWE stars stopped by to award Aaron his belt for the HR Derby .
Twackle You are so right ! I have been waiting too long for this . Let's drop the puck and get to this . First check makes it good
Tomorrow night watch the Tulsa / UTEP game . Read my article and get the breakdown .
USF has went to sleep . Rutgers isn't this good .
Vikes catch a break . Lions are a doomed franchise . If they win , it is a sign of your team's Armageddon . #NFL Lions Vikings
Rivalry / Spectacle : 18 Clemson Tigers at South Carolina Gamecocks ( ESPN Sat 9:00 a PST ) via Clemson
North Carolina A & T ( 2-7 ) at 14 Tennessee (8 - 2 ) - via Twackle Aggies Vols Can anyone sit through this ?
Twackle Mississippi Rebels ( 16-5 ) at Kentucky Wildcats ( 20-1 ) This is the analysis any SEC could use .
Summit League : Championship Twackle Summit NCAAM NCAA
The Ravens are stealing a new defense . Ozzie Newsome is burning the other GMs out . Why they can't do their job as well is baffling . Draft
mental health is being ignored in these United States as well .
UCL saw the choke coming . played like younglions and never showed signs of intimidation .
With nothing but pride to play for , Panama should win this final WCQ and put onus on ElTri to pull one out in Costa Rica or stayhome
UCL is ripe , but is in no condition to pluck . Look for a 1-1 finish . This will be a keeper's duel .
NHLonNBC can anyone pls tell those in charge 3 pts for a win does more for finishes than shoot-outs ! could learn from . Playoffs
TCUvsTTU could be showing a kink in the armor as might knock off . Frogs might be overrated
Not getting laid PromIn 3Words
Tonight's v is key to title . Jayhawks favs by 5 , but ' Neers are better team . This is MarchMadness
GhettoHalloweenTreats I've got & amp ; given when I ran ours candy lol anything from school pencils / pens , oatmeal / grit packets , even tooth paste
Why in the freaking hell would I tell anyone what MyWorstFear is ... dah that like asking for it ! !
For anyone who's ever lived in a small town ! CaliforniaSong
I second both those comments
awwww shucks , I feel special ;-) Ur very welcome & amp ; well deserve it !
SHOUTOUT back at ya babe :-)
Check it out people !
Aawwwwwww it's like little notes in the wallet or pockets ! Love those ;-)
Watching a bit of the live stream premiere of BreakingDawnPart 2 This is so hard with all my sports stuff on , ugh lol
I have to admit I didn't think you could do it , lol ... This is more of a thing ... very proud of you three ! !
We spend $ 1,000 , 000 a year per soldier when at war . A fraction of that gives them a HOME when they return . Congress , ...
I'm glad I found to share and ya got one ! I ordered for my G-babies ... parents stocking stuffers , lmao ;-)
Wow they won and I think my son still isn't happy ... lol
1855465 help everyone donate to hurricanesandy victims . Every dollar counts ! Thank you !
Just kno u all rock our world BeautyandtheBeast BATB beasties ! !
I'm watching Elizabethtown GetGlue Elizabethtown
IllNeverRegretMeeting , in person , my kids ( lol yes we do meet them really ) cuz they changed my life a bit making it better & amp ; fun ! !
O,o Hmmm an audio download , yes has to be later ( I'm guessing ) cuz grand daughter is up & amp ; visiting hehehe Thx 4 the post dude
Any plans to hit Fort Worth or Dallas Texas up ?
Hello my wonderful family , hope all is going great & amp ; smooth ! Just a follow up on the job : I'm loving it , fits me to a ' T ' ! Luv ya allz ! !
I love it ;-) Thx for sharing !
To all my Irish & amp ; wanna be Irish ( like me ) twitter family much love and celebration today ! Awesome we get ta celebrate ;-)
thank u so for sharing , that is my man ! ;-)
lol finally a man that does , could we multiply u by a couple 2 million or more hehehe I knew I loved u for some reason :-P
U got this my steelmen ! !
I'm such a heel , after passing ur message around I totally forgot to congratulate u ! U deserve it doll , may it being joy ! PL
. @Beyonce , & amp ; SB50 halftime show has got Raj like ...
Did you know over 80 % of illnesses can be transmitted by your hands ? Be sure to practice good hand hygiene , which includes using PURELL
Always and forever my friend !
Saw this picture and knew immediately I could count on this comment's existence .
Undercover 420 operations are in place . Discreet traps have been set up throughout the city today . Happy 420
That is not a flagrant please gimme a break
Mother We've won ; the Missourians are finished . Lt Johansen's reinforcements rode down Gen Allen & amp ; routed his army . The
I bet you can't cover a high school QB
Colton Sissons was a + 5 tonight . Good lord .
Who you got for game 2 ? FOR PREDATORS FAV FOR PENGUINS
my mom back in 5th grade : "" he's just a bully , he won't succeed in life "" my literal 5th grade bully now , no joke
Now this is just an example of the failing education system of the city of Pittsburgh
Adidas reps after punking us
Gotta include Beyonc if we talkin muses
Why'd I think this was a fresh box from Krispy Kreme ...
I'm as southern as they come and NEVER IN MY LIFE have I identified with that stupid rag . It's association with tod
Get a turnover , wear the chain
Hekker is incredible .. he just attempted a punt that folks only do in practice RespectTheArt
Next on Sportscenter 30 for 30 : What if I told you ... Stupidy beats talent every time ; the Butch Jones story .
Man if you don't shut yo handsome ass up
This isn't Dormady ? ? Dormady doesn't step into his throws
Upset of the year ! 24 - point underdog Syracuse shakes up the college football world with a stunning 27-24 win over No . 2 Clemson .
That time of year again where I start saving every cent I have so I can afford to chase ducks all over America .
He's back ladies and gentlemen
Taylor Lewan every time someone hits Mariota late
So yall just gone sit here and ignore how 80 disappears ? ? ? ? ! ! ? ?
y'alls cumulative team IQ doesn't break 3 digits does it .
Juuse that ? That's Saros with the franchise record for saves in a shutout . 46 !
Can't wait for the football game tomorrow
DONT FORGET TO VOTE FOR : JOSE BRAMBILA & amp ; SALLY CRUZ FOR HOMECOMING KING AND QUEEN ! phs
no I'm not ! I'm so done but I still love you
Waking up to My Boo / / Usher is just perfect
People don't know how to be themselves anymore these days
21 years ago tonight took the stage at the Houston Astrodome for her last live performance ever . ht
Y'all , I swear girls find everything out . If they don't , their friends do . That shit is so true . Omg .
I need to start dorm room shopping
I kinda want to move on but i kinda cant
Love you I love you too Sayuri ( I think this is you ) lol
How low can you go idk tbh lmao
I seen you today ! I KNOW THAT WAS YOU Where did you see me ?
You into Mexicans ? sure
I can go from caring so much to not at all so fast
When you didn't have to cut any friends off in 2017 cause you barely have any
come over here ! !
Spring break needs to start over
how can I know what are the actionmojis ?
biggest pet peeve is being called bro
Yo I go back to Huntsville in four days and I am not ready to leave my family
To all you girls that love James Avery , go purchase something that's going to help people ! ! !
I say this every year and somehow never end up going
Paula DeAnda - Walk away I swear that walk was the longest walk in history but I still know this word from word
Zoo lights with my family this year I cant wait to go home !
like ... do you HONESTLY think I spend $ 30 on a powder highlighter for someone who complains about buying me a $ 5 drink ? Gue
dude i lost my th streak on my 198th day ! ! ! I FEEL THIS PAIN
RAiN DROPS DROP TOP MY VERiZON "" UNLiMiTED "" PLAN RAN OUT OF DATA CAN SOMEONE PLEASE TURN ON THEiR HOT SPOT
im having a lot of feelings right now & amp ; i dont know what to do with them so im just gonna sit and question my attra
ugh yes THANK U i uh ... needed it ... for a friend
another in the photo essay series of snaps i don't know why i saved
which is right ? xoxo :
Today I gave my boss two signs and said "" primo . "" whose manz am i
let's pretend this is impressive
do u like my sweater
When i found out that WWE was fake
hey hey hey werent we in mrs oconnors class together do you remember this i rlly hope you do
the best cheetah girls movie is
that's also good buuuuuut still love fidgeting with the guys
How do you say it ? ( not necessarily what the brand name is ) / ?
Vince Staples = that thing where you're at an actually GOOD house party & amp ; you're really fckd up , moving through a crowd of people ( but sexy )
dont fav if youre not offering any rob thomas takes
Baltimore City : Code Red now through Sunday . Not THAT Code Red ! Code Red = "" feel like "" > 105F ! Drink lots of water ( not so
just saw a man so hot that i am now a different woman
live look in at me from now until sunday night
today's ' peos were essentially mids smh
R E C E I P T S
to bless your timeline in this spooky month ... here's christina ricci who played wednesday addams , dressed as morticia ad
I have watched this video so many times and it never ceases to be funny
I know how many brands are in the Hilton Portfolio - do you ? HowManyHiltonsMCR
I'm giving away something for you on mystery . Get it here -
I Like a Photo photocontest
Dedicated to all nappy headed girls ! pursuitofnappyness nappy 4life nappyroots nappythat naturalhair nappyme
Lady Gaga - Bad Romance via
Disturbed - down with the sickness
I Like a Photo photocontest
Funny pictures | Funny Pictures . more here
BabyAdam is a beautiful boy with no eye lids , nose , and legs fused together AdamsStory Retweet
Its cat adoption month , and weve got some tips for picking out the right kitten for you .
Nobody likes hairballsleast of all your cat .
P ! nk - Try
You should join me on Listia to get some cool free stuff plus a special bonus gift here :
I liked a video "" What The Hell "" ( Baby - Justin Bieber Parody ) By Dani Shay
I received a peer recognition photography
ADIDAS "" Zeitfrei "" Slides ... size 7 Men's ( women's 9 ) FitFOAM / Velcro flap ... EXCELLENT
I joined the Multiple Photo Contest on ViewBug . photography
myrescuestory the beta I have is not not a normal fish :( doesn't swim arounf much or eats much hes kinda weird
Giving your cat nutritious meals gives you great perks . Earn points on each bag + grab swag :
I received 2 peer recognitions photography
myrescuestory Please check out my rescue cat sanctuary on Facebook community page : Melinda's Mini-Cat-Sanctuary ( meow )
Have you seen this child ? DANTE SMITH
Its best to kiss your cat today , even if she isnt exactly Irish ! HappyStPatricksDay
I joined the Social Exposure Photo Contest Vol 8 on ViewBug . photography
Last day for the community to show it's colors . Help Nepal if you can .
I loved Mirror's Edge ! I look forward to anything they show us on that front .
Come out and support us . Stream it up . Follow the rules . And let's kick some butt ! !
Great show last night ! You keep me guessing ! Jane still needs a hug though . Blindspot
that's amazing ! Sounds like a blast .
Thanks for this . My Dad's a Vet , I know he'd say the same if he could . See you in the White House in 2020 ;)
Destiny 2 with headphones on , against the Hive ; Art & amp ; Sound were amazing & amp ; suddenly felt like a horror film !
Sometimes I get so frustrated , I wanna throw a rock at your head & amp ; shout "" HEY , DUMBASS , I LIKE YOU ! ""
I'm really tired of being treated like everything I do is wrong when I really did nothing at all .
Boys , take off your pants . In this heat , we'll need to be wearing shorts .
* me catching up with friends * "" So , Jamie , how has your summer been ? "" - "" Great ! I lost two of my best friends ! "" derp
you know I love you , right , Jessica ? xD
I took Zimbio's Leonardo DiCaprio character quiz , and I'm Gatsby Leo . Who are you ? ZimbioQuiz
WhatsInTheBox ? Demi ? ?
William Control is about to perform ! I have been waiting for YEARS to see wiL Francis !
... I'm like , Angelo , I'm on Final Papers Week at College ... I know how you feel ...
My favorite again ! I got Prince Phillip ! Which Disney Prince Should be Your Prom Date ? | Oh My Disney
"" All I wanted was to eat a chicken that was smarter than other chickens and absorb its power . "" OMG I CAN'T OITNB
Just got back to Ramapo , AHHHH ! HomeSweetPo
There's times I stayed alive for you , there's times I would have died for you . There's times it didn't matter at all .
You're the reason things have to change .
I got "" Everybody ( Backstreets Back ) "" ! Which "" Backstreet Boys "" Song Should Be Your Personal Anthem ? via
If you don't understand how makeup shopping can be the highlight of my week , you don't understand me .
Unless I get the chance to meet another one / all of them , this will forever be the best day of my
"" Not right for someone to pull this shit on a Sunday ... "" LOLOK AHS AHSHotel
THANK YOU ! End institutional racism & amp ; the war on drugs ! FeelTheBern DemDebate
My sister got me Dunkin Donuts at 2am and is watching Ratatouille with me to cheer me up
My internship co-workers got me an iTunes gift card and a thank you card for my last day of
selfie selfienation selfies me love instagood instaselfie selfietime face
My sparkling birthday cake !
Meet my new fish , Bean !
All around her people stare as she slowly falls apart , picking up pieces of her clumsy little
In my dreams , I'm waking up to roses , Champagne , kisses , and I know it's Always , always gonna
Also for NationalHairDay , one way to observe is to tell people about what tools you use to make
I got : Your Deepest Secret Is That You're Scared Of Getting Older on ' Design Your Ideal Bedroom & amp ; We'll Reveal Your
I wish to thank and . Real stand-up guys yes indeedy !
Did you know there's a real dentist in Lodi , CA named Dr . Daryl B . Payne ?
More radical retweets just came in from and Thanks !
Once my Facebook fan page has 50 fans , I'm going to give a free goodie to a random fan . Spread the word !
NC woman accused of selling moonshine at day care
Ever figure out what was wrong with your iPhone apps ?
Today's comic : "" You Feel Lucky ? "" . if you like .
Hiiii , thanks for the follow ! ! has told me about you and the rather incredibly frozen climate you live in :P
Commencing desire to bear-hug .
Lemme just ... walk over to the fridge and pour you one . If I'm not back in ten minutes , call an ambulance .
Rather drafty in here with the huge broken window . And there's still glass all over the place . So , cold AND dangerous . Like Hoth .
A little emasculating : the fact that my favorite cooking / recipe app for the iPhone is the Women's Day Cooking Assistant .
And so , with my to-do list vanquished for the day , I can head to bed , knowing that I can be proud that I FORGOT TO TAKE OUT THE TRASH DANGIT
With any luck , within a few months I'll be to the point where we can actually run together , and you get a workout . 5K perhaps !
Is there a song out there that's funkier than Parliament's "" Flash Light ? "" If there is , I might not be able to handle it .
Today : not the best day , but fortunately not the worst , either . I will truck on towards tomorrow , which , with luck , will be more satisfying .
What does THAT feel like ? I've been playing the role of "" Bitter Husk 3 "" nearly my whole life . I feel so ... typecast !
Thank you , cat , for peeing on my backpack . I fancy I needed a new one , anyway .
Quick random trip to St . Louis ? Wassup there ?
Woo ! The tire was under warranty , so I got a replacement for free . Rock on ,
FINALLY . An answer to all my problems with voicemail .
Nice new Twitter avatar !
Probably not for what exercise balls were originally intended :
That's half the fun of complaining about getting "" old "" ;) Thanks !
In an absurd twist , I've found that listing things for sale on eBay is nearly as addictive as actually buying things on eBay . fb
The only thing I really hate about is that it auto-installs Skype extensions in your browsers . DO NOT WANT . Opt-in , guys .
Beavis And Butt-Head ' 11 Sneak Peek - I loved Beavis & Butt-head . And no fair judging me ; I was a teenage ...
Photo : Milissa and I roasted our own pumpkin seeds last night , which is something Id actually never done ! ...
At a campaign event Thursday evening , Gingrich [ ] called on his rivals to all agree that whoever becomes ...
The Fresno braided ramps project has its problems , but I think it's nice they were able to provide so many jobs to the mentally handicapped .
I act like I don't care , but deep inside , I don't give a fuck
A nap would be ideal right about now
happppppy birthday love you feefs !
Now I know my phone was SHATTERED a few weeks ago so I can't b judgmental , but that phone right there has pa
Anyone know where I can find some cantstandthesebitches soaboveu
Now that I'm sick and sad this break is the extreme blow .
"" Turn around ! That nigga's gonna kill you ! Look out for that zombie ! RUN , NIGGA , RUN ! "" Cut that shit out . People can ...
If my $ 25 don't come back on my card , me and Godiva are going to have problems shit ! ! !
lol . What are you watching ? ?
I want Chinese but I don't wanna get out of bed ... lazyfuhdayzzzz
This Law and Order SVU episode ALWAYS raises my pores . SVU USA
Dammmmmn DeviousMaids Ms . Lucinda wasn't ready ! ! ! !
That's if they shut North down tmlt
I'm getting tired of calling you and not getting a response or just straight up voicemail !
Poncho .. SMART .. No poncho ... EHHHH
this is adorable . Omf . x3
Happy LaborDay to everyone ! ! Especially everyone who still had to work ! Hope you all got some final summer sun .. im o
* Definitely gonna do a follow / RT spree at 2M Thanks to all who follow ! ! SpellCheck
Cross the line if a television show has ever made some type of impact on your life .
RTExtraLife I love how Barbara is still crashed out .
Guys ... It's this week . 4YearsOfBigTimeRush
PeopleWhoMadeMy 2013 everybody at They never fail to put a smile on my face .
Today stats : No new followers , 2 unfollowers via
Today stats : One follower , 2 unfollowers via
New studip WIP is going to be like a quaint little Roosterteeth town . WE'RE GONNA NEED MORE SCOOTERS
My Operation Supply Drop poster just came ! Yay ^.^
"" Anywhere youre gonna be , thats where I wanna be , right now . Did I say that out loud ? ""
Cross the line if your best friend complains when you don't give them attention but ignores you in your time of need .
my mom will try to message her this week . so hopefully you still can come .
Start drinking . Bitch .
Worst night sleep . Don't care . Today's the day . TODAY'S THE DAY ! HAPPY BIRTHDAY RT13
Have fun you two ! !
When a Capricorn , #Virgo , #Taurus , #Leo is feeling sad : Their whole day is ruined and it's nothing you can do or say to make
Normal Saturday night . Got shot in the phone but it totally survived . RTExtraLife
She said ears , but no body piercings .
Ohhhh , Toby . SwitchedatBirth
Ohh I can't wait ! Gonna try to catch this stream tonight ! !
Way to go everyone LetsPlayReunion
Really really proud of disney right now . I love this episode of AndiMack .
Andy out there like ' I signed up for one shot ' RTExtraLife
At work ... quickly losing my mind ( and it's first thing in the morning ) . Don't you hate that ?
iWillNeverUnderstand why some people think science and math aren't important . DoAScience !
Mama ! ! ! Welcome to the Twitters XD
Today's ThingOfTheDay : Fata Morgana . Air temperature affects the refraction angle of light in big ways ! physics
From Carl Sagan's "" Pale Blue Dot ""
The indifference about the distinction between truth and lies is the precondition of fascism . When truth perishes so does
Started listening to Civics 101 ( @civics101pod ) the other day . is nailing it ! BeInformed civics
But ... These goobers think they know what a movement is ! It's infuriating and hilarious ! It's infurilarious !
* wakes up * Ah , nice day out . * sees "" World War III "" and "" Confederacy "" trending *
Me and garrett sound like soulja boy
Augusta ? Im not sure , the guy drives like we stole it
Must be weird hearing shpongle from my closet
oh damn , ill have to stop by when im on my way back home
that was a lie ! ! ! BUSTED on her own show lol
MoreDanceMoms come on i wanna see the video !
he should get NO MORE WORK Idc if he has talent some things aren't worth it
she does have a very big voice for being such a very small girl ! Glad she let go and let loose
yessir maybe ill find out how old u are
Esp with the cute hat and outfit ! She does look like she is growing fast !
I am so sick of facebook all ppl do is bully
those are nice yes we do some of that
are you on a phone
She nailed it ! Both girls are beautiful ! The anticipation is killing me .
Syfy orders new ' Battlestar Galactica ' series pilot - Live Feed #comments #comments #comments
BLOOD AND CHROME JUST KEEPS GETTING WORSE AND IS ONLY GOING TO RUIN BSG ALL TOGETHER ! !
( Pretty Cool Looking ) A Simple Animated Message To SYFY On B & C's New Look ! ! !
AION $ $ $ SHUGO EVENT ! - Haven't Tried AION YET ? Nows The TIME To TRY it OUT ! $ $ $ FREE GIFTS , XP & MORE $ $ $ ShugoShop
via Human Face crafted with Magnetic Spheres
via SAVE MAGNET ART - MR . Peanut Salutes the artform then goes POSTAL .. xD :)
The "" Best Of "" Collection ( Save Magnet Art ) via
that's what I was thinking !
tell low-t I'm sorry lol
we have 2nd and 3rd hour !
I had one they're not that bad
like chill your whoreness down
what did I just read
Alisen's brother just farted while sitting next to me
just want a little adventure in my life
pita way makes any day better
this is the greatest thing ever , I'm gonna ask finny
i hope im reincarnated into an alien
. @SpeakerBoehner , you've lost control of the House . You can stop this - - end the shutdown . EnoughAlready
Happy Birthday ! ! !
DaleJr makes it 11 in a row :
More Comics , New Animated Series , and New Movie ? Hell yeah , this just made my year !
I posted 9 photos on Facebook in the album "" 2015 San Diego Auto Show ""
Constantine is trending at number 7 in US , number 4 in LA , number 5 in NY .
I hope all of the father ` s out there had great day , I wouldn ` t be where I am without mine .
Cool lighter ! ! ! Know where we could get one , ConstantineOnArrow
I hope everyone had a Merry Christmas !
This is repellent . Northrop Grumman is one of the biggest defense contractors in the world . REAL tech that kills REAL peopl
I could watch that Joker run all day
Something that's cool about making comics is you get fans and then the fans yell at you all the time .
lol what kind of ahole starts campaigning years before re-election
Of course dolph ziggler is a rick and morty guy . of course . of course
Thanks to those who have donated and RTed so far !
Please help my friend Mark get all delirious from lack of sleep and raise money at the same time . Both are good causes !
I really don't want to see that dumb truck nuts tweet again
I'm hungry but I'm also tired and I guess we'll just see which one wins
Dudes ( it's always dudes ) that roar motorcycles up and down residential streets at 9pm and later are just the absolute coolest dudes
Flyers in Kensington Market getting fucking real
Who else can't dill with how much they love Linda ? BobsBurgers
IT'S CALLED * ROOMMATES * YOU INVENTED * * * ROOMMATES * * *
Oh boy , Another ally .
shinsuke nakamura has been eliminated cool its my bedtime anyway survivorseries
Hey the guy inserting the bumpers is way too early ! MST 3KTurkeyDay
And if I should die before I wake That would be fine . Solve a lot of problems , actually .
a cool thing abt America is theres a bill in front of congress right now that will kill thousands of children so a few h
How we feeling about good ol ' mavericky John McCain the maverick man with a conscience
You wanna know pressure ? Try remembering a whole dance sequence you learned the day before right before a mad 8 man tag
Jesus Christ , 80 ' s .
the rock drank a beer , missed a lariat , got stunned , did his big backflip while spitting the beer , and turned direc
As folks keep tweeting thank you to black women , heres a story worth sharing :
see , because of me now they have a warning
Youre currently mansplaining mansplaining without a lick of irony and its the funniest shit Ive seen all day . Have a w
always forget how much of a douche dan harmon deliberately is until he turns up on a thing i otherwise enjoy
We getting a puppy when I move
It's always gonna be an racial issue
I'm glad I recorded empire
If you gotta hide and delete shit then you shouldn't be doing it
What is Lucious Lyon's real name ? Tweet now with BeOnEmpire for a chance at a walk-on role in S2 ! Dwight walker
I'd rather be anywhere but here
Somebody paid me to Joan I'm joaning like back in the Hub in Highschool
We made it to ga safe !
This nigga must be hot as fuck
i love i sware yall i admit it i hope one day i can fuck her just to say i fuckin hit it - miss me freestyle -
A nice hot shower should help me sleep !
Spades with the gang ! It's been a while
Got a lot of work to do !
This some angel in the outfield type shyt
Bruh I know that pattie labelle pie ain't that good
Remember you always gotta love yourself first before you try to love another person .
Suppose to be going to Orlando this weekend ! Hmm
Anybody know when the library open back up ?
Never know whose watching you
If you're my first wish then my first wish granted !
My baby just be chilling
"" Women like to be ignored and treated like shit "" uhh not me . I'll take a nice man .
going to the doctor at UAB tomorrow !
Class drags on by sooo slowwww
Seriously ready to be out of the doctor and on the way back to my love in flotown greatday finaltomorrow lotsastudying !
Through the wormhole with morgan freeman = AWESOME ! ! hellyeah
Should I wear the little gucci dress , the little gucci dress , or the little gucci dress ? I know I'll wear the little gucci dress spicegirls
Bagels ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Everybody Hates shorts with uggs .. I don't care what you say I love it ! My feet get cold easy and the rest of my body is not cold ! !
coral hash ? Sounds crazyyy
Job interview today ! Y'all pray I get it ! ! !
so I totally think I just rode my bike right past you on a porch ! Miss youuu
On my way to Florida for the wassnerweddingweekend !
Guess which Marriott property currently has the 1 Food and Beverage Operations AND the 1 Spa in the country ? ...
Stay 2 nights or more and get 2 x 24 hour Buffet of Buffet passes ! Packages start at just $ 52 / night !
Got my movie in the mail today ! !
Our Summer Sale Is Hotter Than Ever ! 25 % off rooms , plus get $ 20 dining credit / night . Book your rooms from here :
Special package includes : Deluxe Studio Suite , and 25 % off PennandTeller Show tickets
Buffet of Buffets Package 2 NIGHTS & amp ; 2 Buffet Passes from $ 84 / night
Not thrilled about this snow Nashville , Tennessee
Did you know aquamarine green see glass actually comes from old Coca-Cola bottles ? UnderTheSeaGlass
Don't want to get out of bed because that means I need to study for one more final
Some pet owners go above and beyond .
Taking care of my sick dad today
My sister just said fo shizzle ....
Mini goat baby is adorable !
Well just found out my class is in a different room on Fridays that's cool ... And it's in the most complicated part of the building
In other words ... 5 hours of nonstop bussing and dishes ... Oh and a nice little slice on my finger from glass :(
Retweet if you believe that USA will come back and beat Canada in the 3rd Period . USA
And now the sun is out ... What the heck ...
well this is awkward ... ISayThatAllTheTime
Even distance can't break this bond 1300 miles apart
RUF SuCo Day 1 : View from our room Panama City , Florida
Keep Calm and Bleed Purple
I feel ya . Summer school sucks
Things are always better when we are together Oceanside Beach
The fact that I am only halfway done with my linear algebra and I already have 4 pages front and back
Do you ever just like flex your foot wrong & amp ; it cramps & amp ; you're just like this is it , this is how it ends .
Interfering in someone elses argument is as foolish as yanking a dogs ears . - Proverbs 26:17
Looks like done messed up GoFrogs
this is what beautiful looks like
Thank you to time hop for reminding me that it is saint Patrick's day
it's almost offensive when Netflix asks if you're still there
I thought I was in California . Not Texas
dare I ask how you know this ?
The things we do cause the neighbors keep stealing our spot
It would be nice if these refs had some eyes TCUvsOU
jajaja NuncaTanRapeComoLaPera vamos a la playa
cuando se trabo valio verga
I'm no Yuppie ! I just earned a Duck Dynasty Duck Scout Badge ! -
Which of the FiOS Lounges Super Chill Flicks has your favorite scene ? What was it ? FiOSFanatics sponsored
Waking up your mouth with Ricola is a great way to get a little boost of energy naturally swissherbs sponsored
Tell us about a savory dish YOU would use SPLENDA Sweetener Products in ! splendasavvies sponsored
I'd repaint my bedroom because i think a little color can really make it pop GlamCrowd sponsored
Johnsonville Sausage Brats are perfect for dinner , the cheddar brats are great in jambayla SausageFamily Sponsored
How does it feel to have Power over Periods with Tampax Pearl ? TampaxCrowd sponsored
Advil Menstrual Pain can help relieve my worst cramps and pms headaches fastadvilfanatics sponsored
No point itching when you can use prep h wipes and get cooling relief ad prephcrowd getcomfortable
Ha ! Loving that White Castles page has discounts for yummy burgers ! cravercrew sponsored
This summer was a fun summer mcdonaldscrowd sponsored
Cape cod is very pretty and relaxing . Yay for vacation .
Spoke with Tammy last night . she was absolutely amazing . Funny , kind , and solved my issue ! She made me happy to be with
Be Still for a while and Praise God for His Favor , His Awesomeness & amp ; His Grace . All Is Possible . Own your Dreams .
Take the limits off of God . He wants to do something new , something amazing in your life .
Wow . You know you want this
You wont be fulfilled by trying to do what someone else is doing . The anointing on your life is for your giftsyour callin
The amount of sleep you need to keep your appetite under control :
How you feel after a Rejuvinations Massage .
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like , and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve .
Spending the day in Charlottesville !
Ok this whole "" last sports night ever "" nostalgia and sadness wore off , now I just want to leave . whendoesthisend
My favorite part of the day is when it's over .
Failed my eye exam . This occasion is important for two reasons ; 1 . You'll be seeing me in glasses . 2 . This is the first exam I've failed .
I'm two paragraphs in and I can't do this anymore . sundaynightessay
Children , children everywhere .
So excited to begin my new astronomy-free life
Ok so basically the whole scenario came out of the Doctor's head . He's got dark stuff
It has been 38 years since Virginia last won the ACCChampionship . What a way to end the drought ! UVAvsDUKE
People who don't respond quickly to emails are my least favorite people
45-10 . Rack em up
Sideburns are named after American Civil War General , General Burnside . a true legend
not 21 but if you ever wanna grab sbucks I'm your girl
Division 4 Champs ! ! ! LangleyWildthings NVSL
. @kschwarb12 ' s home run just landed ... in Oakland .
Bath time is always the source of great conflict . starwarsmashup kyloren hansolo princessleia
Thanks for the tour & amp ; new autographed twigs CapsCare
* Swipes right . * MillennialFlirting
when dad is waiting for you at home plate
Me : How was your day ? 6 - year-old : I didnt cry . Me : Me neither . Looks like we both overachieved .
The REAL reason Russell Wilson tripped into his own end zone ...
Never sell a golf club on Facebook to someone from East Kilbride !
Crosby throws a fuckin water bottle on the ice during the play . This guy can literally get away with anything
GameOfThrones just got me from so happy to petrified in like two seconds
And then we proceeded to waste half our day . animojikaraoke iphonex queen bohemianrapsody carriedaway
Pet treats recalled in salmonella outbreak
Obama Collector's Coins Turn Out To Be Stickers Stuck On Regular Coins How symbolic ! via
Work at home as tech writer : & Work at home writing opp :
Solar Taxi Completes Trip Around The World Without a Drop of Oil ~
TY & Wow ! Cloned dairy cows are reality : and
Now O has Social Security recipients "" sharing the wealth "" No Social Security raises projected for three years
followfriday Your so welcome you make me smile and give great info .. I appreciate it so very much
YW for RT'ing you & you asked how I was today , I said Wonderful :) that's okay , I have a short memory too :)
God refused to give up on me , and He wont give up on you .. thank you 4
Congrats .. it's almost time ! Beautiful Sunset ... Still no Baby Girl ... The suspense is Killing Me ! ;)
If the liberal voice in America has their way , the Fairness Doctrine will end conservative talk radio tcot republican
' s2u Rt Prayer REALLY does work , people . God really is there , & here , and everywhere . He does hear us in our desperate hour .
It is better this way Mark Plz read this : Why I am doing a mass unfollow of the peeps I am following :
Rare Multicoloured Chrysanthemum Stuns Horticulturalists
Thank you so much & for the ff mention
ty for RT'ing GMO Halloween Candy : A Pesticide-Laden Horror
I took a survey and was rewarded with $ 0.50 . There are 8 daily surveys available !
How would you answer this : "" From which generation do you hail ? ""
How would you answer this : "" How are you voting this year ? ""
I took a survey and was rewarded with $ 0.50 . There are 8 daily surveys available !
How would you answer this : "" When do you typically take a shower ? ""
How would you answer this : "" If you lost your job , what would you do ? ""
I have been taking surveys and am receiving an Instant Paypal payment for $ 31 . Join me for free !
Complications of ego : I am beautiful because he loves me . He loves me because I am beautiful .
What is your favorite Pandora station for therapy ?
The poem to close out my last three days before I leave the company . giantpoetry
Addressing Sexual Deviance : Does Making Art Help or Hinder ? | Psychology Today
One will have to look at my email history to find our love letters , w / red ribbon bows of code . Tangled in ads & amp ; work , but such is our time .
Oh Hi back ! I am not certain - I mean , it must . Not all TBI's heal . However , I don't think we really understand the limits .
A strange mania is brewed in midnight waffle houses , w / wallets outstretched on chained tethers , & amp ; a seductive smell of sugar-drenched air .
1940 ' s Paul Frankl Oak buffet :
The next year , in third grade , his teacher was talking about math and why you need math .
innopsy : Here it is a lack of trauma-informed practices among non-MH practitioners , low access to resources , stigma .
He reads my art like a textbook , but I hope others only see themselves in it . openness , love , art , partnership
What Your Clothes Are Telling You :
Got problems ? Play more . Laugh more . Explore more . Do less . Love more . Invest more . Settle in . Wrap yourself in the knowns . minutetherapy
When it is ok to be stuck in therapy . New blog post , vulnerability , metaphor , therapy , insight , butterfly
Don't flinch . Poker face . Don't judge . Don't get intimidated . See the child under the gear . That's where the work is .
We work , as healers , on a micro scale , but the problem is much more global . It feels like we need to have bigger conversations .
I would argue that if it abuses someone it is grave matter but the usual conditions would have to apply
Ever read your twitter feed like this ... duh ... duh ... duh ... duh ... duh .. what ARE our faculty DOING that isn't IDIOTIC ? ?
To me , Sadness feels like cold , wet stones behind the eyes - and glass shattered in my chest . My stomach feels like clay . feelingmetaphor
which means fb intentionally taunts you with faces you might rather not see w / no way to get rid of them .
New iPhone bends in pockets . Spend your money wisely .
I feel like we are still working in the dark ages - kids who won't know their parents b / c getting them Seroquel is too hard ? Insane & amp ; unjust .
Told Poet BF that I was going to look at Pinterest pics of babies whenever he eats pie in front of me . karma , glutenfree
I have books . You can get one signed directly from me . You can also click to order a Kindle version . All right here .
mhm . Sorry your day sucks . I won't spin platitudes your way , but again - wrap up in Brene . She is awesome .
If you haven't read ' The Gifts of Imperfection ' by Brene Brown yet , give yourself the gift and read it .
I think that if you do , you have a much higher chance of being written into a movie . Make it a trilogy & amp ; $ $ $ $ $ .
Couldn't find helpful , active Mindfulness groups on Facebook . So I started one . Join :
They say to write hard and true about what hurts . So , I present the shortest work ever : bones .
Being a book addict means having piles of "" to-read "" in every room . I worry about when and
BRAWNDO HAS WHAT PLANTS CRAVE watch the movie
Have you had your daily dose of WMMT ? If not , tune in for a rockin ' Friday night line up !
Amish Deli & Health Treasures in Hazard , KY ! Live well .
Tune us in tonight as we celebrate Radio Whitesburg with Free Form Rock n Roll ! Dial us in 88.7 Wmmt ...
It's Fund Drive Day 4 , & amp ; we're at 1/3 of our goal of $ 30k ! Today's for the rockers-stream live & amp ; pledge yr . support at
way to grow ! let's get this party garden-ed ! till us more ! smells like green spirit ! we dig it ! Thanks , we're here all week .
In our latest Mtn . News podcast : a bus ride w / the UMWA from Castlewood , VA to St . Louis , a reading from Fenton Johnson
What he said ! Hey ! Look for me on the radio today from 1-4 EST !
We have 120 days to let know how we feel about NetNeutrality . FYI : We're totally into it . Like in a weird way . openin
TOMORROW NIGHT ! Pick and Bow concert at Visit to learn more about Pick and Bow .
Was worth a trip to DC to see George Pickow's photo of Shirley Collins , Jean Ritchie and Alan Lomax in NYC , 1960 .
Listen to me talk more in depth about my writing , career as a coal miner , and how I feel about coal in my hometown ht
Finding joy can be a struggle in hard times , but maybe it's what we need most . A new MN & amp ; WR - - "" Reasons to Celebrate ""
Hazard Herald | Appalshop Launches Mines to Minds Hi-Tech Job Training Initiative
Hey y'all--please consider giving to this week during their fall fund drive ! Without them there is no us .
Forget and regret , or else life will be yours to miss
Pet stores that sell puppies support puppy mills . Join me and pledge not to buy anything from stores that sell puppies :
I collected 17 pts scanning an item on CheckPoints with my iPhone . Use bonus code : megggy 28 for $ 1 gift card .
Temple University upsets No . 3 Duke in a thrilling , 78-73 win .. 1st time since 1996 !
it's great to find you on twitter ! I'm from the states but actually played on your courts while living in Brisbane - amazing !
8 runs all season . 5 runs this inning .
This is so much better than the lady on the ship . closingceremony olympics
deadfish uh ... Please the creator ... . Thank you .
Yes look at this match right now ! ausopen 13
Must next message to be eligible . PhilliesPhriday
Nadal vs . Federer : Follow their 31st career match from Cincinnati here :
Celebrating a great Eagles season with this guy at my favorite place texmex flyeaglesfly gobirds
Lets turn more cancer patients into survivors . Pass the Baton w / and
I walk in today and my mom tells me she was just ' looking at me and Jake in the paper ' ... the above .
Tough questions for the final 5 - well done ladies ! MissAmerica 2015 ... for the biggest airheads in America
While I try to figure out how to be on 3 separate LiveMeetings and 1 f2f meeting all 11 this
Maddy , 11 weeks . Loves snuggling in her room and on the couch . Sleepy from seeing the vet today
My twitter account got hacked . If something got sent to you , sorry ! Not me !
Reading proverbs 31 while waiting for kids to wake up .
is feeling sick . Hannah is already sick . eww .
is so excited because she fixed her cellphone charger cord . hahahahahhaa .
is sitting autozone while hubby fixes van . Kids are driving me nuts !
therumpus.net / 2010/01 / conversations-about-the-internet - 5 - anonymous-facebook-employee / ? full = yes umm , creepy !
I liked a YouTube video - - Rihanna - Love The Way You Lie ( Part II ) ( Piano Version )
Thank u and James Scott . ! ! ! It was an amazing event for www . theearthorganization . org ...
Just wanna say the writing for all the scenes we've been taping this week has been fantastic ! Lots of excited ...
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in The Weather Channel .
SunLife bench rocking chair is your best choose in outdoors . giveaway
Have you heard E Money - I Been Juggin ( Ft . EJ LaGrand ) by EJ LaGrand on SoundCloud ? np JuggCI
Someone close to you could become annoyed or even angry with y ... More for Libra
* Official Video * Juggin By Ft EJ LaGrand JUGGMusic
Thank The Lord For Another 24
I Rather You Say Fuck Me Than Act Like You Fuck Wit Me
Its Dry And Lit Tho
You peacemakers are given a wonderful opportunity to exercise ... More for Libra
You wish you could take your coworkers under your wings today , ... More for Libra
An increasing number of social commitments begins to infringe ... More for Libra
You can't let others opinions cloud up your vision
FUCK WIT EJ LaGrand - Juggin & amp ; Hustlin by EJ LaGrand on SoundCloud ? np
I Dont Want No New Friends Some Old Friends I Dont Want Too
Mfs Never Look Out But Always Ask For Somethinn
The Devil Is Winning Smh
I Just Wanna Gtf From Everybody
What He Say ? Fucka Nigga I Aint Even Get To Hear It
Your morning will likely be totally different than your aftern ... More for Libra
Thank The Lord For Another 24
Something is out of whack today , and everyone acts as if they ' ... More for Libra
Listen to Juggin & amp ; Hustlin by EJ LaGrand np on SoundCloud
My Fuckinn TV Keep Switchinn I Cant Watch Shit On This Bitch
Im Conviced Its No Hope For The World
It seems as if everyone you run into pushes your buttons today ... More for Libra
You may be thinking about redirecting your energy to take care ... More for Libra
Maintaining your forward progress is nearly impossible now , es ... More for Libra
It's impossible to get a straight story out of anyone today , o ... More for Libra
I kno one thang na she wana fuk . !
? ? ? ? ? Ohh really
bit yu made dat dirty water
Bit swear she hard but ain't popd me yet doe .
He actually sounds good singing her song !
A person will tell you anything just to get what they want ..
A new study has found that paracetamol ( acetaminophen ) , which is used extensively during pregnancy , has a strong ...
Plz Sign the White House Petition for National Pain Strategy by on
Local Transmission of Zika Likely Occurring in Florida
They count on this as part of the budget , said Louis Weiss , a former supervisor of the DEA group assigned to ...
1 in ' pill mill ' trial guilty , 2 acquitted
Whats really happening here ?
Opioids & amp ; benzos
"" "" The scheduling is temporary , but many people think it is unlikely to be reversed . "" Its fairly unlikely that ...
How you treat yourself sets the standard for how others will treat you . - Steve Maraboli quote
Alessandro Speciale , MD , is an orthopedic surgeon at The Spine Center at Anne Arundel Medical Center . After nearly ...
Let us never negotiate out of fear . But let us never fear to negotiate . - John F . Kennedy quote
Don't ask God to guide your footsteps if you're not willing to move your feet . - Unknown quote
The best is the enemy of good . - Voltaire quote
Until you cross the bridge of your insecurities , you can't begin to explore your possibilities . - Tim Fargo quote
Don't exercise your freedom of speech until you have exercised your freedom of thought . - Tim Fargo quote
Strict limits on opioid prescribing risk inhumane treatment of pain patients
The CDC Opioid Guidelines Violate Standards Of Science Research
One finds limits by pushing them . - Herbert Simon quote
those responsible for the cyber attack , which affected 47 hospital trusts across the UK , "" should be made to pay "" ...
As a candidate , Trump said he was in favor of permitting medical cannabis , adding that he would respect states ...
Finally on line the first Italian textbook on Obstetric Analgesia and Anesthesia - https://t.co / TO5sBIlk4O
US Pain Foundation on CVS Opioid Policy
( ) [ : 173 ]
"" @PaulaSmillie xx My double vision seems to get the best of me !
Wild by by Adrian horses CGE sunset silence
Breaking Through Botany Bay Road , Edisto Island , South Carolina by Michael Woloszynowicz
Cafe iguana it is with my girls tonight
- I Can Truly Say I'm Over It All . ! ! !
- I Almost Hauled Tail Out Of Parliament One Of My Suitemates Just Woke Up They Scared The Mess Out Of Me .
Kenya thinks she can take anybody's man yet she still don't have one . RHOAReunion
Follow Ballislife + KalaniBallFree Instagram @ball_i_s_life ( tag . someone . their . ankle . broken )
- Add Me On Snapchat : Jazzj 5299
- This French Onion Dip Bussin . ! ! !
- Yall Crazy The NBA Rigged ...
- That Half Of Galloon Of Water Finally Got Me . Ima Be In The Bathroom Till It's Time To Go To Work .
- @RASHEEDA & amp ; & amp ; Kirk The Realest Couple On Love & amp ; & amp ; Hip Hop .
If Todd didn't care about money , he would sign the prenup . KandisWedding He Can't Go Out Broke Though .
- Rock Out Woop . ! ! !
I Got The Orange Hair . ! ! !
Be Speaking The Truth . You Know She Real Jst From Her Tweets .
I didn't know it was you though . ! ! !
- Don't Listen To What Ppl Say They Don't Know Abt You & amp ; & amp ; Me .
- Business Trip This Weekend .
"" @SpaldingWifey : is a hypocrite Everyone Is . ""
Cheating Takes Too Much Time & amp ; Effort I'm To Lazy To Erase Messages & amp ; Shit
"" @FatMack_Alex : Dark skin Aunt Viv was trill "" WORD .
- But I Love The Negativity Bc Proving People Wrong Gives Me So Much Joy .
- Er Body Relationship Ain't The Same !
- People Wouldn't Believe The Things I Experience Every Single Day .
VIDEO : Ayesha and Sydel Curry toss away their Cavs t-shirts .
- I Enjoy Taking My Man Out On Dates & amp ; & amp ; Paying For Dinner .
- I Just Can't Stop Thinking About Him ! Why MJ ? He Didn't Bother Nobody . Really His Life Had To Be Taken ? RestInParadiseMJ
- It's Really Grind Time .
I coughed at work and suddenly three people ask me if I have the swine flu . Oh media inspired hysteria !
It's Sunday . I wish Sunday lasted longer . I could use another day off .
Discovered a penguin shaped silly band . I think it's love ...
I have some odd picks in my bracket . Maybe it'll pay off
Since Texas is out , the Eastern Conference , Providence or Syracuse ( assuming no miracle come back ) will have home ice in Calder Cup finals !
Sweet Caroline is like a must at the hockey game , like it or love it , it's true .
lol ... thanks ... I saw my hubby for the first time in a month today ... I was a bit busy :-)
lol ... nah ... it came on Justin's iPod on the way from TN to CT ... apparently some guys played it a lot last deployment
do I just go onto Netflix and search for 123 Pelham and start watching when everyone else does ... or is the other movie first ?
I couldn't do it with three babies , but I'm pretty sure I'll survive this deployment ... I hope so anyways
I used to stay up all night ... lol ... I've got a lot on my mind
I hadn't ever done it either ... the meds knocked me out the first few days
i didnt deal with deployment well at first ... i'm doing much better ... how are you ?
lol .. i don't know if success is the word , but i'v done so much random stuff in the last three days with little sleep .. lol
I actually arrived at 3 am , but the Internet was down .... plus my husband is here with me now . [pic] :
Ugh ... I hate this condition which I've self-named "" Deployment Brain . "" Can't sleep ... appetite sucks .. constant worry ... self-doubt ...
Cuddling May Be Key to Long-Term Happy Relationship - Sexual Health Center - Everyday Health C ...
Waiting for a table . Woot ! ! ! ( @ Applebee's w / 4 others )
Woot ! Finally made it to my fave store ! ! ! ! ( @ Macy's ) [pic] :
I am irritated ... that is all ...
Getting our fried pickles and our pizza , which we fully plan on combining ... lol ( @ Mystic Pizza )
Hey "" gun appreciators "" : Do ordinary citizens carrying firearms stop mass shootings ? Actually , no .
oh , yeah ... lol .. , I've been deleting a few spam bots as needed . How are you ?
Daily fuel stop ! ! ( @ Frogeez Frozen Yogurt )
they choose to and there could be punishment , more than likely a fine . Read a whole convo before being a dumbass .
THIS ! I will never understand tweeting gory photos and videos during tragedies . It's totally uncalled for
Beautiful . Here's a link to the "" Boston Strong "" video played by the before tonight's game : htt ...
ASSHOLE RT @HuffPostPol : Radio host : Sandy Hook families can "" go to hell "" for infringing on gun rights
Sailors and underwater Robots ... See them both at :
They wanted to walk away and thought they could get away with it . There was no organized plan to run . This resembles OKC more than 9/11 .
It takes 20 years to build a reputation & amp ; 5 minutes to ruin itthink about that , youll do things differently W . Buf
I unlocked the TV Guide Magazine : What's Worth Watching sticker on GetGlue !
Apparently two years ago today , I cooked dinner for Justin . That might be the last time it happened ... lol ... n ...
I just hit big on BingoBash Fortune Wheel
We only went through nine minutes of Maryland .... lol
This is awful ! Sleeping on the couch should be the least of his worries .
It's impossible to predict anything in the music industry . UltimateSeminar
I added a video to a playlist Google Chrome app review
Hey guys , come over to my channel I am having a giveaway . I am giving away bet ( @YouTube
Oh that sucks , you should join your grandma and fly to San Francisco
Not even close to creeping lol but yeah I found it through Facebook .
Check out the latest episode .
This is way better than Justin's version
Taking the SAT in October . Gotta get a good score so I don't have to take it again . onetakeisallido
Keep at it and one day you will be on the top ( @YouTube
I'm now ranked Dedicated ( top 40 % ) in Battlefield 4 on Raptr !
I added a video to a playlist Loadout | Road To Max Level | Episode 8
Friday Night Softball ... Cant Wait !
life my brotha ... No matter what we battle we are breathing and that's grand .
are you hearing Jeff wanting Vjax , Garcion , etc ?
here comes Battle ! Wtf ... Mathews is a bust and a Graham Cracker !
why ? So much talent in this draft at QB .
FB ... I am working with Chris as I have isolated the issue to fb login
Finally on lunch . Needed this break . Ugh
Just drove 20 minutes home from work , and my air conditioner did not cool my car down until I pulled into my driveway . I am miserable . :(
both . Both is good . * nods * . Switch between them depending on the situation and surrounding people . :)
thank you . You might , but it's still true . I've pushed people away because of being a Debbie downer all the time . :/
I say all of this about Luke Hemmings , but I am still most in love with Michael ? I need to stop thinking ' baby babes ' are this cute . I am 24
Sucks when you think things are great with someone and then all of a sudden they flake out and block you ? What happened ? !
Alrighty , then ! Yay ! As soon as I get home tomorrow I will order them . :) :)
I've been going frantic trying to figure out where the money from my last paycheck was ... Yeah , I never cashed it . Just found it . -_-
Fuck yes . It's literally my new shit . I love them so much .
I'm literally such a shit person , that I can't even keep my promises to myself ...
my turn to pick a movie on Netflix . instantly turns on camp rock
idc who the boys date tbh but if you're going to prevent me from meeting them then we have a fucking problem
Driving to sheetz for a slushie . That's my night . -_-
College is cool bc if u relax for 5 seconds then all of a sudden ur failing 11 classes even tho ur only taking 5
serial killer documentaries & amp ; chill ?
I am glad to know how her life has turned out . And I am excited to maybe build a relationship with her . I wanna cry .
Alright babe , if you want this all to happen , you need to answer me back .
I was hoping to see her at my show . I woulda easily beat a bitch .
Woke up to a calender alert this morning that I forgot I set when we were still talking . He left today for Basic . Hmm . Thanks phone ...
they say your style should reflect your personality
Everyone's nudes are FIRE tbh .
I don't know what's wrong with me , tbh
hell is where i dreamt of u and woke up alone 4/20
I am also dying my hair today . :)
are boys worth it ? the answer is no
I just had some guy call me "" good girl "" and it made me feel some kinda way .
I just wanna take a nap but they keep arguing and fighting so loudly it's annoyingly keeping me awake . Ugh . I wish he would just leave .
Plus Size community is really full of overrated not fat white women with loud mouths and flat stomachs an a lil meat on
Glad I'm not dying ...
Really bummed that I have to work on Mabon . Oh well , I will nail Samhain tho !
I'm both mentally and physically ill right now , and chronic illness is causing most of it , so I will be back to normal soon .
yup the hamster is definitely dead ..... damn
Quiz : What html color are you ? I am 40E0D0 turquoise
probably later in the coverage bigger ratings draw . Your just mad no bikinis lol
Time means a lot to me because you see I am also a learner and am often lost in the joy of forever developing . - ...
Really wish co-workers wouldn't get Cafe Rio the smell make me wanna hurl ! ! But whatcanyado
Our first teacher is our own heart . ~ Native American Proverb , Cheyenne [ 18114 ] proverbs sayings quotes
job hunting can suck but it's much worse to be stuck in a job you hate best of luck to you
In age , talk ; in childhood , tears . ~ Native American Proverb , Hopi [ 17353 ] proverbs sayings quotes
Boy does it sting ! As a Capricorn your greatest challenge is coping with disappointment .
Attention Whore ! ! ! ! ! ! Who the fuck cares about the five pounds you want to lose ! ! ! !
Ok one more soapbox momemt ..... I am sure those people who are saying they don't judge aren't going home and venting . They aren't
do you know people like this ? Because I sure do !
A beer at the game not bad for a monday night !
I can't wait for the season to start so I can hang K cards up in right field for FelixHernandez FaceOfM
ROOTQ 1 Almonte lead off single :-) I hope
Hoping for some answers today
The Night Court is now in session . for a chance to win this limited edition T-shirt . FelixHernandez FaceOfMLB
We need to start a campaign to get MarkLowe on the All star team
.. trying to win this times 1250 ! money has changed so much , huh ? EsuranceSweepstakes
The Lesson From Charter Schools education CharterSchools Schools Teachers
An alternate version of my comic about 2016
I just signed up for the Perdue Crew . Click to learn more ! promotion -
I just unlocked the "" Fresh Brew "" badge on for checking in at coffee shops !
has Dr . Greene been cast in the 50 Shades movie ?
if i had a car right now ... it would be a deal .
unfortunately I do .. ill be there 930-630
2:00 .. blah ... miss day shifts ... thinking bout switching departments .
It's OFFICIALLY a BettieVember on iTunes ! ! ! Buy T . G . F . C . now ! ! ! ! !
Ok soooo there is a lady named CHANADOLL .. pronounced china doll ... whoa ! ! !
congrats on such a huge feat ! Your body is probably thanking you in so many ways ! ! !
"" So you wanna marry me huh ? "" Jim Jones ! ! bwahahaha how sincere ! ! But at least he did it ! ! !
F . O . E - - - - - family over everything ! Family don't always mean blood either !
Love seeing that "" Arrington "" such a great last name ! !
You folks with negative comments about Whitney Houston dying .. remember there is only 1 judge & your day will come when HE decides your fate !
I swear I wasn't a big fan of TI .. but watchin FamilyHustle has made me adore him . Contrary to what media has portrayed .. he's a good dude .
Nothing worse than a man that acts cattier than a woman ! Come on dude .. turn up the testosterone !
ugh Amari woke up for a bottle and went back to sleep but i can't fall back to sleep ! great !
AintNoWayAroundIt .... ain't no way around .... ain't no way around it ! ! A Romney gonna be a liar ! !
Willow Smith is 11 and has a tongue ring , half her head shaved , and is bisexual . She needs to go live with her Aunty ...
I'm just now seeing this tweet from Oct 6 . I'm cool - - taking care of my lil dude and working . How are you ?
This snow storm is God's way of saying REST . Ppl so busy in life missing out on family so it has now been forced upon us . Amen familytime
Get the skinny on glamping and Skinny Cow's Girls Gone Glamping Sweepstakes : glamcrowd
Carmon so dramatic ! Boo Boo there are many people looking to be in your role ... QUIT and make room ! Kandi
So the point of pulling the press patch off dude chest ? Some cops aint shit .. use their power for their own pleasure ! Ferguson
Had no clue went off the air ! Sheesh I'm getting old ! Now its supposed to be digital only ... weird !
Baltimore isn't the first and more than likely won't be the last unfortunately ... sad
just poured all kinds of tea , coffee , juice , vodka , etc . ShadyBoots 50Cent WWHL She said he "" sweet "" ... LoveHer
$ 10 billion raised for Syria SupportSyria -
The people of Fiji are in our thoughts . TCWinston ShareHumanity -
wicked wicked wicked Ratchet wicked wicked betawards 16 dabs
Thank you lord for ! BlackLivesMatter HipHopAwards
Popular Black Mom quotes ... "" You don't see me on this damn phone ? "" NewEditionBET
Fire up the grill , its time to make Fun Mini Burgers ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
Put down those beef tacos and try these Grilled Tacos & amp ; Spicy Mango Salsa Promotion PerdueCrew -
Roasted chicken has never been easier to make with this step-by-step guide Promotion PerdueCrew -
Heads up kiddoes .. @AStateMB & amp ; will play Little Rock again this year on Saturday's .... Howl Yes ! !
meter returns , but will be dry for awhile .. still a slight chance for
hot day .. muggy meter & amp ; heat index are working overtime .. be careful
coming up next on .
a day too early for Throwback Thursday ..... in honor of Benny McGinnis .. former Indian , Hurricane .. #opentheroof .
here's your Throwback on this Throwback Thursday .. . 11-1 p today
Burton Gilliam from Blazing Saddles ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
It's Sunday .. it could only mean one thing EAT FREE ! ! .. ALL DAY .. just tell em .
should move out by noon , cooler & amp ; drier weather sets in for the week .
. @RWRCRadio ... indoor again today
We will be talking Vs SMU , will be joined by at 12:05 , & amp ; MORE on today LIVE fro
your daily ASU practice report brought to you by NEA Mattress & amp ; Furniture ... Why pay more ? .. tell em that .
$ 2 beef tacos all day show will require application of some ointment .. fun starts at 11 .
and tell em that . sent ya .......
Monday ... today's "" What's for Lunch / Dinner ? "" sponsor on . KIDS EAT
2fer Tuesday .. $ 2 beef tacos , all day long tell em . sent you ... we're
. talk about this today and BOOM ... here they are ....
Current Score : ACU 46 , ASU 59 - 09:49 ( PRD 2 ) - - view stats :
we always got you covered .. there's a reason they call us the Worldwide Leader in Sports ... . @RWRCRadio
one with developing pustules or papules and patches of escutcheon .. you're still in a adolescent stage ... your opinio
HotTopic ' s matchup with Middle Tennessee in the is _____ ? FillinTheBlank
So , you don't like ... So , me you can bite ... it's a 2-4 Tuesday .... $ 2 beef tacos all day at show to
Lot of good reviews on Paranorman . Might have to check it out after Premium Rush with who only gets better in each film
Time for a Heat check - Miami is now just ONE win away from a return to the Finals - > Time for LeBron
when do Series 2 Base cards come out ?
Even the idea of ejaculating a tornado freaks me out a little bit
If you've always wanted a shirt with my face on it , here you go ! doubles as a Prince , Phil Lynott , John Oates shirt :
Holy shit , how did I not recognize Michael Jai White in this movie before ? Black Dynamite is fighting Toxie !
9 chapters earlier in Leviticus , shellfish are on the list of Biblical abominations . So FYI , Lobsterfest is ranked high
Well , that was fun while it lasted . WiiU
I don't know why I get excited when I hear my phone go off . It's hardly ever anything that'll make me feel better .
we met in the fog . as u walked past me i saw ur smile . u said "" i love the way the water feels on my skin . "" "" me too "" i said . m
Tearing shit up in Electronic Super Joy .
"" All ads lie . All ads deceive . [ Commercial Break ] "" - South Park , I love you .
Somewhere , a Sony executive is stroking a rage boner because they didn't think of this first .
Today is a fun project kind of day .
if dogs could make signs
Sonic Utopia is a fan made , open world Sonic the Hedgehog demo you can play right now
play games that aren't broken .
Retweet for a chance to win a SuperMarioRun drawing signed by Mr . Miyamoto ! NintendoSweepstakes
Mark Feldstein singing bird clock just backed out of performing at Trump's inauguration . sad
This shirt has me written all over it .
Religious ? Might as well just say "" Christian "" until you symbolize more than one religion .
the 3 standalone wolverine films represent the three major existential wories of life : 1 . where u came from 2 . japan 3 . who u
My monthly doctor appointment , grocery trip , and subsequent loading & amp ; unloading the car in the rain have used up all my spoons for the day .
Ugh ... I had a hole surgically plugged in my head a few days ago and now it's throbbing from the inside . Such a weird and painful feeling .
Comey : He's guilty Democrats : He's guilty Trump : I'm guilty Republicans : We may never get to the bottom of this
You can now add the follow up to Retro City Rampage , ' Shakedown : Hawaii ' to your Steam Wishlist ! htt
The fact that no one's haunted by ghost of black people who WEREN'T slaves is a pretty good indication that ghosts aren't re
See ? Nobody cares about the Nazis , Skinheads or White Supremacists . ThatsTheJoke
U . S . Acres . Thats Right . No Garfield . Just U . S . Acres and Youll Like it . Garfield is Too Pure for You Chittering Numptie
a . tweet . for . everything .
And the Unfortunate Naming Award goes to ...
when you don't know how email works
LyricsThatMeanAlotToMe so I went out and bought roses , she complained about the thorns . I caught her smiling , and that's what I do it for
Chemistry jokes are sodium funny .
I feel you on a spiritual level
My high score on flappy bird is 76 ooo killem
I should get paid for how much I talk about Dunkin Donuts
Go to my myspace and check out the song I did with Hotpa ! myspace.com / itsyukie ! =)
ICU is still on iTunes ! Waiting to be purchased by you ! =)
Stop tweeting and post up the pics .
The only thing I don't like about online shopping is waiting for my goodies to come home ! :P
Does anyone play WOW ! ?
What ? I missed Hapa day ! ? Are we supposed to get presents ?
Check out Battle Grounds at DailyLook via
Aww facebook is so cute . Like a toddler who tried to speak and walk at the same time , then fell down the stairs .
mine has been missing all day too . Hrm . Maybe it was a secret meeting and they are plotting global domination .
Oldest called from the living room to tell me her brother was asleep ! Just walk the 10 feet next time . preteen drama
Did they ? Some of them admitted they supported whoever this JB is .
Just like you all claim , I'm sure there are those who don't want to be attacked . It's not Shay though . Nice try .
Nevermind , it's under reporting now
She even admits she was gifted it ' by a friend ' on her blog !
Amazing A4cwsn As usual ... awesome things happening , all thanks to
I'm giving away AMAZING jewelry from Enter here : ( Open worldwide )
Going to the NF specialist with Little on Wednesday . nervous It's been over a year since he's been to one . somanyquestions
31 Days of Awareness : Apraxia Awareness 31DaysofAwareness
People are blaming guns . Others blaming mental health issues . Why ? People aren't allowed to be fucking assholes anymore ? NoExcuses Newtown
OMG , YAY ! ! ! avengers oscars
On page 149 of 320 of The Titan's Curse , by Rick Riordan
> > > > > < < < < < well yu shud be well fed
i make her say .....
> > > < < < wtf yu need a fragrance for .... ya beauty is a weapon by itself lol
niggas go half on dope .... nigga go half on a vehicle LMFAO
im da illest nigga i kno lol
and unfollowed me [ checked by ]
saturday morning cartoons just aint the same any more
> > > < < < why what on earth do yu mean ? ?
real girls aint never perfect , perfect girls aint never real
im not lying , yu just dont believe me
The circle occasionally has visitors
so yu believe me this time ? ? lol
You wasn't supposed to lose it
Think I made a wrong turn back there some where .
Pulp Fiction never gets old .
one person unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
"" Put your relationship w / God first and everything will fall into place "" - Tatyana Ali
Ah , cant watch this game anymore ! ! piratessuck
Making cookies with my bff domesticatedbitch
Let me just talk about how excited i am for march officiallydisneybound stoked
LADIES AND GENTZ HERE IS BOOMERANG
It's only Tuesday .. but I'm ready for the weekend already boyfriend bestfriends
One downside to summer .... shaving my legs more than once a month . wasteoftime lazyyy
It's amazing that despite our imperfections .. Jesus still loves us and through His Grace we are brand new .
Sorry drake but NO . Just stop . You'll always be jimmy in a wheelchair .
3 years married to my high school sweetheart anniversary
as long as I don't work ill do it ! Um sure will too
"" @UberFacts : A 2012 study in Eastern Germany was unable to find a single person under the age of 28 who believed in God . "" that's sad ..
I Really can't even wait for the baseball game ! . If only I could find someone to go . that be cool piratesvsphillies pirates
I just want to lay down and cuddle . I miss my babies .
PREVIOUSLY ON BIIIIIIIIIIG BROTHER : James and Meg were adorable , John and Steve were relatable , and everyone else was insuf
Like I'm honestly confused . Do they get paid if he wins or something cuz that's how they're acting
Lets Go Cards ! ! ! ! 12in12
That will truly be when the apocalypse would happen !
Free Big Mac ! ! ! !
Let's go Blues ! ! ! ! stlblues
NHL 15Oshie He will win !
Can you score a goal with a broken stick now ?
Vladi ! ! ! ! ! takethatcrawford WeAllBleedBlue
Looks like there was a mass exodus from American Airlines Center NHL 17Tarasenko
Tim Woodburn & amp ; are joined by Federko , Plager & amp ; more for This Week in Hockey , pres . by WATCH :
96 more followers and little Panger gets a new home ! ! ! SHARE OUR TWITTER !
Hi everybody ! Back to the original handle . Is this thing still on ? Michelle and I are off on a quick vacation , then well
Shit , that was intense ! ! ! ! Schwartzy ! ! ! ! stlblues
This kid is so lucky ( he finds them all the time ) - he better use the power for a Stanley Cup !
The reaction from the stlblues bench after Edmundson scores the game-winner .
We don't anticipate using our sirens tonight , but we hope the use theirs frequently . WeAllBleedBlue
Took the boys to get ice cream and came back to see the Pens scored 3 ! Hahaha nashvillesucks
Finally in the air ! Florida Bound ! ! ! onelasthurrahbeforeschool familyvaca 2017
Schwartzy with the shorty ! ! ! ! ! ! ! stlblues maytheschwartzbewithyou
Winner winner ! ! ! ! Best opening night ! ! ! ! AllTogetherNowSTL stlblues
Schwartzy ! ! ! ! ! AllTogetherNowSTL dudeisonfiah
Game day ! ! ! Shake of yesterday boys and get us a winner tonight ! ! ! ! AllTogetherNowSTL stlblues
Everyone gets a goal today ! Jaskin ! ! ! ! AllTogetherNowSTL
Crickey .... I go drinking on one Moms Night Out and while Im gone , Blues twitter feed re : Steener blows up ......
What's up Twits ? Holla at me on this rainy day in Georgia .
come get ya copy of Platinum Love , the ultimate love story , at MarvlousPresents.com now !
This Sun . I'm Club Inferno in ATL signing my books from 7 - closing . ( We sellin books over here . What yall doin ? ) ~ MarvlousPresents.com
iwannaknowwhy y'all not up on my books yet . They so hot they burning ppl's hands .
Lack of sleep and pressure make me a more determined person . See y'all on top .
lol ... retro . Some dudes like it . Not me but some dudes .
10 to 7 , N . O . winning .
lol ... they just slept on a hungry team . The win was in the bag . Tey just ain't bring the bag wit them
Some ppl just don't understand what gettin the shit slapped outta you is . SMDH !
Everybody mad at James Harrison's comments towards team and R . Giddell . SMH , what ever happened to freedom of speech ?
Download your copy of MyHouse by MarvlousHarrison right now for only . 99 ! Exclusively @ www.smashwords.com / books / view / 4913 plz
yo these white chicks in this gym is niiice . Wifey better get on her game . Truestory lml
Book Sale : By Any Means and The Coalition , $ 10 ( free S & H if you order both ) . My House and Platinum Love $ 8 ( free S & H if you order both ) .
lol ... I wish I could blame it on the holidays but I was fucked up before they got here .
I'm on my grind , trying to be global like
Death Of The Coalition , a real Bronx story , available right now
congrats ! ! ! I was wondering when you was gonna hAve one . Lml
These two do this to my tv room every damn morning . SMH ...
Im on my grind this morning ... EROTICISMATITSFINEST by MArvlousHarrison . Get yours
Bera vs Shogun . Classic shoot five .
Platinum Love . Get yours Paperback or ebook ( in all formats ! ) . Plz rt .
I would love to give you one of my ebooks to read for free . Is it ok if I DM the link to you ?
Cold days ? Lonely nites ? I got just the answer for that . Eroticism At Its Finest . get it at
You on the train with nothing to read ? You playin ya self ! Holla at me mrsmarvlous
Plan was 2 keep out the house for d day but had to come back cuz I got hungry . Smh ... oh well , office it is then .
Im not a rapper but Im in the booth banging out a story . WatchMyWordsWork
Been up since 5 . Got mad stuff to do us I wana get some work done . Writers putti up numbers got be feelin like a slacker . Lol
My son been up since 6am . No school . No nap . No nothing . Now that its bed time he wilds out talkin bout he not sleep . SMH . 5yr olds .
So deep in thought mother earth feels my mood . And yes my shirt glows . Lol
thanks for the follow !
At fridays with the boys . HellaGoodTimes
Im gonna be a terrible wife one day . I cant even make popcorn without burning it
Thank godsh thats over relieved
I have to go to the doctor ... alone . needmymom stillababy
Obsessed with my new shoes and they're sneakers whowouldathought nike
Every time Obama is right , a unicorn is born .
really ? ! Then I don't know what it is haha
Get our nails did !
I hate when netflix is slow
Too many people have accepted the normality of mass slaughter as a necessary sacrifice to an amendment written when guns
Todays been a not dealing with ur bullshit kinda day .... oh wait thats everyday .
all because I said no to bingo night
This is how I keep tour entertaining , so freaking cute ! Thanks for a great night Orlando , see you on Wednesday DENVER !
Im coming ! Ill see you there ! I cant wait to see it
the anatomy of darkiplier damien : the part that lashes out celine : the part that brings him back BITCH IM SHOOK & amp ; MY
Aw , look at young markiplier ! He's so adorable !
If you dont wear the green plunge for Fallon , youre dead to me sweetie ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
ps i still have all your selfies with the book saved to my phone from the BingeBook hashtag ? ! I CANT BRING MYSELF TO DEL
nothing but respect for MY ... self
When he actually is going to be there for 2hrs . But then again , if you left at 9:30 , ma
i'd like to audition for the role of mitchell grassi
Im very confused as to how that last tweet turned out that way ...
My grades aren't that bad for someone who has the urge to drop out of school every 25 minutes
hi LA i'm back ! ! ! ! ! !
Thanks so much for including us in this year's OUT 100 !
All these big elite celebrities are being accused of sexual misconduct ! What is Hollywood going to do ? ? Um , hopefully give
Its only acceptable to victim blame a person for what they wear if they wear red and khaki to Target and people think they w
Finally got to meet my niece ! !
It is done ! ! What a phenomenal game !
I almost got one of the Squirrels to eat straight from my hand ! ! Dreams are becoming reality !
Michael Flynn cuts ties with Trumps lawyers and may be ready to make a deal
Opposite sex best friends are quite possibly the best relationship ya can have to be honest
i cant believe theres only 1 month left in 2017 ... time flies when your life is falling apart
Firefighters have been working non-stop to fight the fires going on right now in the LA county and I couldnt be more tha
Keaton , will youve my guest at the Premiere of InfinityWar too ? I think you are about one of the coolest kids I have eve
if youre scared about tomorrow just remember : - absolutely no one , no matter what party , wants no net neutrality . there w
One thing that particularly amuses me during the holidays is all the awkward ways songs try to maneuver around the word gay .
Please sign n this man doesnt belong anywhere near animals animalabuse
Please sign n this man doesnt belong anywhere near animals animalabuse
Please sign n this man doesnt belong anywhere near animals animalabuse
Net operating cash flow has decreased to $ 136.43 million or 23.60 % when compared to the same quarter last year OpSeaWorld $
Please sign n this man doesnt belong anywhere near animals animalabuse
Please sign n this man doesnt belong anywhere near animals animalabuse cruelty
PLS S & amp ; S | Release Blackfish Lolita and bring her home to Wa . State . FreeLolita
These are the faces of Neanderthals that just slit the throats of poor pilot whales . FaroeIslands
Op Ed : IMATA Conference Raises Eyebrows DolphinProject Tweet 4Dolphins Blackfish v
Killing juveniles and unborn babies is not sustainable and morally unacceptable ! FaroeIslands
Chicago's next big thing thegivingtreeband glow
Next big thing out of Chicago-Yorkville based thegivingtreeband glow
My morning wake up crew ! mastiff mastiffgram mastiffsofinstagram englishmastiff pitbull
Our affect real change-we must enact statutory laws & amp ; leave out emotions
These two crack me up ! I think when Zeus cleans Charlie's jowls , it tickles him and that's why
how can a candidate win a state when only 10 % of the vote is in ! StrongerTogether ImWithHer iVoted
Trump's "" anti-establishment "" cabinet of millionaires and billionaires is worth more than 1/3 of U . S . households combined . h
Heart-wrenching video of rescuers working to save the 95 False Killer Whales that stranded in Southwestern Florida . Blackfi
With 44 % of all US fruit / veg imports from Mexico , it will indeed be fruitless
Teepees and other structures going up at new NoDAPL encampment started by Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe ( @Officialcrst1 ) on res
Personal Humpback photograph taken approximately 75 N of Domincan Republic , on the SilverBank Sundancer 2 March 2016
The Most Shocking Moments From SurvivorGameChangers :
If I could afford it , in a heartbeat . But since I can't I will tell , tweet , post , share , write , ed
How very sad . He will be missed , those will be big shoes to fill .
BREAKING : SeaWorld Tanks in 2Q and 1st Half 2017 Results DolphinProject Tweet 4Dolphins take the pledge now
Thank you Criminal Investigation by Dept of Justice is a Big Can of worms for SeaWorld
RED COVE : Between 40-50 Pilot Whales were slaughtered today in the fjord of Srvgsfjrur on the island Vgoy in the Faroe
please consider helping if u can n I want to thank all that have helped but I'm still not there
please consider helping if u can n I want to thank all that have helped but I'm still not there
please share as the hospital bills r mounting n we r not sure when I'll be home again every $ helps
Taiji : While nearby dolphins are put through the training routine and rewarded with dead fish , these dolphins await th
I travel with my bamboo sheets . I can't sleep on anything else .
Fire ? Anybody know what's going on ?
So long Dallas ... till next time .
for Vegas ... What the world needs now is LOVE sweet LOVE !
If only that were always Sunday Funday .. I'm down . The best people always make it worth it ! !
This is a cool song way to go to skrillex :)
My new sounds : Lose Your Mind on SoundCloud
Daily Vlog number 16 : via
To the members of Isis you wont win you wont hide you will be banished to the gates of hell you will be sortched and get your heads chop off
I believe Obama bathroom law is a distraction for the Hillary email server where some emails vanished in the air
Next time youre at the market , grab some of these winter vegetables ! LuvoContest -
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Silver earrings E013 2016 New supplies Silver plated ea
to make this happen ... Obama is such a bro
I liked a video Content Cop - Jake Paul
"" If you think you're always right , you're wrong . Learn to be open-minded & amp ; realize life's beliefs & amp ; opinions ...
u are one of the best wrestlers I know and a great dad I like u alot can I get a retweet please
I really like u alot u are such a great chef and a nice guy
would u please follow me
I know I can cook but I guess i dont post many pics on any sites its not always a good thing
thats not good I hope u get some sleep
WHAT KINDA CHALLENGE IS THIS ? ? ? LIKE I SAID EARLIER THESE HOES OUTTA CONTROL
Am I the only one who thinks the music on empire is trash
. @LanaDelRey this is why I fuck with you
Beyonce really got to stop wearing that ponytail
This so lit i wouldve killed to be on that stage especially when they danced to Lay Up
no like when Elmer Fudd says "" wabbits ""
I would like to thank not only God but also Jesus
I do talk like that in person . I'm not ashamed . But when I'm writing papers for school that's when I become the grammar Nazi
Had Chick fil a today for the first time . It was cool but y'all need to stop hyping shit up
What the signs say when they are broken ...
My edges were laid by the gods this morning .
Ohh he was fine af lmaoo that's still weird though
This is why I couldn't do fame
Game . Day . Patriots NEvsAZ
A Burger Right Now Would Be Perfect
Skai Jackson better talk to azealia banks before I do cause I'ma hurt her feelings
Level of being extra : victoria beckham at the dmv
Andre thinks he can actually get to & amp ; kill Lucious ? ! Empire
Wait on what ? ?
What a day ... I almost hit a crazy cat lady on my way home from work ! lacestyle_grace
do you think he'll be back to who he was before he got hurt in camp this year ?
yall were funny man , can't wait to see Dave's next .
Look at the defense he's facing . It ain't no easy task with preparation .
A Harlem high school teacher filmed her student learning she was accepted to PrincetonU . Enjoy :
iPads help students with special needs meet their full potential > > autism awareness
Q & amp ; A : Kenner Lecture speaker Bill Bradley talks activism and political culture
Powerful selfie between North Korean and South Korean gymnasts at the Rio Olympics .
When The Police and U2 rocked out in Gateshead on this day 35 years ago
Ya s que ya estoy viejito porque los memes de Jos y de pakekieresabereso se me hicieron mega pendejsimos
Fotografa y Prueba de Men de Jack's Chili Hot Dogs Por : goodnight
Paola necesito que me prepares esto en la cena .
nimo apenas es martes !
TheWalkingDead a Carol ya se le fueron las cabras ...
yo slo necesito que vengan a Puebla .
HoyToca Cuando digo que voy a tomar es porqu voy a tomar y tal vez deberan atarme porque soy un peligro
A Alana se le cay el moo en el pastel o dnde lo dej hoy ? MasterChefMx
No tienes banda ? ? ? TresPalabrasQueMeAlteran
Ojal fueras comunista para que me oprimas las masas ... PiroposDeUnaGuarra
Las nuevas monedas de 20 y 50 centavos me hacen sentir ms pobre que antes ...
S , si todos sonreimos iluminaremos los das grises FelizMartes
No hagan mas hijos ! . AD0PTEN ! . FelizLunes
Puebla ! Un Jack pendiente !
Ya todas las nias se llaman "" Ma , Valentina y Zoe ""
NoEsBuenSexoSi no hay un toque de maldad ...
AyMijitoTuQueEstudiaste odontologia trale los dientes de un chingadazo al igualado de tu hermano !
SiAlgoMeUrgeEs un limpiaparabrisas ! Dnde estn cuando se les necesita ! !
En el las personas nos dividimos en a cul grupo perteneces ? FelizFinde BuenViernes
4 tatuajes . 0 perforaciones me dan mucho asco .
Me urge tener una hija para inscribirla en DanceMoms y poder ir a pelearme con todas esas seoras .
La borrachera de Beni ! #CosasInsoportables
Si yo fuera una deidad , sera la diosa de la imprudencia !
Bsicamente en mi casa intentamos mantener todo limpio para que las seoras de la limpieza no nos vuelvan a amenazar con irse .
Bye a Cabify ! Ahora ponte las pilas con un botn de pnico !
La mala : hoy tuve un mal da . La buena : estoy bien buena ! EstaNocheSiMeEchaba
Ese pastel est envenenado ! !
Mi nueva cuota para poder comer una hamburguesa es hacer 500 sentadillas . LaFuerzaDelCambio
why are you tweeting in MY name - I have reported this to twitter
Friedrich Nietzsche has a twitter account ? I'll have to follow him so I can finally learn to spell his dam name !
we need to bring our troops home to guard AMERICAN schools , not foreign ones American children first .
R . I . P . Gerry Anderson . Thunderbirds are Go !
Come to Buffalo , NY - don't let our snow scare you .
here are the court documents that prove that Joan Wheeler is aliar
adoptee my cousin and I at brunch - but - but Joan Wheeler says cousins avoid Ruth
so where's my reward ? - just joking - I have seen more blessings in my life lately .
well hell , of course I WORK - then I spend . probably more than I should - but Zak is worth it . - at least I pay my bills first .
A Temper Tantrum by Joan Wheeler via
Equal Rights for All : It's Finally Time for Adopted People , Too via
gee Kev - you're even better the most interesting man in the world ! stay thirsty my friend !
she said 3 yrs ago - on SSD disability - now she's saying she's a social worker ? ? ? ? ?
lol - but then they debunked them as being imposters !
Bobby Thurston - Is Something Wrong With You : via - remind you of someone ? roflmao !
and thank god city residents finally have a beach to swim in .
I write like Arthur Conan Doyle . Proof :
uh-oh . I'll make sure you won't have to . lol
hon - I know you think I'm making trouble - I'm not - you have to read my last blog post - you were duped .
Happy Birthday J . R . R . Tolkien
. @jforbiddenfamily I might as well admit it - I caused the busted pipe by Joan Wheeler's house + blew up her website .
who's been calling my job since 1995 with false accusations trying to get me fired ? YOU have Joan .
SO ? That doesn't give you the right to demand anything of this beautiful family .
learn the truth about - you want to help her ? teach her to respect HER DEAD MOTHER not USE HER TO SLAM ME .
Something old , something new .... more contradictions from adoptee JoanWheeler .
' Tis the Season for Ho-Ho-Ho'ing ! ( it's not always about you Joan Wheeler ) via fl
JoanMWheeler forbiddenfamily dupedbyadoption lacks the skills / techniques of proper Pedagogy ( science or art
oh WHINE some more ya big ass baby
> whine < somebody got my birthplace wrong ! ! ! !
I have a couple of words use about them - - Beavis and Butthead !
I'm so sorry . I had to put down my 17 year old cat Pippin a few years ago . it was so hard to say goodbye .
So sassy Chrissy .. I just wanna make out with Jill in the rain .. partypooper
we are nerds . wanna keep tweeting at eachother while we sit in the same room ..
I just need some fine tuning on my voice but I've got the raw talent
oh because he's playing right next to my school the second !
wish my friends would come to the library to play .
come save me .. and by save me I mean come play
Me and jill just want food . Where amadouche and finna at ?
gotta get ready for Madison !
"" always ... and forever . "" GETS ME EVERY TIME .
I'm not even sleeping there haha . I'M HOME WITH JACKIE SO SUCK IT .
hilary duff jokes are so yesterday
Missing the Sparks today extra amounts . Have a great time tonight ladies . You know what to do
Just throwing out that Crabtree is sexy .
hahaha it's getting a little aggressive ! Can't wait to see you !
for five little girls we ate a lot of that gallon of ice cream
I miss you too !
14 year olds these days getting pregnant When I was 14 I went to Italy , met a pop star , and performed at International Music
so that when I get out of bed for buckethead you'll be the first one I'll see .. Probably with alcohol in your hand
C O G S cogs are the best , right ?
It's delta why theta at this point folks
Everyone go to this page and vote for Central Magnet . The money goes to the school ! Vote as many times as possible !
Yes , and if you wanna talk about awful comebacks , we could refer to you making Megan cry .
Plus , I love Idena Menzel soo ... :)
I've noticed that I keep getting reminded daily that this school year ends in 3 months ... That's so strange .
No offense or anything . I'm just ready to hide away in my freezer eating ice cream . Or being in the sun . That's cool too .
I was chosen by to post my favorite verse . And I ask and to do it as well !
"" You can't sit with us . "" Unless you ask nicely
I love you Claudia thank you pretty girl
I feel like if you actually poured coke on a computer , you'd just get more hate mail .
haha it has to do with the brightness of the picture and how you're looking at the dress
Back to the inside , children . Enjoy your 3rd period off .
I like them this way
yeah , I'm pretty despicable .
"" Hey boy are you a software update because not now "" Belmont University
is the most hip friend I have because she hopped on that Periscope train . Plus she's just hip .
Moral of the story , don't prank Sydney with glitter .
they heard my mom's name wrong haha
OH MY GOODNESS THATS TODAY ! ! ! !
Coleman , share some of this gorgeousness , please and thank you . I love you !
"" No , Sydney , you can't do that ! "" - This applies to so much in my life
HEY everyone in the whole wide world , come to the musical theatre concert Friday night 7 for an INCREDIBLE performanc
I saw Mr . Horton walking towards me . He did a heel-click . I did a heel-click . We shook hands and went our separate ways .
Just want to take Buzzfeed quizzes all day . I want to know what pizza topping I am . I want to know which Disney princes
How I love bio . It's kindof my favorite . And yes , the message had been approved by me .
Don't pretend to be entitled to financial compensation if you or a loved one hasn't even been diagnosed
Cagebirds - November 9-11 Thurs / Fri : Sat : 2 Reynolds Recital Hall Fundraiser for
where da pplz be at ? ! ? ! ? ! hit me up on myspace too and facebook
wassup aye follow me back thou
Goodnight Lms Of You Are viewing :
Q : How far would you go with someone you jus ... A : Not far :
Q : whats sex mean to you ? A : Something Made For People Who Are InLove ... :
I just snapped a new picture :
Q : Are you a nerd ? A : Yes I'm Fucking Smart .. Got A Problem . ? :
Q : Do you believe in karma ? A : Yup :
Q : Are you a stoner ? A : no :
Q : What is one thing that has changed your l ... A : One Word : Daz :
Q : True , but his album bearly went platinum ... A : i kant believe big ean let him put it out ... :
Do you want to be famous ? sure
What foreign language would you like to learn ? japanese
People keep telling me that eventually , the "" right person "" will come along . I think m ... :
Q : Are u in a current relationship ? ? A : no :
Q : kik ? A : no :
saturday night is boring af :
I just snapped a new picture :
Do you believe that each individual on Earth has a soulmate ? Yes but finding them is the problem
BEONEMPIRE DWIGHT WALKER Empirefox Empire
BEONEMPIRE DWIGHT WALKER Empirefox Empire
I added a video to a playlist 21 Savage & amp ; Metro Boomin - "" Feel It "" ( Official Music Video )
I added a video to a playlist Ella Mai - She Don't Ft . TyDolla $ ign [ Official Video ]
Just got Rucksack for Mac OS X completely free . Nothing paid ! Really awesome ! But hurry , only until March 23rd at
Just ran around the rose bowl . 3 miles !
The Flu Fighters in Your Food :
Ready for a new quarter , armed with DayQuil in one hand and coffee in the other .
ATT Tech Support is the most inept group of people I've ever encountered . Argh .
enjoyed a summer Friday . Work , lunch , 3rd St Promenade , Hot Dog on a Stick at Muscle Beach , sand , and zydeco / folk night at Levitt . Mm-hm .
facebook is down but i find comfort in knowing that mark zuckerberg is probably up . :D
Our Christmas wish was a new puppy . She is an Australian Shepherd / Golden mix named "" Starby "" !
That hit me hard .
he's tagging you cause you laugh at stuff that's not funny
Tanned most the day today
so awkward clicked wrong name
transformation Tuesday from last year to this year & amp ; katy
This show has me smiling the whole time I watch it
Not wanting to workout a fight is the biggest way you can show you don't care
they pull hair and shit and probably have knifes on them so I'm good
Omg cant wait to wear them
but I think way different now so no worries
So glad my grandma lives with me now
Well my night didn't end like I wanted it to
Thank you for the beautiful watch
I almost retweeted this picture today , but I thought you would think I was hinting you to buy them
she told the dead girl her bf did it and got him killed
He probably has no balls .
Is it me or is 2012 Miley slowly making a comeback ? ? ?
So why don't you care about your life
My hamster just died , what should I get tattooed on me
No matter where we go , Tracy's will be in our hearts tracysforever Seaside Beach
So true . It pays off in the end . I am a living testimony !
Upcoming review from cutemakeuplover ! Visit us on Facebook and
I just updated my website .
Color Elated : Winey and Pouty
I just updated my website .
See here the worst makeup mistakes and how to avoid it
Products are now up and for sale ! Visit
I liked a video from Pastel Goth & amp ; Alchemist Spring Tutorial
I liked a video Sunset Half Cut Crease Makeup Tutorial
I liked a video 1.0 Mile Happy Walk | Walk at Home | Walking Workout
Support he 2nd amendment or end up losing your right to bear arms altogether . via
God knows exactly what you need , who you need , when you need it .
A DuckDynasty MotherDayOfDuck ! -
yes let's waste all our fuckin money on the most unnecessary thing our country "" needs ""
do u ever just think about the first time u met someone and compare it to where u guys are now & amp ; its like wow who knew this wo
tbt to that era where songs didnt end , they just faded out
so ever since i met my exec at my internship , i kept thinkin ' she reminds me of someone '
Just read online it's been 11 years since Hannah Montana aired . Coincidence considering I've only gained 11 lbs since this
Day 3 : Always On My Mind , Elvis Presley ( i was obsessed with Elvis over the summer you dont even know )
im rewatching it literally right now and its kind of killing me a little
For a second , I forgot White people be at MetGala
this is the kind of internet i signed up for
So headass I love it
Swinging my way into adulthood
Here's an example of Mexicans doing the jobs no one else wants to do . But please continue to talk about how we're lazy and "" st
me hearing hillary clinton email questions on june 8 , 2017
"" ______ shared a tweet with you "" gets me so excited lol . what we laughing at today boo
It's being gentrified by the fucking lesbians
hi im emily and i like bowling , soup , and the band bowling for soup
The fall of 1984 looms .
oh wow you guys are wild . so random
You're the worst kind of person tbh
Toy Story 4 looks great !
If you're good at math just know I hate you and also fuck you
The President of the United States is tweeting about a Sports Center host at 740am from his golf holiday when Puerto Rico
I'm gonna surprise random followers w - this palette November 1st or Like if you want one
Im living for this thread . At 14 I was embarrassed bc I still hadnt had my 1st kiss . What were you doing at 14 ?
This man deserves an apology from the whole U . S smfh
Twitter do your thing . Identify these people they were calling my 5 year old cousin a terrorist . Thanks
I liked a video Hendersin - Kids
I liked a video from TS27 Impersonation Vid , Top 5 Plays 1
I liked a video from Rant About Our Generation : Boys
I liked a video from MW3 - WORLD'S FASTEST MOAB ! 30 SECONDS ! "" Modern Warfare 3
I liked a video from CoD : Ghosts * SOLO * THERMAL SUPPRESSED VEPR "" KEM STRIKE "" on
I liked a video from COD Ghosts : Quick "" K . E . M Strike "" on "" Ignition "" - HUGE Comeback !
I liked a video from The Break up ! DramaAlert
I liked a video from Holy ... Crap !
I liked a video from BO2 : World's Best Gameplay !
I liked a video from QUAD MOAB on Bootleg w / ACR - Remembering Call of Duty Ghosts
I liked a video from Bo2 : 110 Kill Non-Lethal ! YouTube Is Broken + Montage Trailer Next
when r u streaming ?
I liked a video from EVOLVE Game Alpha First Look !
I liked a video from 6 MAN FEED ? ! GOING HARD on Advanced Warfare ! !
I liked a video from Ask Nade 1 - Women , Embarrassing Stories , Money
I liked a video from Streaming Schedule + COD Champs !
finallly joining the twitter wagon . now to figure it our .
So greatful for the profs that have been praying for their students . leeuniversity jesus college
YaY ! ! ! everyone is gone ! !
Ive decided to spend my free time tonight playing with legos ..... Ive learned not to super glue them together anymore it upsets the kids ...
My 9 year old loves when you say assbutt Reagan is a huge fan I know u get billions of msgs a day So I hope you see this
relax relax ! ! you are going to be fine !
Help save a leg ! See link to help ( gofundme ) via gofundme fox 5atlanta donate medicaltreatments
i entered HUGE BACK TO SCHOOL GIVEAWAY ! CHECK IT OUT HERE !
I can't go to sleep with out checking your videos out Its such a great way to unwind and be happy for a few minutes !
It's been a while since we've had the windshield wipers on ... good advice here ...
My whole family just deleted our accounts we will never use your service again 10 less customers for you not sorry deleteuber
Can the man lie anymore ! ! ! This is the boldest lie I have seen yet Ga vote voting DEM tomorrow ! ! I'll never vote fo
Holy cow could learn how to treat customers better ! Yeah I'm sore they won't refund my money
Is he going to go after all the Doctor's and Big Pharma for creating those addicts ? ?
IM REALLY AWFUL AT FUNRUN but umm yeah add me - lucyynemchek
keep rtiNg for a follow PoonanjisHugeAssFollowSpree
i dont have a beyonc moment my whole life is a beyonc moment
"" Why do ghosts insist on scaring people why can't they just be chill ? "" - Wise words of Lucy
tbh i don't even know what the bruins are i thought the b stood for bad bitch
I look like a wildebeast rn
The first words I spoke today : "" sharkeisha was shot ""
The best snapchat I've ever received
magcon broke up ? ? ? what u mean broke up they didnt do anything
I just want a girl I can call ugly and we laugh than kiss are you fucking dumb ? What girl would want to b
Finding memorabilia in my backpack
When u go to Target around Halloween
jimmy ....... turn your location on i just wanna talk .........
Nice to know that Notre Dame has a 2 hour delay while Warde doesn't
when i go to the club and they ask for my id
When you're getting roasted in the group chat
its a fucking joke you piss baby cry about it ... maybe melania will change your diaper later
E = MC Square up
my significant other buy me water and I feel bad
Happy birthday to the best sentence ever said aloud
Blown away by response at to on Sunday . 22 hrs / day of prayer & $ 80,000 / yr committed so far ! Way 2 go church ! fb
Just started following Great pastor w / a killer faux hawk . A wrong has been righted .
Steve Nash plays with his hair more than the entire Suns Dancers squad combined . Sheesh , Steve , let it go . fb
Come on over . You're welcome to a piece . says she'll make one special for you ... HeardThatBefore ?
I've always regretted flying into Midway - busy or not - due to the drive home from there .
Hannah gets a break from posing and chills out with a primate friend . fb
Holy moly , SNE was super powerful tonight If you don't come out for it , you are missing out big time ! / / Truth !
Hoping my friendship w / can weather a potential NBA Finals where my Bulls send his Mavs packing . DirkWho ?
New man purse for the MacBook Pro . fb
Incredible day at 5 people made decisions to follow Jesus - lifechange never gets old ! fb
Leaders , take time to INVEST in those following you or it's going to be a very lonely journey . fb
I've got my gear ready to go . See you at 3:30 !
Given the o-line was widely considered the weakest part of the team for the past two years , it's hard to consider it an upgrade
How was the quality of the show ? Always wondered about community college performances like that .
There is a difference between surrendering and giving up . Surrender yields to God . Giving up yields to the problem .
Yup . Typical pastor's kid . Carries not one , but two Bibles around with him ... AND they color coordinate with
The new Fusion Drive for the iMac sounds pretty sweet . Storage capacity of a hard drive with the speed of flash . Best of both worlds .
I actually had this made and three of us once wore these to a Plus One concert . Ashamed Boybands WhyDidnt
Hey all you Tumblr hipsters . Yahoo just bought you . Welcome to the suburbs .
Sad to miss you when youre this close ! Hopefully we can connect and catch up in Orlando in August .
Just got done w / the lead team meeting in Ft . Collins . Thanks again for the investment you made in us at Launch !
Why is it that people crowd the gate to get on the plane early ? Is the promise of 5 extra minutes with
How can you make great coffee at home ? What extraction / prep method should you use ? Great article that covers it all .
RANDOM JEFF TRIVIA : I think that skunk smell ( in light-medium intensity ) is somewhat pleasant . Anyone else belong to this same weird club ?
Nope . I fly home tomorrow . But Ill be here for all the rest of your LCs . Full time , baby !
It's a whole new ball game ... amazon fb
Youre not doing God a favor by reading the Bible . It wasnt written for His benefit - It was written for yours ! Bible Truth
Millennials who trust the government to do what's right all or most of the time In 2009 : 44 % In 2013 : 29 %
Some of the greatest practitioners of marriage ministry in the local church here at this
So proud of and thankful for our Trilogy family for the way they served at our community's Easter
Does Topps pay you a salary for quality control ? TheyShould
SAC champs baby ! ! ! ! ! ! ! We got that ring ! ! ! ! ! ! ! turnup playoffs
lucky u not down hete
ight . Maybe you were right lol
No class for me Tom . ! ! ! relaxingday
THERE WILL BE A PEP RALLY TOMORROW ! bearpride
it was only 55 n sunny today here hahahahaha
just saw your twin playing put put at the beach haha
I gotta come up then !
you have workouts for bball now ?
No point in even trying to look at twitter tonight ....
John Rooney singles sharply to left to start the 5th . It took some time , but has its first NCAA Tourney hit
WHAT IS THIS ? !
To those who cant be home this Christmas , we thank you for your services . Merry Christmas
lmao I didn't bro my b
Andy Dalton couldn't motivate me to make a sandwich
Despite not playing entire 4th quarter , Kobe Bryant finished w / 28 points , 1 shy of DeMarcus Cousins for game high .
Aminu ! ! ...... from ? ! ? ! replytweet
thanks bro you too !
Wasn't the big ten championship game last week ?
The 4DAWG is headed to the DAWGPOUND ! !
Peoples-Jones let's eat baby ! ! ! ! ! !
Carol is officially a badass . TheWalkingDead
Officially the saddest freaking episode in the entire AHS series . SuperSadFace
Has a Travis Tritt thing happening ! Loved it ! TheVoice
Just uploaded the second tutorial about using the huffyuv codec
I uploaded a video Art Appreciating ( 7/11 / 2011 - day 284 ) yt3d
I uploaded a video St Patrick's Day Parade 2012 for 3dtvs
Hey and Dont ram through a 5 - year extension on FISA Amendments Act .
I can't seem to get past 200 .
Grumpy Cat is the special guest for an announcement for Friskies latest contest
J . G . Hertzler , Robert O'Reilly share a Klingon Chicken Joke Galacticon startrek
please score Nebraska . I want Melvin Gordon to stay in to get 500 yards . badgerfootball
We will find out in a few years when a few more Toussaint Lady Skyhawk golfers come through ...
Have you ever dreamt about something ..... Every single day ?
Currently listening to junior high FIRST YEAR sax / French horn / and flute players in my household . Coolest part is how loudly they play . help
This Company Designed Dolls That Have Scars And Use Hearing Aids
Join Patricia Arrowood on PINCHme ! -
Wow ! I just won this for free , NIP 4x6 Photo Album Holds 20 Photos listia
I love this video ! Watch and see how you can loose your makeup baggage ! AvonRep
Online Exclusive ! Treat yourself to Planet Spa Amazonian Treasures AvonRep
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Winnie the Pooh Photo Album , New
I liked a video from 10 Disturbing 9/11 Facts
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Mini beauty bundle
I liked a video Kid Rock - Johnny Cash [ Official Music Video ]
I liked a video Princess Diana-She Was Beautiful . wmv
I added a video to a playlist Enrique Iglesias - Hero
I liked a video Kane Brown - What Ifs ( Audio ) ft . Lauren Alaina
I added a video to a playlist I'll See You Again Lyrics Westlife
| Police , FBI search Pa . basement for remains of woman missing for 27 years
I added a video to a playlist Carrie Underwood - Blown Away
Enter to win FREE tickets to The 8th Annual Festy Experience
State police helicopter crashes near Charlottesville , witnesses say .
I liked a video J-Willz - Never In A Million Years ( Clean )
I liked a video America's Got Talent - Alex Boye Audition ( Judges Awesome Responses )
I liked a video Dwight Yoakam - It Only Hurts When I Cry
feeling strangely pensive and subdued .
I just took the "" Which US city should you really be living in ? "" quiz and got : Los Angeles , CA ! Try it :
Ginger pills : ( I didn't believe they would work before I took them , but they really do ! )
Why do we have such difficulty planning trips more than a week in advance ? I mean , other people do this all the time , right ?
GRRRRR ... ! ! !
I have Patch on my island ! Now my island is even more awesome ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 1,120 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I have Dino ` s Lair on my island ! Now my island is even more awesome ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 373 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 28,841 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 1,018 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 2,097 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 11,675 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 750 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 3,062 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I can go Alice's Room ! Have you already discovered this location ? Android AndroidGames GameInsight
I've harvested 241 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 630 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 20,340 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 1,318 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 17,000 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 753 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 991 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 724 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 13,144 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 568 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 1,030 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 860 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 1,005 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 1,080 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 1,065 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I have Hotel on my island ! Now my island is even more awesome ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 1,323 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 1,283 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 13,546 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 2,927 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 9,575 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I found this awesome recording of "" ohmygosh ( Instrumental ) "" on Smule : SingKaraoke
Chicharito tiene el tercer MEJOR promedio de gol por minutos jugados en TODA LA LIGA , slo detrs de Ronaldo y Messi . htt
Goooool ! ! ! !
its better than drinking fr lol y no te da asco despues
All these niggas in the rr
Hitting the redemption shot in beer pong like
I appreciate him and recognize his talent since no award show does
Damn dude i dont like beer
I got all these bags of chips lol
How is this even possible
mom : why would you spend your entire paycheck on makeup you fucking idiot you have an addiction me :
TODAY IS THE ONLY DAY YOU CAN RETWEET THIS BackToTheFuture
Two types of people when high
gotta wait till 11 for my girl to get outta work
I just want y'all to know that this is real life lol
102 years ago = Jim Crow Laws , race riots , black women couldn't vote , & amp ; black men were being falsely accused / imprisoned . Sounds
Patrice Evra has joined Burger King on loan !
something so sweet .... love could move mountians ...
and How you doing !
i mean if a celeb dont want to talk to you why not say it ....
WE ARE WHO WE ARE right I know i brought a mother fuckin piddy CD collection . . .. i forgot which one bc . .
Toni if he wzsnt man ENOUGH for u why he wasnt man enough for them dam kids . . .. .
Sawgged out only on the WEEK DAYS haahaha LeeGO ! Also watch You & Me this Morning Love the Girrllss ! ! !
Hell iam already ready i will need a shoot to the heart . . . . . Hahah LeeGo ! ! !
haha hey was in dancing and accidently hit the unfollow botton !
haah birdman . . . More like Taraddactol Man haha . . . . . ~ * ~ Think about ~ * ~
I tried finding jobs for CNA's in Gary , IN but there are none at this time and all else is to far with no income
if you motherfuckers dont Follow me back I well tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help me God ! !
Look Baby continue WakingMeUp and showing us how to start all over again ! ! StartedFromTheBottomNowWeHere !
Why do I have to Be a Bitch and a Hoe even though I have to degrees and Single StillaVirgin ! ! L33tsGoo ! !
Now I see why they were talking so dam long , all he does is set at home and rubb Bengay all over him self ! ! L33tGo ! !
OMG I didn't know that are the ones who sing the song onmywaydown you said anything is possible ! ! TurnUp
I miss you . . . What do you have planed for 2014 a New song would be nice ! !
If you close your eyes does it almost feel like nothing changed at aaaaaaalllll ? Does it always seems like you been here before !
Hahaha we always finding Aden somewhere ! Revenge Scandal Haha Haha Letgo !
Illusion ! A homeless man is not even homeless !
when you go from laughing to crying cool
Are you free this weekend ? * gazes into distance * * sheds single tear * * bald eagle screeches * I'm always free .
good thing I didn't promise him at warped yeah ?
I hope I'm awake when Hannah gets here omg
why are people so afraid to double text ? i will triple , quadruple and quintuple text you i dont give a FUCK
He still have his mother's eyes
I need it to be midterms so I can find a new favorite at my moms school
it costs $ 0.00 to be a decent person .
do y'all remember when Lindsay Lohan told Lindsay Lohan that Lindsay Lohan has class and Lindsay Lohan doesn't
Some people's lives would be much better if they simply made their own decisions and not allow negative opinions stop th
but my parents would never let me ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Gossip Girl is to blame for my unrealistic hopes for love and life in general
find a boy who stares at you like ur the prettiest angel he's ever seen in his life .
I WANT THIS ENGLISH TEACHER TheTalkingDead
boys are the opposite of sour patch kids , first they're sweet then they're sour
I cant wait for Howloscream and sweaters and pumpkins and pretty leaves I just love fall
you literally cannot trust anyone .
George Washington wouldn't be proud VotingDay ElectionDay
Uggggghhhhh time to start watching everyone's Snapchat stories and being sad because I'm not out having fun but also what's
where tf did this hail come from
im just gonna leave these here for everyone to enjoy
i was excited for the solar eclipse but this made me so sad
I wish I had my shit together
Blah . My friend lance is bein shipped to afganistan for over 9 months in just a few hours : , [ gotta stay up & talk to him before he leaves me .
Rt www.itunes.com / tylershamy Please retweet ! 8-)
didn . t nate move out ?
girl you makin me shiver , the way you bite your lip , you make a girl wanna flip on that jock like tupac ? (; haha
i knowww same hereee ! ! :D :D
they totally gave thereself away ! !
fail ! www.facebook.com / BaybeeB haha
Nothing like getting my day started to the greeeeeeeeeat voice of (:
:) thank youuu ! But im glad i found youuu :D
If you have facebook , do me a favor go like comment , help her win this
either , sean , brian or bradford ? ?
where do i message you at ? To your account ? ? :)
dear im in love with your twitter photo <3
awhh just cause I'm getting something done that makes me suuuper nervous :/
It was a bumpy ride but just landed hope you are good on your flight
lmao that Britney stalker ! ! ! !
I like how I know what I'm talking about and no one listens to me
WISHBONE WAS ASLEEP & amp ; HE FARTED SO LOUD HIM & amp ; I BOTH JUMPED ! ! ! HAHAHAHAHA SO GROSS BUT I'M DYING
yay ! Lemme kno when u do ! Aw So cute ! I wanna meet sum famous Aussie ppl ! If I met an Aussie boy , I'd pack up & amp ; move there lol .
no I wish she was . I go and talk to her everyday . Thank you . I'm hoping for the best ! My heart has faith in her !
Love meeeeee ? ! ? !
I love you tooo Brandon ! Lets not fight again okay ?
Needless to say is one of my favorite favorite teen moms , her girls are just the sweetest things ! luckymama
NEW VIDEO ! ! ! TypesOfRelationships for the world to seeeeee ! !
Just followed a bunnnch of people , why ? Because I'm bored aand I never follow anyone , ever . So feel special random people ! yourewelcome
good morning ! Whaaaatsup ! Ahah
what are you doing night ? ! ? ! Maybe FaceTime date ? I need a distraction from packing
Please help me save Tag 2700 . She is scheduled to be put down at a DALLAS shelter on May 24
Variety of performances at Brevard Music Center |
2 : Grilled NC Swordfish , Couscous with Roasted Corn , Fennel , Spinach & amp ; Pepper ( con't ) GotToBeNC CompDiningNC
What is the greatest margin of victory in a college game ? CokeDominosGamedayTrivia
$ 300K bond set for man , 18 , accused by Rock Hill police of sexual assault with underage girls
Mobile home fire in Rock Hill leaves one dead
Northwestern student expelled by Rock Hill schools for knife celebrates victory
Be sure to read the last section for some helpful tips for charitable giving !
Rock Hill school district phone numbers disabled as staff prepares to move
Riverwalk Academy story is coming . Parents and former staff members say the school administration has not communicated well with families .
Hurricane Irma drains Rock Hill Walmart water , halts York County online groceries
Rock Hill Schools Foundation donates $ 13K in grants to local educators
OMFG IM STUCK IN FUCKING NORTH CAROLINA .... I WANNA GO HOME TO MY - 20 .... IT GOT THAT COLD JUST FOR ME DAMIT ! ! !
happy freedom day ... free your mind !
Being a drama queen is an actual personality disorder known as the Histrionic personality disorder that affects women 4
I have a headache . : c
Famous footwear swag .. xD
This old guys been looking at porn for the past 30 minutes in Panera
Officially a university student ! university delval delawarevalley DCU
I don't know but it's pissing me off . >_<
jokerscruise impracticaljokers miami 2mexico joegatto missgattousa
Loved my Wax Strips ! Check out my review on trynatural TakeItOff GotItFree trynatural
I guess the closest I'll get to the beach today is by turning the kitchen faucet on .
Just watched Obama's speech and all I have to say is .... LET'S GO PACKERS ! ! ! ! Oh , and good speech . Now will the assholes pass it ? Thro ...
watching ... Mobbed over and over again in my head because I dont have a DVR ...
I wear my Purple ' ' I Love Nancy ' ' shirt ... My wife Julie and her parents don't like it . gamedaysuperstition
Dressed up as a football player and got drafted by the Cleveland Browns . halloweendisaster
Please check out our latest t-shirt collaborations with Instapress .
If that's not the definition of our "" democratic society "" I don't know what is .
Gen . Dempsey Vows To Unmask The ' Doctrine Man ' via
AP reports plan for vast expansion as a "" compromise . ""
that Dr Leonard does a good job
anything new about football handling and record keeping since it seems so important to your boss ?
Another day , another public records lawsuit in Massachusetts
Jan 30th . Science .
What was your favorite TV show from the 80 ' s ? The Fall Guy ? TV23Chat
Get used to this PatriotsNation . Here are 8 crazy ways the Patriots "" cheated "" last night : htt
Any candidate who wants to bar members of a certain religion from public service should take a walk around Arlington .
Gov . Cuomo ordered removal of an ad campaign for Man In The High Castle , a TV show about the dangers of fascism .
was it because Talib took off the helmet ?
It's outrageous that everyday Americans such as nurses , teachers and firemen pay a higher tax rate than some billionaires .
More tax breaks for the very large corporations is just one symptom of a political system that is grotesquely failing the a
My clients have faced jail for less . Clinton exchanged classified emails on private server w / 3 aides
20 Golds for Michael Phelps :
Congressman campaigns to ' stop the madness ' of US support for Saudi's appalling bombing campaign in Yemen
also ran on getting jobs back , no TPP . Shocking he won states that lost jobs due to NAFTA
did the falcons bring their own mix tape ?
A US-born NASA scientist was detained at the border until he unlocked his phone - The Verge
If your ' resistance ' includes being pro-TPP , that's the wrong resistance . Wld you resist an infrastructure bill too ? Corp
Fake monks out scamming tourists .
Oh so you're ready to fix this & amp ; legalize drugs , provide universal education , healthcare , daycare & amp ; do a massive infrastr
Even with the stock market at record levels , wages continue to stagnate . We must ensure that hardworking Americans earn what
Hickenlooper used taxpayer cash to hire insurance / drug lobbyists to push plan to boost subsidies for insurers
The only birth control the GOP fully supports is guns .
New York Republican Senate Committee going explicitly anti-Black in election mailer
Trump FCC to seek complete repeal of Obama-era net neutrality rules : report
The seaport is clearly the Disneyland of Boston neighborhoods . It not only excludes people of color , it is designed solel
PHEW ! ! ! ! :)
Is there a face palm emoji ? ? ? :)
yes ! ! ! They are fine so far but midnight is high tide & amp ; that is gonna ' be bad ! ! They said the wind is horrible too ! ! :(
Well isn't this the TRUTH ? ? ! ! !
It sure is ! ! ! :(
This is what your post office looks like after a hurricane and you have to stand in line outside to get your mail ! !
Congrats to your guy ! ! ! ! :)
Darn what a bummer for ! ! ! ! ! :(
OMG this is awesome ! ! #mannequinchallenge
OMG OMG OMG survivor ! ! !
I am catching the repeat later ! ! Addicted to that show ! !
Holy fogginess ! ! ! ! Wow ! ! !
Happy 74th Anniversary to my cute grandparents ! ! Wow ! ! :)
Sometimes all I can say or think is ..... LE SIGH ! ! ! Ohhhh le sigh ! ! ! Carry on ! ! ! #lesigh
Wow you guys are rockstars ! ! ! :)
YAY for one of the biggest movers so far ! ! ! ! GOOOO Casey GOOOO ! ! ! :)
Let's goooooo racin ' ! ! ! GOOOO Smearsy ! ! ! :)
YES ! It looks like so much fun ! ! Wish I had gone when they raced here in Atlanta but I hadn't started watching yet ! ! Oh well ! :(
are y'all coming to the race next week I hope ? ? ? :)
heck yeah ! ! :)
And ..... one of my favorite races on Sunday ! ! Yay ! ! So a great weekend is in store for us race fans ! !
Thinking the fireworks on tybeeisland will never end now ! ! ! UGH ! ! ! :(
Very classy interview ! !
Actually I have A LOT to tell you friend ! !
They are badasses ! ! ! :)
Yes .... hopeful ! ! But very worried about flooding ! ! ! :(
I am so worried about Puerto Rico--one of my favorite places to visit ! ! ! God bless them ! ! #PrayersforPuertoRico HurricaneMaria
Wow just wow ! ! ! :)
Ohhhh ... and fix that hat ! ! It looks deformed ! ! Haha ! ! :)
Awww so cool ! ! :)
And I keep telling myself it really is once in a lifetime ! ! We Dawg fans have waited so long for this ! ! :)
- UGH ... I am so jealous ! How did you manage this ? ? ?
What a beautiful love story .
So , how many kids do they end up giving away in an average day ?
Just watched banter video from Clay Aiken Christmas concert , Long Island , 2006 . God , I miss him .
Finish this tweet : "" The last time I talked about why I give a damn about equality was ... ""
I hope this is a joke .
Actually , I wouldn't have recognized any of the women . I remember Cheryl and Debbie , but didn't recognize them .
These people have lost their minds .
I was just thinking about what you said in the chat last night about your performance of ... tweetmore
Very sad about what happened in North Carolina today . More and more , I am not as proud to be from the South as I used to be .
AAAACCCKKK ! ! ! Four days without a Tweet ! I'm going through withdrawal !
Someone Tweeted : "" Clay Aiken knows more about women's bodies than Todd Akin . ""
How about a young man whose wife has just died ? ( It's a play on the "" Plus 1 "" that is put on invitations . )
Jim Parsons FTW ! ! !
Is anyone else watching CULT ?
DOMA and Prop 8 rulings tomorrow morning at 10AM .
I would say misogynist rather than racist - or maybe both .
That's as much a no-brainer as learning to drive a stick-shift if you're going on TAR .
I haven't seen your videos , but I am rooting for you on TAR ! You're doing AMAZING !
God who knew ordering a ham could be this complicated ! areyouserious dontputmeonhold
The list of things I don't want to think about seems to get longer every day . killmenow
Leaving New Orleans ..... Mexico bound ! :)
I just started like rewatching the whole series on netlflix !
My sister is so well trained when I ask "" how much do you love me ? "" She goes and gets my laptop lazytothemax
Oh my god . I have been waiting for rain for so long for that exact reason \ hahaha
If I was your boyfriend I'd let you watch bones netflix
I wish I was better at taking critique ifonly stubborn
Really not feeling this whole school idea tomorrow . Can't it just be Presidents Week ? noschoolplease
"" Sometimes when I'm really bored I go look at refrigerators "" ShitMyCoWorkersSay
I only twerk on Fridays ...
Spent twice as much time at doba as I did at school .
Orchestra bby 5 years strong
hurry back to us !
well , I was close . New Captain is revealed .
it's excellent . And I'm sure you know to stay through credits .
We remain in a delay at Wrigley Field as the grounds crew continues work on the field . Both teams hope to resume play .
One uncomfortably crowded bus ride later ... Very nice office . Killer views .
nice ! Missed seeing ya this weekend .
Baron Strucker namedrop ! AgentsofSHIELD AgeofUltron
Just saw a TV ad for TheInterview . Whoops !
Throwing on the new TMNT movie . Fully expecting childhood ruining .
wish I had known that . Now I can not bowl for another decade + .
first a split , now a merger . Fun times never stop .
not knowing about smidgens is the worst
On vacation like Agent May ? Report back for Season 3 of Marvel's AgentsofSHIELD on September 29 , Agents !
and now Jawas FC is hanging out away from the rest of the FC . This shouldn't be this hard ...
Picked up StarWarsRebels . Looking forward to watching it .
Watch a baseball game and a hockey fight breaks out .
so true . I sit every day
And a pretty cool Han Funko . StarWars TheForceAwakens lootcrate
it was close . The text caught my eye . Then I noticed the x1 on it .
but so delicious ! Om nom noms
12 hours to CivilWar !
used to spend 2 hours a day commuting and it was awful .
first time Prime didn't sell out .
at least 3 I am aware of
Heard strange noises around the corner . This is what I found .
Making a run at Hyrule Castle . BotW
No problem ! Still got ' em . I'll send a trade over .
Eh Ive ended up pulling most of the Orange CAs so Ill probably push to get them all . Stacking already .
i just made this and it's awful
thx for the follow be sure to sub to my yt for more funny prank vids
practice endless starting at lvl 50 and just bring it down until its intense but u can just barely make it for a few minutes
follow me , I'll take you to the promised land baby girl
halsey isnt talented and isnt a real musician sry
at 200 followers im giving away a signed copy of this tweet
came to see rich chigga in mpls tonight but u stole the show . heard ur shit and instantly ran over and go
exactly ! Our apartment is only 815 sq ft ! ! I would love to be able to see the ship one day !
So on Sunday we are going to see WWE , which means seeing and Brian and Benjamin are pretty excited .
YUCK ! ! ! ! "" @OMGFacts : A pound of peanut butter can contain up to 5 rodent hairs and 150 bug fragments ""
PLZ : Its turtle season ! Look at little ones head out for new beginning ! Help them ...
oh no ! what kind of surgery ( only if you want to say ) i hope you feel better surgery is never fun well maybe getting needed rest is
This chef , this cast member ! Has been working all 60years ! Congrats Chef Oscar ! Disneyland 60
I don't have a printer , so I don't have one that is compatible !
I just checked in at Lexus with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
May not have meant it as one , but really good Parkour spoof video featuring a talented dog ...
For the 1st time since last year !
I hope Betty is ok in the "" real "" timeline !
Merry Christmahanaquanzikadanivas every one !
53 % Star Wars , 47 % Star Trek . But I feel Trek , but I guess the Internet never lies . May the Force live long and prosper !
SNL's Clarence Walker ( Eddie Murphy ) as the 5th Beatle did that for me .
Operation : Replace Desktop cutting is done . Looking good so far ! Nice and big !
So much anger . You should focus that anger on something . Epic Battles perhaps ? Signed , LOTRO .
More water based animals stuck on land in NoMansSky
I want Amalgamcomics back for this team-up
Oh my god ! That turtle is swimming tortoise !
bitch said "" would you do coke for 2.5 million "" Uhhh bitchhhh
Morphe's Bridesmaid single shadow is honestly my favorite transitional color ever . It's such a pretty pinky nude color
i need crayons , in my case need a pencil , to erase missed the bus , now im late new shoes , rock a lace brush my teeth , wash my f
I couldn't imagine what .
I ain't got no manners for no sluts . I'mma put my thumb in her butt
Happy first day of the last month of this garbage fire of a year . Let's get it ! !
I'd actually love it if mothafuckas who turn work place harassment into jokes in hopes of going viral stayed 300 feet away
a few of our Christmas pictures for 2017
How we feel about nature .
I loved the Uber driver that gave me Jolly Ranchers lol
I really was like ten listening to Spice Girls lyrics and thinking , "" This makes no sense but OK ""
Oop . This SNL skit .
Mariah Carey gets $ 5 million from her ex for wasting her time and she gets $ 500,000 every Christmas from a song she dropped in
Who put a fleshlight in their tailpipe and why
That looks like an amazing spread !
me performing outside of Verizon's headquarters trying to get free Twitter for the month
Be kind to me Elliott
I feel ya . I'm very punctual and I take forever to get ready so I expect the same of the people I'm
Before u cheat on me imagine me & amp ; my bitches jumpin yo mama . Is that really what u want
twitter is where geniuses come to share ideas
In 72 minutes all of these tweets were tweeted . Shortly after , she was gone . Please PLEASE if you need help ... people ar
Alissa needs to be a Fenty Beauty model already
whats not so yo ?
My give a damn's busted .
we were told our cupcakes had to much sugar and frosting . Hahahaha
Going to die of starvation if doesn't hurry up !
yeah that would be awesome ! :-)
I didnt kow at that time she was you gf ! Besides she said yes so what does that say about you .. ? I gave her a ring and everything !
When your professor leaves a note on the door saying he will be 20 minutes late . Coulda slept in but not worth leaving now sleepy
ASKTFIOS did you ever think of ending the book mid sentence ?
APPLAUSE radio requests for OperationAPPLAUSE today ! 7/16 : Houston ! take me to itunesfestival !
applause operationapplause Look what I did for you ! applausepromo swinefest techhaus
I'm excited for this . not gonna lie .
my APPLAUSE radio requests today for OperationAPPLAUSE . Bring ME to SWINEFEST ! 6/17 : Minneapolis / Dallas !
. @ladygaga kicks off the iTunesFestival live from London on September 1 . Stream the show with the free app .
he was such a champ , he just stood there and let me do it . I'm sure he thought it was weird , but he didn't really care .
mcm mancrushmonday don't even care that this is the same guy from last week . paulvedere you kill me .
Keep spreading this and include in all your tweets ! iHeartARTPOP
Venus GUY SexxxDreams JewelsandDrugs MANiCURE DoWhatUWant ARTPOP Swine Donatella Fashion MaryJaneHollan
what song do you HAVE to dance to when you hear it ? ARTPOPquestion 6
COME ON MONSTERS ! LET'S TREND ARTPOPPromoSingle
awhhhh , followed you ! so happy !
if you think ARTPOP > Prism -
canceling the BTWB was one of the most disappointing things . ARTPOP is going to be her best album yet . Please pick me !
what a contradiction . ollie cat catsofinstagram catstagram orangecat sinklife wtf laurengoderecci
any insightful Gaga wisdom for surviving finals week ? seriouslydrowning
dear , please make guy the next single . The universe needs a kickass dance track and a Gaga / @Zedd collab on the radio . me .
amazing . quote quotes comment comments tweegram quoteoftheday song funny life instagood
If 1 million of us watched it 20 times it'd be 20 million views Watch G . U . Y Here : GagaNewSingleG
ITS SHOWTIME BABY ! So far this has been the best bday ever !
monsters shouldn't be attacking anyone . Gaga would hate it , especially attacking one another . does no one listen to her ?
mcm mancrush mancrushmonday my baxter love lovehim doggykisses dachshund dachshundgram
Philly I ain't trying to lose tonight so f * * k with me ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
kid lonesomedunkid lovethisguy aqha americanquarterhorse qh quarterhorse equestrian
SFGiants fans have invaded Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia ! WeAreGiant
Lady Gaga posing with her Woman of the Year award WomenInMusic
i'm so down with the key change in perfect illusion . yessssss gaga ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I am honored to be a part of the family , just one lady in a long line of generations of women .
D . C . monsters , after Gaga sings So baby tell me yes tonight , be sure to scream YAS ! as hard as you can . Youll be on TV
Saturn As Youve Never Seen It Before - stunning 4000 x 3200 pixel image
the only kind of marks you should leave on an animal
I just looked "" cakewalk "" up on Dictionary.com . Very interesting and enlightening .
More to do than can be physically done in the time that I have . What a great feeling . : S
"" To be fond of dancing was a certain step toward falling in love . "" Jane Austen never ceases to amaze and amuse .
How did Mike Nystuen end up at my house ? ? I'm not really sure . So much sass from that boy ...
"" I believe there is middle ground to do the right thing , protect your beliefs and be an empathetic , tolerant person . "" Right on ,
I love and Meryl Streep . lecordonbleuuuuuuh
Vet exam : $ 53 Shots : $ 49 Blood work : $ 71.10 Watching my cats face after licking the rubbing alcohol on his leg : priceless
"" You spin me about . "" gets me every single time with that sentence . iwishlikehellyouwaselsewhere iwas
Ooo ooo h Ground Kontrol . Awesome ! !
It's a black day for baseball ?
HIIIII ! I miss you . That's how I am ! How are you ? ?
I dedicate myself to myself , to my art , my sleep , my dreams , my labors , my suffrances , my loneliness , my unique madness ...
It should be noted that all of those things were done with toddlers . They weren't MY poopy diapers . Felt I needed to clarify . youknow
MyFeminismIs recognizing where I have privilege & amp ; knowing that I am lucky to have a voice ; & amp ; it is USING that voice for ALL who need one
But lucky for me - most of my married / unsingle friends have given up on pairing me off . I'm "" too picky "" w / all my "" standards "" .
These literary TED talks will motivate and inspire you ( via
A lot of great advice is coming from MFAchat discussion .
It's cool we're doing stuff like this , while the healthcare industry all but ignores chronicillness b / c we might be "" drug seekers "" .
Student protesters after hearing of UM System President Tim Wolfe's resignation .
Muslims , you're allowed to be scared too . You're allowed to center your safety after tragic events . Don't let anyone tell you
& amp ; Thanks for the Angel throwback moment when Booth & amp ; BugBoy broke into the Gormogon mausoleum . bones reruns
Sick AGAIN . Saturday night marathon of
In 2016 I want to see more mainstream stars and celebutantes with huge platforms start standing up for the people they make
I'm prepared as long as it doesn't suck . I miss the good old days of WoW ; no more farming carrots for pandas , etc .
Thank you for 2 amazing seasons ! I'm sad to see the show go , but can't wait to see what's next !
LastLinesFromGreatBooks "" So we beat on , boats against the current , borne back ceaselessly into the past . "" - The Great Gatsby
Crackin Gangam style crackcrackcrack Superbowlcommercials
Less than a week til Spring Break ! ! ! Finally onuproblemz
The amount of makeup , nail polishes , and hair products that I have but don't use is ridiculous . femalepains
Go Steelers ! ! ! ! :)
Great ! Just studying for blocks and rooting for the Steelers ! :)
I'm ready for the new Oteri's ! CakeBossKickoff
Registration starts Monday for returning students ! Make sure you meet with your adviser ! TSTC earlybirdgetstheworm ... or th
there's no way it could be
is a GULDEN opportunity to earn some extra cash ! - a7xchik09 swaghook
You can steal second base but don't you dare steal my - a7xchik09 swaghook
You do you and don't worry what others think . School is always a wonderful choice !
Save Me is my favorite ! Nightmare
10/10 . Would eat .
Maz Jobrani : Did you hear the one about the Iranian-American ? TED
Jk no one likes me . But because no one there like me I didn't care how I looked when I danced .
Shut up . You're not funny . I hate you .
I don't understand why you wouldn't put 100 % effort into everything you do . Mediocrity is for cowards
- What are your plans for today ? - Do homework , go for a - - So you're cleaning ?
wcw is Betty Spaghetti . Yup , I went there .
I may not be Fred Flinstone , but I would certainly like to make your bed rock .
I don't drop the word "" blessed "" often , but today I feel truly blessed . My family is so amazing .
On track to graduate in 3 years . Unless , of course , I add a polisci major . Or an econ major . Or both .
which dorm are you in ?
I don't even understand how people choose anyone else but Gwen . I mean I love Adam but damn .
So my grandma thinks introversion is some mutation I have . She thinks if she sends me enough pins about it I'll be cured .
I've been locking myself in my room for three days , emerging only for classes and food . I'm totally okay with it .
Agh Bones is maddening . Add that to my O Chem test and I'm about to pass out .
Cubs fans be like ...
you rocked that contrabass ! clarinetlove
Gay Marriage has been legal in Canada for 10 years .
I love college football but let's not forget about baseball y'all . are still crushing it .
Why tf is Spanish already full for summer I if registration doesn't start until November ?
Honestly the fan girl in me is ashamed that I haven't seen Mockingjay part 2 yet .
"" Never before in my lifetime has an election mattered so much for women & amp ; families . "" - @ilyseh imwithher roeat 43
you're articulating every thought I've had about Texas since last year .
How tf did five cubs players make the all star starting lineup . HOW ?
Based on the season 3 premier , season 1 of is gonna look like a Disney movie compared to season 3 .
The guy girls tweet about wanting vs the guys they go for
I'm a biochemistry major not taking any science or math class next semester . Let's see how this goes .
Funniest moment of Parks and Rec was when Mark accidentally told Jerry / Terry / Gary he was adopted .
Patriotism isn't about making everyone stand and salute the flag . Patriotism is about making this a country where everyon
Using me to stay relevant lol
Dont knock it til you try it dogg
Come on boys . . . This is the playoffs baby NEW ENGLAND
Wow shut yur pie hole son . Wow shut yur lie hole son
You have stolen my heart . . .
Its like the demon version of Cornholio . . . Cornhellio
It was so potent I almost didn't believe it was a fart .
I have been working at the DA's office 3 years today . Thankful for all the friendships and all of the ...
Lexington child who died in mower accident fell off while riding with father
Jasper Mall will be closing down due to .... - Channel 23 News
We are master tubers ! No one can dump us ! ! ! Shae Findley
Preach Aunt Boo Preach ! !
I need one ! ! ! ! Bobby Whatley
Latepost hellla late post but i love this pic
me & amp ; And my niggaz tryna gett it ya bishh
tbt lmao hella long aqo tho poohsaywhat
What if life was like a cartoon . That would be dope
How im spending my suday after noon watchin my boyfriend and cousin hoop lol
Drake B like _ ( _ ) / / / _ / / / / | ( ( | | | ) |
How can i get . a good morning frm a female b4 u
Go kill yur self ur not a man ur a bitch
Our condolences go out to the family of during this difficult time . He was one of a kind and a good friend to
I liked a video CoD ZOMBIES : Zombie Train ! EP . 4 !
Niggas hella cute n shit '
Babe got dro in oakland hmu
But your a guy . Whose gona hurt your other . With another .
I wasnt a go home n play LeagueOfLegends ugh the withdrawals
Me Nd my sister ! bgbaby 12
yay ! I just wanna see you happy , all hail chair
Bouta go find and deeliciouuusss then gona go turn up Plaza Hotel & amp ; Casino
I liked a video Minecraft : GROW MONEY ON TREES - Tree Ore Mod Showcase
I see my place now . brosbeforehoes right
This was Goldy when he was a kitten . Today we lost him . Rest in peace Goldy . He didn't love us , but he
kcrhradio kcrhradio kcrhschooltour LPS Leadership
tellie 510 she said happy Father's day
I got nothing ! No sex no cards no bear no chocolate . Not even a kiss
Just wanna say happy birthday to my dad ! ! "" Some fathers are just
One of today's pick me up
"" Well , they're obviously not going to let us kill them through healthcare . Maybe we can just bankrupt them ... ? ""
' Riley Parra ' Slays Demons and Smooches Girls in This Badass Web Series - AfterEllen via
Why is everyone in America NOT just yelling continuously ? Have you seen the news ? !
"" Look , see , I can get people to do stuff . Mikey's a good dog , yes he is . Yes he is . ""
Awesome ! Here's hoping ! The scripts are written , we're just waiting for the green light
Fun sexual assault fact : you only hear the stories we can bear to tell .
Final wait time : 35 minutes .
Naming characters for the next Underdogs book . I haaaate naming characters .
I heard Jigsaw is one of the best Saw movies , but still terrible and doesn't make any sense .
Nahh , I think I'll pass . I'm interested in the concept , but the menus I've seen don't really appeal to me overall .
Ditto ! The casting on this series has been unreal !
Fantastically ! I'm at 17,165 , ( only 11k of that is NaNo ) and I feel like I'm getting the plot rolling well . :D
How dare you bring this up , right after they had their asses handed to them in election after electi
He took responsibility ? ! And ... like ... APOLOGIZED to the women he hurt ... ? What a magical thing !
Ooh , I love clocks like that . I don't know why , I just find them very aesthetically pleasing .
If you guys keep throwing money at RileyParra , I'll just have to write more awesome shit for them to do . This is y
Boy , it's almost like Starbucks doesn't want ANY bigots or morons in their stores this winter . "" Happy holidays , her
Hey , weathermen , don't tout "" highs in the 60s and 70s on Thanksgiving "" like it's a good thing . It's actually quite
Ditto ! I think there's always a little sag in the middle of a campaign . There's the first
We submitted Riley Parra Season 1 for a Daytime Emmy in the Outstanding Guest Actress in a Digital Drama Series . daytimee
Yes , there was that point at well .
M & amp ; Ms finally reveals what happened after the "" They do exist ! "" commercial . Warning : it's very sweet .
It really seems like women should be the ones getting secret buttons to lock doors
People keep asking why is black pride good but white pride racist ? This was written by a white person who gets it . Heres w
Awesome ! Thank you !
164 kicks ass parratroopers and we are 90 % funded . We have a day and a half . We will hit 1 day left this afternoon - WE
It's a battle , not the war !
The insanity of Dennis with the confidence of Mac . And Frank's money .
I love this , but at the same time , for shaaame , people talking in minute detail in public about
"" Trump Throws Support Behind Ron DeSantis For Florida Governor "" Congratulations , Ron DeSantis ' opponent !
Nothing like spending hours curled up on the couch reading Harry Potter on a rainy day
Gang Banging in White Lake ? ! ? ! ? Lol
That moment when u have so much to say , but u can't bring urself to say it ugh fml
Happy New Years Everyone be Blessed and remember to love live and laugh like everyday is you last
Get the Fuck outta here
of what baby formula ? underage
excited for private practice tonight , but sad tree will be no Tim daly . PrivatePractice Where'sPete
Finally watching MagicMike ! !
Last day of work on the series Private Practice . Thank you , cast and crew . Thank you , Shonda . Thank you , fans . What a ...
... That elevator smelled so good ..
Time to party ! TVDParty RaisingtheStakes
That's the end ? ! ? ! I can't handle it fangtasyisland
It's only 1:30 & amp ; I am already ready this day to be over !
Fish piss and sand in your cooch Pam
The list of people I actually like :
The No . 22 Mountaineers ( 6-2 , 4-1 Big 12 ) have won four straight games and are bowl eligible . HailWV
Testing yet another free iPhone twitted client . This one shows other users in the area . Kinds creepy .
Waiting to pick up my car .
Wow , drivers license renewal took all of 5 minutes . If that . Scary fast .
snowing there ? 26 here but no snow .
people read blogs for the style / personality , not for the content . A zillion gadget blogs thrive but folks love the snarky engadget .
ubercaster is like Cast Blaster for Mac too - free trial . Would like to know how it compares .
I interviewed the lady behind Acorn at second shop . She does 1800s period outfits but mostly hats there at renfest .
Tons going on in Riverside . Had ice cream , bought stuff , Trek lecture about to start .
how about getting some techno dance remixes of some of your origionals ?
I uploaded a YouTube video - - Midlands Pirate Fest 2009 Radio Ad
Let's play Words With Friends on the iPhone ! My username is ' allenhuffman ' .
rated Friday - Single by Rebecca Black 5 stars iTunes
( This is going to be an interesting election cycle . And I'd never been one for politics before 2008 ... ) googleronpaul
Happy birthday , ! Donate $ 5 ( or more ! ) to his campaign today during a birthday money bomb . For liberty !
Three NH Newspapers Endorse Ron Paul for President
I uploaded a video ScreamPark 2012TVAd - iacity v2
Enter the biggest software giveaway ever & amp ; win one of 100 Mac bundles , each worth $ 150 :
Pirate TV AD concept : via
loved the part 5 cameo . So much fun in such short segments ! Always leave ' em wanting more .
It certainly wasn't when it was released . It was banned in some places .
DMHH Ames Haunted Forest 2015 Part 3 - via
C strcat , strcpy and armageddon , part 5
How big is the staff that feeds the conversation I see in the Quartz app ?
DMHH Sleepy Hollow 2016 : via
Layover in Vegas and thought I'd say hi . So , hi . I'll make a Sunday school next week , promise . Maybe .
GUNCONTROL is not about guns it's about CONTROL Not for public safety but to protect govt from the pipl
;-) progressives hard work again
"" The Constitution is the sole source and guaranty of national freedom "" - Calvin Coolidge tcot tlot
Night y'all ! Happy tweeting my fella tweeps !
' Little Guy ' With ' Some Serious Skills ' Wows Store ... via
Federal Reserve Says Obamacare is Screwing Up Economy
Obama on American Exceptionalism ... SisterPatriots WAAR tcot RedNationRising
In less than 2 hrs . JEREMIAH WRIGHT'S DAUGHTER CONVICTED OF FRAUD !
Mr . obama I don't hate you , but .... Will never bring myself to call him President .
"" @lochlass : Ummm .... He should have to pay the foreign aid he got for tuition back with interest !
FFOA FRESH AND TRUE NEWS 24/7 . Please join , follow , like , subscribe , pin and tumble us .
Amen ! Pray - 4 - Peace for all those involved Seattle Pacific Shooting Hero Pens Statement , Reac ... via
GOP Rep . Proposes Bill Allowing Americans to Use t ... via
Caught on Video : GOP Congressman's Unexpected Reac ... via
Well , not looking good for the "" witch hunters "" on this one . Truth will * always * prevail . ... via
' Nuff said here ! ImpeachObama NoAmnesty MolonLabe 2A usconstitution billofrights patriots waar freedom
. Krauthammer : Obama ' Threw Away the Victory ' in Iraq
Every American needs to see with their own eyes whats going on along our border - - > teaparty
He tried to warn us , but liberals mocked and ridiculed him everyday . smh
Fox News Channel Viewers Tune In To Obamas ISIS Speech In Bigger Numbers Than CNN And MSNBCCombined
Rally w 11AM Boston magov StopCommonCore
Fox News Reporter Goes Head-to-Head With White Hou ... via
Please help spread the word about our efforts to build product in the good ole USA & amp ; help veterans
God bless this work . We are all in . Who will join us ? MATCH 3732
"" When I drink my little wine and have my little cracker , I guess that is a form of asking for forgiveness . "" TrumpQuotes
Add this IcedCaramelLatte to your recipe box . Your taste buds will thank you later .
PURE EVIL : New Details on How ISIS Gutted , Sexually Tortured Victims at Bataclan Concert Hall in Paris
To America's LawEnforcementOfficers : THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE ! BlueLivesMat
the people that act like they run the school . juststop
At the beginning of breaks , I'm always like "" I WILL BE SO FIT ! "" Then I'm like ....
very true ! Nothing better than getting a god pay day
Actually pretty bummed that work is over
People with really nice cars literally can't drive
every time I see you on my timeline
RH GIRLS SECTIONAL CHAMPS ! ! ! ! ! I LOVE MY TEAM ! ! ! ! ! GotThatMoneyFam SectionalChamps HardWork
Less than a week until I see him
We're having a slumber party
I love when people send me a picture or video because it reminded them of me
Told Casey it's dm your crush day and she sends me this
you get lighter the more it gets dark
where did they get this footage of me
o meu numa velox de 6mbps no entro ontem nen por milagre e assim msm paciencia msn 2009 e vista temos que passar por isso
vlw pelo falow nen acreditei velho abraos
indico a queridissima siquam eu sigo e recomendo
aff levei bam de password
BrazilmissesDemi BrazilmissesDemi BrazilmissesDemi BrazilmissesDemi BrazilmissesDemi BrazilmissesDemi ajudem no TT
Belchior encontrado , o fantastico o achou hehe
ela nao um boing nen um aviaun uma gfrota inteira huahuahuahuaa
quando tiver um tempo lia
tamo na aquarda do orkutaovivo
96 Game Copies of Risky Rescue Giveaway !
Have you seen this video ?
Win a Xbox One , PS4 or Wii U
Have you seen this video ?
What type of game developer are you ? Find out now ! gamedev indiedev gamersunite
I'm in the running to Win Grand Theft Auto V On Steam . Enter to win here .....
Got a free key on Alienware Arena :
wishin ' i could afford tix to the Third Day concert ! ! !
starting to get confused ...
My flesh may fail , but my God You never will !
[ ' DEGA PRACTICE ] CC : "" How's the car feel ? "" Driver : "" Dunno . I'm still idling in the garage . "" CC : "" Good deal . Shut ' er down .
Eenie , Meenie , Miney , Mo . What a crappy way To end that show . TWD TWDFinale
Raindrops keep Fallin ' on my head by BJ Thomas
Is that fetus Nikki Minaj ? Rio 2016
NASCAR seriously makes me forget to breathe sometime . I love it so damn much .
All we can do is move on to Chicago . Go get ' em next week !
How have I lived my life and not seen the end credit scene of Iron Man . Marvel MCU imdead
Speeding penalty for Greg :(
What a disappointing race weekend . AAATX 500
Theo Pinson goes up .... Theo Pinson throws it DOWN : Give that man an SCTop 10 play !
josh williams is the S % ^ T ! ( spotter ) absolutely amazing
Everyone please help me out and RT !
That wreck was insanely violent . Grass is dumb . Also , another racing ending under caution . facepalm
Why are you being so coy about who shot first ? We all know you have an opinion . * cough * Han * cough *
Why didn't the 55 check up ?
Mom : Don't play with your food . Me : Why ? Mom :
The Nature Made debacle and blessing the fans out at Pocono hurt her a lot in my opinion .
HOLY SHIT ! HOLY SHIT ! HOLY MOTHER FREAKIN SHIT ! That Star Wars trailer !
Virginia just got SCREWED !
I liked a video from Alien Fibers : Morgellons Disease - ABC's Nightline .
I liked a video from Braid Out BRAID HairSpaDay
I'm listening to Love Lost by The Temper Trap on Pandora pandora
You were awesome on NakedAndAfraid ... kind , compassionate and caring ! Great episode ! !
... i had to pull it out by its tail and walk it through the house to the front yard where it almost climbed up my arm ...
I liked a video from Chad "" Money "" Mayweather | GabeBabeTV
I liked a video from Beauty Supply DRAMA ! | GabeBabeTV
I liked a video GIANT SALAMANDER EMERGES FROM RIVER IN JAPAN
Letting go of someone you love is hard , but holding on to someone who doesn't even feel the same is much harder .
I liked a video Rachael Yamagata - Be Be Your Love
I liked a video from Sick & amp ; Shut In ! | GabeBabeTV
I liked a video from JERRY VISITS THE DENTIST - TheLaVigneLife Daily Vlog 208
I liked a video from NICKI MINAJ NOISE ? ! ! ? 304
I liked a video from Baby Tunnel Fun !
I liked a video Make Your Own Beef Jerky ! How to Make Beef Jerky in the Oven
I liked a video Wildbirds & amp ; Peacedrums - Peeling Off The Layers ( Fortitude title music )
I liked a video People Eat Bugs For The First Time
I liked a video The Smashing Pumpkins - Disarm
I liked a video What The N-Word Feels Like
I liked a video from FILMING WITH MOM !
I liked a video Chevelle - Send the Pain Below
I liked a video What Its Really Like To Model Victorias Secret Swimsuits
I liked a video Nectarine Salsa Recipe - Pork Chops with Fresh Nectarine Salsa
I liked a video Irish People Taste Test American Cereals
I liked a video Things Women With Natural Hair Are Tired Of Hearing
I wrote a chapter for the fantastic adventures of Focus 2015 . Write the next !
I liked a video The Strokes - Reptilia
I'm listening to "" Seventeen Years "" by on Pandora pandora
covetfashion And please ... do not try to just delete / clear everything like you did before ...
I liked a video Veggie Burger Telephone Feast Mode Hunger Squad
I'm listening to "" I Turn My Camera On "" by on pandora
I'm listening to "" Bruises "" by on pandora
how do u prefer ur cats ?
I love ur cd because it relates to everyday life ... like the real things we face ... it makes me smile ... and cry ! ! ! ! ! !
Boosie Boo ! Almost home ! ! !
turndownforwheeeetttt ! ! ! ! !
i aint met a bitch yet fuckin wit my pimpin
"" @LickMhii_Tweets : Everybody got that one friend that go out with a straight THOT Truuuu
Can't be said any clearer RT "" @princessssv_ : FUCKING TWEET OF THE YEAR
Happy birthday to me nineteen
Loads strap "" @TimzyHasAnEgo :
Everytime I yawn my eyes water isthatweird
why do niggas be banging in college ! ? like aren't u supposed to be trying to have a better future ! ?
The realest post I've seen in a while
We shutting down Atl at Atlrave Atlrave
AtlRave is the Mf move tomorrow
WetinWhite 2k15 AtriumBash 2K15 - Two SmashGang 21
InfiniteENT got the new weekly turn up on ah Tuesday we at with it for 2 $ twosdays
mark ya Calender's . May 30th bblu 3 going down location coming soon
ladies get on my 2 $ guestlist tomorrow night we at for 2 $ TwosDays
UnCutATL really da move ?
BBLU 3PoolParty BBLU 3PoolParty This saturday poolpartyattheatrium BadBitchesLinkUp may 30th come party with InfiniteEnt
IM deaddd ! ! ! someone said they pullin up in a limo this Saturday to BBLU 3PoolParty PoolPartyAtTheAtrium InfiniteEnt
This couple took the same photo , at the same spot , every season , until .... literally crying now ..
Once we are nothing , there is no going back to something .
TOMORROW pull up the the TRAPHOUSE ! ! Me n my woes will be there InfiniteEnt Quad WelcomeToTheTrapHouse 7.3 . 15
Looks like NightmareAtTheMuseum is the move for Halloween speak if you see me
Bitches out here setting sis up for a stack but forgot about the clothes she gave ha on ha back
Touchdown stands ! Rookie first in the regular season . SaintsGameday | NOvsCAR
Dec 5th ATLANTA IStandWithKeisha Keisha Lance Bottoms for Atlanta MAYOR VOTE VOTE VO
no offense but what the fuck am i doing
* Good Life by One Republic plays in the distance as I open my mailbox to see an envelope full of coupons I'll never use *
But then again sometimes when I have big plans to see an attractive boy I end up breaking out so maybe God is an asshole after all .
my friends are going to hate me because the album is gonna be on repeat for the next 3 months straight
The horrible feeling you get in your stomach when you are speeding and pass a cop is the same feeling I get every time you text me
My boss visited me at work and I dodged evaluation for nearly an hour by pretending I didn't give up veganism after 3 days .
I didn't smoke today and I got an interview tomorrow . Coincidence ? I think not . Checkmate , marijuana addicts .
Last night I danced to Closer by the chainsmokers in an empty gay bar and it was magical
WWU readmitted a convicted rapist after he pleaded guilty & amp ; served only 30 days in jail & amp ; the person that reported is stil
Cool ! No chargers down here yet , but ChargePoint is supposed to install 15 to 20 through the central valley this summer .
Note to needs 58 % of remaining pledged delegates to win the nomination , not the 75 % you're falsely r
"" La Russia "" ? Politics is indeed invading every aspect of our lives ! LOL - sorry , couldn't resist . :)
The Valentine's game is strong today from
Let's be clear : Attorney General Jeff Sessions is an illegitimate AG . He lied under oath to Congress to get confirmed . He shou
Just heard this exchange . - that was pathetic . And it's pronounced "" nuclear "" . You and
They're not watching the news because they no longer have televisions , power , or homes , you fucking dolt .
Great stuff by on CernovichLeaks and why Mike needs to be banned from Please share aroun
2 wrongs don't make a right .
okay ! * jigs *
off on me and pushed me to the ground and broke my phone today
I'm chasing after paper , I became a savage .
awww okayyy welll text me then beautiful
Smh RT @FrescoDee : "" @LoudPack_Smoker : Open gym "" not fucking w it .
Lol she not even tripping of me no more .
I'm guessing you was hating ?
I just read my tweets I'm so funny .
Df wrong with my messages .. other than the fact I'm not getting any , but wtf hahahahaha
"" @GEt_WithIt : I forgot all about Devinnnn :/ "" im used to it lol smh
Twitter slowly taking ova my life
u back at crcp ?
That subway trynna get turnt
Baby whats wrong wit chu ?
Frat niggas fave line is "" who do you know here ? "" opps fucksigep
Devin Forrest can he the truth
Bitch don't act like you don't know .
Wtw I'm not finna be the crib
All that shit I been had
2 hoes on me 2 4z on me
People are in your life for a reason , some for a season . It's important to recognize when people's seasons are over . D ...
To-do list for tomorrow's SES launch .
Wisconsin , today you sent a strong message : when we stand together there is nothing we cannot accomplish . Thank you ! htt
Most recent rocket took max damage , due to v high entry velocity . Will be our life leader for ground tests to confirm others
From what is now known , this was a terrorist act by an ISIS sympathizer . That despicable and barbaric organization must
We ad-libbed one in this morning .
Got an opinion on No Man's Sky yet ?
This week is taking forever , can't wait to get my iPhone 7 Plus on Friday . Apple
America will take the giant leap to Mars by President Barack Obama
Today marks 16 years of continuous human presence onboard space station ! Check out 16 years as told in in 16 gifs :
Oh Jeez ... SouthPark TheMorningAfter
Donate your money to Cards Against Humanity to help them continue to dig this gigantic hole !
One year ago today , the first-ever landing of an orbital-class rocket
"" Everybody can be great , because anybody can serve . "" With Apple volunteers at Stege Elementary in Richmond , California this
It was super cool seeing DreamChaser take flight in
SpaceXs Falcon 9 rocket is being lifted vertical at launch pad 39A . Watch :
No "" Best Cameo "" award Oscars OscarsMistake
Committee discussion on long-duration clothes : Crews are going to be looking for stuff to do while going to Mars , so why n
We're excited to welcome EFT 1 to the NASA Now exhibit at KennedySpaceCenter ! O
We are currently 6.71 % through the Trump Administration . 1363 days remain until January 20 , 2021 . This tweet generated automatically .
Getting Drunk on Wine ( Hot Date )
One of my favorites images ... Apollo 11 leaving Earth for its lunar destination . FourthofJuly
Fish Species Not Seen Since 1960s Thinks It Can Waltz Back Into Marine Biologists Life Just Like That
Reunited and it feels so good ! !
Michelle and I want the to inspire and empower people to change the world . Here's how we're getting start
The Bidens caught up with and Prince Harry before cheering on Team USA today at
Regulatory filings suggest SpaceX plans a previously-unannounced Falcon 9 launch from Florida in November .
When a plane crashes , air travel becomes exponentially safer bc of the lessons learned . But 1 mass shooting after ano
I asked if he was a fan growing up . He said "" I always dreamed of going to as a kid ,
If this isn't prep for a run in 2020 I don't know what is . Hype Biden 2020
I have been on Twitter for 8 years and 4 months ( since 15 Aug 2009 ) . And you ?
Seriously , the sksk keyboardist is a freaky mix of the guy from Winger , Fabio , and a monkey . It's almost too distracting .
Prepare for a bovine blizzard ! :D
Been sickly all weekend , sore throat , alternating between too hot and too cold . I feel like a bad katy perry song . ( Isn't that redundant ? )
you're welcome ! Always glad to cheerlead :D
sweet ! I could use that $ 100
Apparently I don't totally fail as a hairdresser . Just in case my creativity coaching doesn't pan out , I have a backup plan
that's totally crazy ! maybe it really was me ?
I want to say it's nicer like that , but I'm not sure how it'll work for the gbs
Watching Shaun of the Dead in preparation for tomorrow
we were ... now we're driving from Neosho , AR ;-)
What are doing while waiting ? .
Listening to One Direction always brightens my day .
I'm not sure if I'd rather hug David Freese or be hugged by Pete Kozma . Tough call .
- people say we shouldnt be together we're too young to know about forever but I say they dont know what they talk talk talkin about 1D
- if His grace is an ocean , we're all sinking .
I forgot how inconvenient it is to not have my own car . imissmyjeep
I love going to the dentist .
HometownHero ! David Freese smacks a two-run home run to left-center tying the game at 2-2 and extending his hitting streak
If the gospel is not worth dying for , it is not worth living for .
On the bright side of packing everything up for college , this is probably the cleanest my room has ever been .
reppin ' the Cards gear at school today and making all those Reds fans jealous . PostCards
Whenever Christians tell me that war goes against everything the Bible teaches , I'm just like , "" Have you ever even read
I tried to find it to turn it off , but it's somewhere under her covers . I don't know how she can sleep through it !
"" I am an independent black women , I don't need no time keeper ! ""
One Tree Hill is the best show ever
"" I just really love black women . "" - @corrbear
I'm so lucky that I found the man of my dreams so young I get to love him so much longer
. @MattCarp13 does his best Superman impression .
Seriously considering driving 3 hours to Paducah for the CardsCaravan tomorrow . If only I could guarantee my 5 month old would behave ...
$ 500 barrier broken thanks to Check out the campaign !
... I hoard 6 characters ... Just 6 . How have NONE of them come up by now ? ! ?
Finished ! Please ... please let there be a break ...
Praying for Christchurch & surrounding areas ! Thx to I had NO idea , checking news and it's scary ! BE WELL , STAY SAFE in NZ
Of course , Warren freaked out , "" he has to go to the hospital ... He has a concussion . "" I underreacted , "" he's fine . Just a little blood . ""
So hot after all that yard work , the boys are on couch in their underwear ! ! ! They we're big helpers , got it done in only 3 hours !
agreed RT @buckhollywood : Casey Anthony - you are still guilty of being a liar and a slut . FirstDegreeCunt
- Freddy to Velma . Followed by Daphne saying "" Duty before beauty . "" Scooby Doo is more awesome than I remember !
If you can afford to buy a iPhone , Jordans , Tattoos , Cigarettes , and Alcohol ... you don't need f * * king Foodstamps . Get a ...
Happiest boy . Jonny LOVES the dentist ( tooth obsession ) He was thrilled , especially to hear how perfect his hygiene is
( cont ) power-fed ( once a week ) for a month or so . Here's a bad photo of her in her travel / eating crate
EXTREMELY URGENT : disabled ex-military K9 dies if not adopted ; pls
best sleepover ever ! Now the boys have stocked their play kitchen w / real food ( theyre so excited ) , watching movies in the dark & i have wine
nothing compares to a Mother's pain when her babies are in pain ! I sympathize Pet babies are worse , since humans can talk
Chase has screwed me MANY times . I f-ing hate them , time to switch to a credit union ( talking to myself ) !
can't , 2 kids home & husband at work I would totally be milkin it & trying to get people to do stuff for me
Making Christmas lists tonight ( like every night ) and chris wants "" Sparky to be healthy for a really long time ""
It's that time again to VOTE for People's Choice Awards - Favorite TV Comedy Actress . Vote under ' Other ' . htt ...
Starting Nov 14th for every $ 20 u donate to you will get Rescued Greeting Cards featuring William ! h ...
Happy Birthday , ! ! !
It says she was killed 2 hrs ago . I'm heartbroken PLS 4 THIS BABY ! ! DO U KMOW ANYONE
football today was nuts ! All the games went against what I was thinking who would win ... If that makes sense ! Haha
they will never know what true love is What do you tell people who judge you for owning a pitbull ?
chris spells words for Jonny to say like "" c-a-t "" Jonny says "" cat . "" Chris said "" s-t-u-p-i-d "" & Jonny said "" that's easy , it spells YOU ! ""
it's everyone ! thanks for having ur staff member rudely hangup on me when I called to ask u to Stop SOPA & PIPA .
yes . And I've done it to mine Has anyone actually had their parents shove soap in their mouth when they cursed as a kid ? !
wish I could nap , but I have these babies until 5:30 , then wrestling . love it tho to class so I can come home & nap
Philippians 4:6 Do not be anxious about anything , but in every situation , by prayer and petition , with thanksgiving , present your requests to God .
Happy Birthday ! ! !
Did you ever get the feeling that your children are plotting to destroy you ?
Remembering Lennox , please remember all those other dogs that have been , and will be , killed because they are an illegal ...
very busy , but I also always forget about twitter !
Everywhere i go , bitches always know .........
Me toooooo ! ! ! !
I think Voldemort's parents took the "" I got your nose "" game too serious ..
Mr . Krabs should just have his daughter , Pearl eat Plankton . Problem solved .
my self esteem has two levels : im a worthless piece of shit who deserves no love and bow down before me bitches i am your
I'm such a sarcastic bitch its beautiful
"" why don't u trust anyone "" bc people are full of shit and im not trying to let my guard down to get screwed over again
All my classes are canceled tomorrow
Zac Efron and Dave Franco having a tea party on a porch .
how did harry potter get down the hill ? walking jk rowling
So ready to be able to wear my leggings and boots again
TO WIN : Any 2 morphe palettes of your choice ! - follow me so I can DM winner - must follow my IG's : xoMeiZhang & amp ; ShopA
makeup is art , don't fight me on this
: Green Lantern - ( noch ein ) Neuer Trailer
Wer ist Hanna ? ( Review )
The Pirates ! Band of Misfits Trailer
Nike MAG Werbung mit Christopher Lloyd , Kevin Durant und Bill Hader
Rampage The Movie ( plus Pacific Rim )
Batzman meets die Muppets & Jason Segel
Twilight : Breaking Dawn Part 2 Teaser Trailer
P . T . Andersons The Master Neuer Trailer
finn 0 : 250 Films Meme | 102 | The Private Life of Henry VIII ( 1933 ) Pre-Code 12/50
bohenboner : there are people there are gods and then there is tom hanks
Movie Scenes in Lego . Awww ....
G . I . Joe : Jetzt mit NOCH mehr ninjas ! ...
Marvel Phase 2 - Trailer
Mir drhnt es jetzt noch im Kopf von diesem lauten Film : [YouTubeDirektStahlmann] Verwandte Artikel Zack Snyder ...
Finally : R . I . P . True Blood
X-Men : Days Of Future Past - Trailer
Praktikum bei moviepilot in Berlin
Wasting Away 16 Peniswiesel aus der Hlle : FOODFIGHT !
Guardians Of The Galaxy Neuer Trailer
Robert Gwisdek : CIRCUIT ( Kurzfilm )
WASTING AWAY 23 : BIKER BY DAY , NINJA BY NIGHT ( MIAMI CONNECTION , WHO AM I , BIRDMAN )
Ich wrde jetzt keine Wetten setzen wollen , wer was wo gewinnt . Schaut alles sehr ausgeglichen aus : ...
Photo : cadoized : Confirmed
Geschafft . Vorbei ist die Jagd nach Gerechtigkeit , endlich ein Ende des Schreckens , endlich werden die Paneser ...
Wenn du versuchst auf deine Seite zuzugreifen , aber eine unbekannte Fehlermeldung macht dir einen Strich durch ...
yay my bestfriend is over at my house ! and soon danie will be here ! ! ! !
Great night . :) I graduate tomorrow . eeek
Flight number 2 here we go .
middle school kids cussing already . notcute
Just saw a license plate that says beliebr . realfanrightthere
those were the good days . :)
"" Chocolate pot .. what is that ? Yoohoo's street name ? ""
Repping my Mavericks Volleyball shirt today for :)
it's a bestfriend thing .
I have no motivation today . rainyday
My cousin is a star
I miss you chick !
My apartment is disgusting .
Finally got to play some basketball at the y . ballin notreally
yay ! ! ! ! ! !
Why is it so hard for everyone to get along lol ?
Listening to on my break .
In search of : my friend Let me know if you see her . K thanks bye .
Garrick took me on a late Vday date to P . F . Chang's . Our 4 course meal of delicious included : Soup .
it was pretty entertaining .
Friends who shoot together stay together ..... right ? ! soulmates saturdayfuntime
"" Kim Bailey was trying to go for the ball but the ball hit the ground too quickly . "" - the girl commentating the game . dumb wow goodone
Wedding squad . paigeandrossarecool welikebeer fairbury fancy
I need a job where I don't work weekends . overit
dear qa dept ; No test data in the production system . Haha !
my bloody valentine : perfect rainy day music
- Starving cat ! ( not )
Dispatch Franklin Ave : Was going to catch shuttle bus into city but hearing they're jam-packed & amp ; gridlocked on br ...
After a long day of rehearsal , I like to come home , relax , and eat everything in the kitchen as fast as I can .
Your Hair is SOOO Gorgeous ! ! ! I wanna do this now ! ! ! ! I it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! $ lol :) Thx $
YOU ARE SOO CRAZZY N THAT'S WHY I LOVE YOU . HOPE 2 SEE ANOTHER SEASON OF YOUR REALITY SHOW
Yesss ! ! Ur on Twitter ! ! I luv QueenB ! The ORIGINAL Barbie ! ! ! HOPE U FOLLOW ME BOO ! ! XoXo
I wish I knew ? ? But next time I'm in Philly let's have philly cheese steak sandwich :-)
can u please get n touch wit me ! I have a paying job of Ur interested ! ! ! If ne1 know her or c dis msg can u tell her . Thanx ! ! !
Is it true that U was suppose casted 2b on Tiny & Toya Show . But there was a change n plans ? ?
I jus wanted 2 tell U I adore u so much ! U r a true Women & have a beautiful spirit . U don't act "" Hollywood "" & I admire that
USTREAM , ISTREAM , WE ALL SCREAM 4 USTREAM ! ! ! ! Feb . 3rd ! ! ! ! & Don't 4Get ! ! ! She has Something Special 4 Us Fans / Followers hyped
At work & I cant stop singing "" Dale mami ven aqui da dale papi ven aqui da dale mami "" dis song got me dancing non stop NoBull
WBCTrends Check pic of of Love & Hip Hop rock the W . B . C . Chain ! ...
U should shit on dem dirty ass sweat pants !
Keep em coming they're funny ! & they make fun of us ! If you're white n u get offended by my jokes ur a sensitive bitch
"" Go For It "" is in theaters NOW ! Check here for showtimes and listings near you - :)
CLUB PROMOTERS bring LoveAndHipHop Somaya Reece to ur city . Email "" MMG "" Calvin @lavistafirm . com
I love how talks to her twit fans like they're her homies ... lol
ChrisBrownPickupLines "" Hi , would u like to see I-I-I mean hear Chris Browns greatest hits ""
Stevie J is a motherFuc * ing pimp , but scrappy is about to put the "" paws "" on tha nigga ! LHHATL
please have n on the show 2 get down 2 the bottom of the situation ( if u watch LHHATL )
who told u u look cute with your hair combed straight back ..... smdh . Negative
does Tracey Morgan count as successful ? He is so bad he makes a great show like 30 Rock hard to watch , now he's polluting movies
No run support for Travis Wood AGAIN ( so far , only through 4 ) . Come on , guys , get the kid a win .
2nd most influential person on twitter means millions hang on to my words and my actions ! Well hang on to this , I LOVE all ...
This series sums up Reds season . + 4 run differential . 1-2 . Sigh .
Thanks a ton btw !
Too dark for Gumballhead . Alpha King maybe ? Maybe still too dark but not sure what else they'd have in C-bus . You had Dark Lord ?
"" not an outlet regarded for journalistic standards , "" says BOSTON GLOBE , which ran stories like h ...
Name another issue where govt policy has been more out of touch with the public will than on and ?
Agree , but what prompted this ? Pic of worst 1/1 contest ? ! ? !
Fewer coaches . You write for a living and have 18k followers . Please set a good example .
F QMB 3200 HatingLife DefinitelyFailed
lol omg you're way too sketchy
So beyond stressed out help
Boobytrap backwards is partyboob . Carry on .
oh my god I need that
Whatever happened to the Ying Yang Twins though ?
omg I love Five Guys ! ! !
Date function in a week and no idea who to ask ... start submitting your applications , boys TheStruggleIsReal
Ladies : you don't have to act / tweet dramatically for attention or to make people feel bad for you . iCanSubtweetToo
How many virginities has taken in TheVan
In the words of I could dabble .
idk where that is ! I've never been to pcb before
Spotted : guy in backwards visor auburn
are you an alien ...... omg
Why can't all boys be this great takelessonseveryone bestiesforev ily
"" Nobody likes you when you're 23 . "" How about them 23 wins doe ? ? ? ? NoleNation
you better be rooting for us !
if you're having an awful Monday , enjoy this picture of how ugly I used to be & amp ; remember that everything gets better
Catherine saw at Busch gardens and he has security with him . RLY .............
* wins 59-16 * * drops a spot in the AP polls * fsuprobz
"" It must be jelly , cuz jam don't shake like that boo "" - black girl to breezy after riding mechanical bull
My mom sent me what she thought was a praying hands emoji . It was the nose emoji . And she has sent it to other people too . parents
This might be the single worst elite daily post ever but ayyyeee I made it . Thanks
how long have you been planning this tweet
lol Sharon yah wheres old Webster at ...
I just ask is lock up Cheryl knows where key is ha
you building snowmen up there yet ha ... hope yall are doing well ..
w / Wally & amp ; the Beaver ha ... yall have a great day to
here comes Katy Perry lets do this show ...
yes Happy HumpDay and have another fun night bowling sweet lady ...
lmaoooooo help June im dying over here ...
but as said to some one here earlier w have a lot high ..
it was horrible there polices are falling apart all over the globe ...
lmao prune hey u just need iron a few things out ...
what a POS special place in hell for him ...
yah those ' parents ' outta be ashamed I doubt their kids are perfect .... have great evening
nope not drunk well not yet anyway ....
yah yah lol I have seen what YOU keep in your trunk remember .... haha
wheres the vodka girl lol I know she'll need 1 ha
told ya pound it to Frank come on ...
Have a Terrific Thursday Everybody ! ! ! !
Have a Terrific Thursday Yall ! ! ! !
1/2 oz gin 1/2 oz vodka 1/2 oz coconut rum 1/2 oz peach schnapps 1/4 oz triple sec
Our Military Working Dogs are more than man's best friend . They're heroes . NationalDogDay
Thx Bill have great wkend yall
well well even though U were naughty what goodies did santa bring ya hot lips ....
In remembrance and honor of all who served . We are forevergrateful for your service to this country . MemorialDay
no way RollTide by least 4
oh boy packers neede that better get a TD
should be a great 2nd half packers going to need 35 + points to win this though
as the saying goes thrill of victory and agony of degeat great game
The two words you've been waiting to hear : It's . Gameday . DENvsCHI
Back to work . Time to fix the mistakes . It's RaidersWeek .
RollTide no title this year what a horrible game in all 3 phases smh
Teamwork divides the effort & multiplies the effect . - Unknown
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart . - Robert Green Ingersoll reapifyoufaintnot
Our willingness to give means far more to God than the amount of our offering . - Gloria
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Phil Minion Pop !
I told the crowd in San Antonio that there arent many paths to Godonly one , Jesus Christ . DecisionTexas
look kfc , if i wanted chicken without bones , i'd get chicken nuggets .
a letter though ? he couldn't even deal with the instant response potential of a text message ?
thanks for retweeting ! i really appreciate it !
Are twitter packs considered "" inserts "" packs ?
good sleeping wx . Will you have widespread severe .
enjoying Father's Day ! Baseball bunt and the family !
he comes out in an hour
retweet that shit , trying to get a following
got my first Felix .
just need a brawl now , Lester hit solarte pay back coming
curious how many pts scored from your Felix boost sig .
cueto has always been a little fragile , just needs to miss a start
going back to bed . If you see any big offers for Felix out there let me know .
how vulnerable is the coast to surge ? Would think high due to slope of shore line .
What in the name of FC Suzuki is going on
can feel the winter walls closing in more and more each day
from the 7th inning on you guys are going to be tough . Setting things up like the new nasty boys .
looking forward to being in the DGZ tonight .
nice picture . Been focused on Ohio valley haven't paid much attention up stream . Where's that headed ?
MLB Daily Trivia 3/11 / 15 Who are the only two players with at least 20 home runs in each of the last 11 seasons ?
MLB Daily Trivia 4/28 / 15 Which LAD pitcher started Bryce Harper's debut and gave up his first hit ?
very impressive . Corn crops acting like a giant wick transporting moisture
yea . Agree . I'm sure the guy hasn't done anything to anybody , but just try to enjoy the app .
yeah he's full of tell alls
might as well give a preview then .
I was wondering if Batavia still had this type of tornado siren located main st / south 4th st ? Thanks .
seriously , did you think I would pick a different card ?
no using dirty language on twitter
irma nearly stationary , just looped 200 sat-pix & amp ; it looped sw & amp ; now stalled notfakenews btw climatechange is REAL SCIE
KIND - Precipitation Depiction 1:27 PM EST inwx . Looking like plenty of fuel to get these super ells going .
ok i think ima leave my avi now
ik everybody says they're funny but i'm actually funny as hell fr
lmfaooo maybe she don't wanna talk
Theres no way she's acting this is so genuine i feel for her so much
with your eyes closed and everything
why don't they have flamin hot ruffles ?
God made some beautiful people wow
i thought that was drake this whole time
umm excuse me you're cute af
LMFAO send them to me you ungrateful
iphone 7 + ' s charge sooooo slow
every time i hear him it makes me wanna listen to h . e . r so i never get past it
pink moscato is the shit
prayforhouston we gone pray instead of worry
a product of her auntie
shes cut from the finest cloth
cooking today , clearly this is a special event
this is why its important to experience Gods love first , a truly unconditional love , love should not feel like a chore
me .. can you focus on .. me ?
i see thickness in my future
Nice to see you have reason to tweet again ...
Wind rain or cold your choice southbendweather
Links to Upworthy ? you can do better than that
The one who stayed with his mom in NY while his dad moved to DC ? Gotta be Buster right ?
the kids are already asking what time are the Saneholtz's coming over
at least you were sleeping
your mom said you were
With at the Moose for our anniversary dinner
OHSAA FOOTBALL : Coldwater ( D-V ) & amp ; Marion Local ( D-VII ) to represent in finals . MAC now 35-14 all-time in
because what I did see of him I geninuely hated . We found out he was a monster through what other people said for the most part which I
Yes . They apparently wrote on their website saying that they would do so .
I do get the worry that a wedding would overshadow Clark becoming though with how the proposal was handled , I don't think that
I just realized that the guy in the pool hall on Living Single is the same guy from the Fresh prince that was the stupid EMT & park ranger .
Were Sparling's previous episodes really that bad that the idea that could write the reveal in Isis and Icarus really that hard to believe .
events in the news . I still would have thought it silly , but at least we would have some warning .
regarding Cless at all . So assuming it will happen and threatening to boycott the episode seems a bit silly right now .
True . I don't do the fandom thing for most of the other shows I watch & I tend to enjoy those shows a lot more .
managed to do that without putting them together .
really want that for the for the last episode .
into a lot of trouble especially if something happens to the person you just threatened .
Really ? People actually think the reason we haven't gotten sexy Clois is because of Erica's husband . That's just silly .
I can't say I find a murder that participate in incest sexier than a guy that geniunely wants to help people & is committed to one woman .
since its only been 2 days the warranty on their work is still good . hopefully its not something too series .
Is PayPal having any trouble because the payment I was supposed to receive instantly hasn't come yet & its been 4 hours .
I still have to question why steamy was used to describe the Tess / CL when she looked terrified the entire time .
People don't want Tess at the wedding because of what happened in Luthor & Kent .
I just thought it was funny that music they were bashing is stuff they're walking around singing as if its brand new .
as a good character because the changes she's gone through since her debut on the show .
I've been trying to stay away from junk , but I broke down and bought a ton of candy when I went to pick up my Chinese food .
I like what they had to say about spoilers leaking because it really is true especially with the SV fandom .
It seems like the people with this POV are only fans of Lex and as a result it being done to help Clark doesn't matter to them .
Also why the hell was Chloe such a fan favorite for fandom and the media the first few seasons . I will never never understand that at all .
If they wanted to pair her with Nick , they could have done without the wedding . I'd still be pissed , but at least it wouldn't be adultery .
Is another CInderella Story movie really necessary . I'll admit that I enjoyed the first film , but that should have been the end of it .
I really hate that anytime people are upset with a female character she always gets called a "" whore "" or "" bitch "" .
The Scrubs stuff is really great and that's going to make me an even bigger wreck once Robin is gone .
I hate that it looks like Patrick & amp ; Elizabeth will eventually hookup . I'm still mad at Robin for making that suggestion a few months ago .
I might understand why Kristina is so angry about Yale if she had been flat out rejected but she got the waiting list .
lol at Jason & amp ; Sam acting like they're still in junior high / high school . I'm glad everything is out in the open though . GH
To see them together . Plus it would bring some soap drama once Jason & amp ; Robin come back and they find out Duke was involved w / their "" deaths ""
Ugh at that Juror saying that bastard's heart was in the right place .
we all lose our cool john
Yay 1 week till my birthday ! ! ! ! ! happy
every since TheToothFairy came out and journey 2 , my boyfriend has been doing the peck dance .
Must have an ass for a face cause all I hear is crap coming out his mouth AssFace
Those are impressive suspenders . HardcorePawn
heres another lightning pic from Edgar :) my best 1 yet I have another
can you send me a link ?
Wouldn't Smores be yummy as a chip ? Submit your own idea now ! DoUsAFlavor See Rules .
I'm a very loyal fan , I can taste the difference between generic and authentic
I had a great day at the gym . I hit a personal best on my lifting then ran for 50 minutes on the treadmill Powerlifting
I was lucky enough to take this with my phone last night
I've learned to never take a remote for my Snuggles
I may live in Wisconsin but I love my It does not matter where you live , it matters where your heart is . is in Dallas
what in God's name did you charged me twice for this month , if that $ 5 a year for students is over I want my account cancelled
Check out this item I found on eBay :
I just earned 4 Points from searching the web via
GetWellSoonHinch Hope you are a little stronger than yesterday Mayor !
Im starting to get a big stockpile of race worn visors . If this gets 250 RTs I will give away 10 visors to some fans . Let
Looking forward to trying your product . Welcome to NASCAR !
No , but I am having a shake i drank was 3 months expired and I am really sick now day .
I just earned 4 Points from searching the web via
No . 41 crew chief is having a birthday today . Retweet to help us wish Tony a very happy birthday !
ON BABY COUNTDOWN ! NEW GRANDBABY TODAY-FINGERS CROSSED ! ! LET'S GO ILENA ! !
I just earned 4 Points from searching the web . instagc
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Toy Tokyo exclusive 6 "" Godzilla Pop !
When I hit 81k followers we will do another GRFanGiveaway ! Lets keep it rolling .
Yeah you were pretty good . You still owe me 100 as well !
for a chance to win NASCARHeat Evolution signed by Winner picked 9/24 . ( Rules :
Make your home safe , warm and ready for winter weather with this list of helpful tips .
Always great to see u Catch u at the sky club RVD
Blog page , rapperz header , the cherry bomb bottle ?
After i get inside , my turn
When you receive your order , look on the bottom of the syrup bottles or somewhere stuck to the labels for a green or golden
Always on , need something good today
Nope not drunk , just tired lol
We pay $ 15k a year to have our review system on our site to give the credibility we deserve from real customers . What other
Good fighting tonight RT + Follow = enter to win signed pennant ! Bommarito 500
Thinking about buying Cloud N9ne Brain Booster ( 10mg CBD per capsule - 40mg CBD p via
There's a new SwagCode out ! It's worth 10 SBs and expires at 02:00 PM PDT . Get it here :
Hopefully next year ! Love ya we are big fans !
TO WIN ANY choker ! ! These are just some of the ones I have :) Must be following me to win xoxox
Good morning Joe and everyone
Feeling like a real musicologist here at downtown Chicago public library archives
Didn't take pics of booth visitors , so here's a collage of some of the most random things that end up here boothtweet
College pastor back in the booth with the unidentified young male ... and look ! There's littledrummerboy too !
Mr . John Doe and The Sadie's ladies and gentlemen yr15
God takes the train to work too Lovely photo essay bout South Africa's transit churches - ( via ...
Let's just say its good we've all grown :)
Are you burning the candle at both ends ? Here are 13 signs that you need to give yourself a break .
Uh , I leave for ONE week & amp ; no one posts a boothtweet comeon
How about these guys , too ? ! ? AND it's LJJ's long-awaited return & amp ; Helper Elf's 2nd to last Sunday
Well , my time at the top was fun but I'm still on target for my goal tryingtonotbelast
Yup . As if weeping through the last chunk of the book wasn't enough I just teared up watching the trailer ...
Why George Strait's farewell tour is the closest thing to a classic Western ending
And now the sky is falling in Athens ... I'm sure it's bc everyone's sad the cats lost rainrain gocats
Back to Chicago ( plus , a random guy discounts my research ! )
So 20th anniversary compilation announcement can be the concluding chapter of the dissertation , right ?
Intentionally chose sensible shoes for travel today oldlady
Almost showtime ! BelkBowl GoDawgs
I'm an adjunct , and I'm finding that it's a lot harder to teach well in isolation . NAWD
Mom called to check on me & amp ; told me she had to stop watching & amp ; play piano for a little while towards the end coping truestory gocats bbn
I shake my fist at the Whitehall Rd closing . Here's to the last Sunday of getting to church in under
5 Practical Ways You Can Help Refugees refugeeswelcome
Watch this splendid mini-documentary about and Scotland tour and the album that resulted :
Such a crappy way to lose
Oh man , good pedal steel makes everything better - even Robbie . Killin ' it with some Austin
Just chillin ' between services for today's not-in-the-booth boothtweet likefatherlikeson
UK Athletics approves this message . BBN
Having to look at that awful orange & amp ; a stressful game ? Can magically appear at my house ? It would help gocats bbn
Halftime lead ? Will definitely take that gocats
Today's plan : watch college football & amp ; catch up on grading / work for classes . 1/2 of this plan working out great , other 1/2 not so much
Stop me if you've heard these before : KY fball loses heartbreaker & amp ; I choose to read fiction instead of working groundhogday beginagain
could drop a tape w / 75 tracks on it , & amp ; bet you wouldn't skip through a single one ! Best in the south right now ! RunIt ! !
I'll always give my all for you .
When you get to round 45 on zombies and you are the only one alive
my interest for you is real
This may be the best thing that's ever happened to me
take four years of spanish so you can speak spanish at a 3 year old level
God's promises are like the stars ... RenewUS PJNET
i love this and its so on point ...
Doesn't matter if we together or you w / someone else , if you need me I'm here for you .
I'm so happy with my life right now and nothing can get in the way of that
When she ask you what that mouf do
my only relationship goal is to be with someone who motivates me to become a better person and show me the potential I don't
. @GirlsWhoCode taught 10,000 young women how to code in 2015 WomenInSTEM
Worst feeling is feeling like you're not good enough
I still fall for you everyday thank you for an amazing night .
Here's a little something I had to say for after the murders of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile .
WHO IS THIS WOMAN AND WHY ISN'T SHE MY BEST FRIEND YET ? ! ? Hillary 2016 DonaldTrump DemsInPhilly
you know the nap was good when you wake up thinking it's the next day and you missed school boy
i really try to get to know boys but 5 texts in i'm super uninterested
ima good girl but I'd do bad things with you
You don't deserve someone like me
I appreciate every single person I consider my friend , love all y'all
make sure you see something truly wonderful before you die
me when im making tacos home alone
Does it translate today ? No . Are there exceptions ? Yes . But give me a good FPS that immerses me . Better than hitting a button .
gah .... always missing these by 10-15 mins . You're not very friendly to a father with little kids . :)
not sure how serious u are , but in the realm of near and plausible , why not guild / friend wide reputation in an mmo ?
agreed . Also when did reporting on the NFL turn into TMZ ? PerezFlorio.com ? :)
Matt Holiday would have screamed at Furcal to try and field that ball .
could the reason Dwight waived his opt out be that he's convinced Deron to come to Orlando next year ?
I should tell u my story from yesterday . Talked with Dan Hesse's "" office "" about my complaints . They said thanks for ..
sounds like Vick when he started though RG3 is better in pocket
i don't want to sound alarmist but I don't know if I like how this series shakes out if Cards lose tonight .
it's not the OS as much as it is the marketing model . it's the same issue with cell phone and carriers .
what an emotional 180 this game just took
But for how long ? How confident can we be that after 2-3 years , he'll still be providing value relative to his contract ? IDK
Let's solve the mystery behind DMKHalloween in DisneyMagicKingdoms !
Their model is a reflection of the US currently . They have a huge
I've harvested 60 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 775 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 9,580 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I have discovered a new territory in The Tribez ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Flintstones : Bring Back Bedrock .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Patriots .
I've harvested 771 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 1,045 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 440 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 1,960 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 5,767 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Flintstones : Bring Back Bedrock .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Family Feud 2 Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Price is Right Bingo .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Dragons : Rise of Berk Android .
The Kingdom's citizens are happy to have Lumbermans Hut ! Try to build it too ! android , #androidgames , #gameins ...
The Kingdom's citizens are happy to have Independence Day Outpost ! Try to build it too ! android , #androidgames ...
Abandoned Wizards Tower has been explored . Are you able to reach it too ? android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Price is Right Bingo .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Price is Right Bingo .
If I have 10 ice cubes and you have 11 apples how many pancakes can fit on the roof ? Purple . Because aliens dont wear hats
Did I like dummy another to it show retard a like this read to trying time sweet ur took you since . ( now read it backward ...
i absolutely hate the wonder pets due to the restarted duck learntotalk
Damn i could use some breakfast
Flipping your fins you don't get too far . Legs are required for jumping dancing strolling along down the ... whadya call it ? Street
= gorg brunette who enjoys The Walking Dead + other wonderful things , Bday shout out plz , dearest
Is it unhealthy to be jealous of my sister's fearlessness ? I know she's only 8 , but that girl is so bold cool and fabulous ...
and I are heading to Subway with this prime 5 dolla bill we found . thankyoubasedgod
( 402 ): I'm wearing spiderman underwear , the question is what am I NOT capable of
i have eaten all my chocolate pretzels and now i give up on life
My life would be complete only if I had a pet pig favorite
The guy in High School Musical who said "" I play the cello "" was arrested for robbing a pizza place at gunpoint
Is my relationship about to be put to the test this weekend ? Bring it on , SDCC
what lipstick is this ?
Team ! I think I'm in love with her Slay a bit for putting that family in their place . ByeKhloe DontPanic
Just one sip ? SnowWhite
Shop my closet on My username is sea_foams . Join with code JDYCU for a $ 10 credit ! poshmark
Lemonade has been the definitive body of work of the past year . Thank you Bey for what you did for the culture . For wom
MeToo because I was violated at a sleepover by my best friend's father . I laid awake all night in terror .
Scared to go to bed early because I might wake up in the middle of the night and have to pee . Don't know why that's scary but ugh .
I've reached that point in my life where I go to bed early so I can eat breakfast sooner .
Blaring Metallica and using a hot pink highlighter .
1974 : President Ford pardons Richard Nixon for crimes committed while in office . ThisDayInHistory scandalous
Somebody bring Wolf Blitzer a shot of whiskey . GOPDebate
That one had me intrigued . Did he drink himself into a comatose state ? Or maybe he got into a headbutting fight with a goat ?
Ponder just made a huge mistake that probably cost item FSU game
George P Bush has put off his political career for his duties with the Navy . What is this world coming to , P needs to step his game up .
Mary jane on spiderman . "" You can never get off when you never got on , Peter . "" Giggity giggity
( 2/2 ) but sorry vikings . The saints are still in the superbowl in a game decided by bad ref calls .
Should have known better than to try to drive home . Just passed dearborn and already have a turtlehead pokin out .
I might be the first man to die twice running through traffic to die twice . All for a summer shandy
emotions are gross how do i uninstall them
What do you say when a little kid asks if the Easter bunny is real
They wanna be like us sooooooo bad ! lol
Why are there always spiders crawling on my car
Going to finish packing .
my hair is going to hate me but I think I just might ..
Warriors ! If you missed the show at Mercury Lounge yesterday I put the full thing up right here :
This is our time of rebirth . YouRuinMe
I need to publicly wish a Happy Birthday somewhere so everyone knows that I love her bunches !
Next week is going to be the ! Hasta la vista depressive rut , you are about to get yourself evicted .
did you give up with the lyric leak ? I know people leaked the track list before you could finish but ..
Today , be the person Dembe believes you can be . TheBlacklist
Stuck with a laptop with terrible screen coloration and I just want to get rid of it and get one with a nice screen like my old one .
hope you enjoyed your dinner and apparently mine too on top of it . there's really no reason for someone to have to eat THAT much .
I actually dread my doctors appointments because I know I'm not going to get any help anyway and it's just a waste of a copay .
Chicago Med ? You mean taking away from The Night Shift that is already on the channel ? Hmm .
I've had chronic ocular migraines since I was 11 & amp ; I've never been given a proper explanation just a take a pill & amp ; good luck .
2 years ago today when I actually woke up in Vegas . ( no glitter was on my clothes ) underaged
Theme update in honor of the upcoming Smoke Season summer tour ! ( http://t.co / gkLZPpZUIF ) Tickets / Cities / Dates - > htt
My hair almost made it blonde again ... I think not . pink
It is year 2015 and I still have a big fat crush on Adrien Brody . Emmys
Taking all the pink selfies I can before this color wears out permanently . pastelpink pinkhair
It's a curl into the fetal position and don't move an inch kind of day . pain
No matter where I go or who I cross paths w . I ALWAYS get the same question "" Whats wrong with your voice ? "" This is how I sound yo . Sjogrens
using the song that has motivated me to fight through it all every day . You don't know how deep this one goes for me .
"" But we'll never move mountains by getting our hands in our face . ""
I'm an adult who refuses to accept my adultness . FindingDory time !
I 7.28 . 15 Smoke Season TBT roughtrade brooklyn NY tour duo bands indie music
Tonight marks the start of all of my shows coming back on !
I almost don't want to wait until Christmas to put these new collars on my cats .. no human should be this excited . hipstercats
Every time I get a haircut more hair comes off than what I had intended .. I'm back to above my shoulders .
Today means I can FINALLY finish OITNB S5 .
* packs 2 days in advanced due to anxiety then unpacks entirely and repacks same stuff an hour before leaving because of anxiety *
Estamos no vero mas no sinto muito calor .. What a Fuck ! ? ! ? !
no nada disso , apenas no tenho po ! deixa l come as torradas szinho ..
From rain boots to puffer jackets , an adventurous selection of burberrygifts for boys ...
no desesperes , em breve acaba !
no fazer exerccio , escrever q o val negativo no viavel e se for positivo , e ainda fazer uma dr no enunciado deu 11 .. como ? no sei
Marco Silva , treinador do Sporting : "" Grande jogo , grande intensidade , grande ambio e grande injustia ""
Para ela o melhor deve ser ficar em casa sem fazer nenhum !
You can be anything you want in life if you just twerk really hard at it .
I would love to see Zac Brown Band in concert
Is it a full moon or something ? ? ? ?
I've got everything I'm askin for butchuuuu
Whaaaat did he say ? ! ! ? ? ? TheBachelor
April Fools really sucks when your gullible
I eat wayyyyyy to much sushi
Soo much stress off my shoulders getting that chem done . finally
Can't wait to get my hair done todayyyy blackonblack
anything else that can go wrong this week please get it done and over with .
taking off makeup aka watching yourself go from a strong 5 to pushing a 2
Feel like I'm 13 again crushing on ck
Is it even possible to log off Pinterest ?
Don't worrrrrryyy bout a thing
Crazy how we can feel so much happiness from just one person .
I love life ! ! ! ! ! birthdayweek letsgo
such a nice day to be working a 9 hour day
been obsessed w lately ...
Hot yoga with Syd yewww
idc what anyone says kanye's new album is fire
I never realize how much I love being home until I've been somewhere else for a while .
The best lunch is an acai bowl
Teaching yoga brings me so much happiness , I love sharing my passion with others
I love working with the elderly
Ja isto , samo ne u svojoj . Bonus + + + .
"" @karmakucka : Call me "" maybe .
I liked a video from Alkaline Trio - "" I Wanna Be A Warhol ""
> click and discover > no need to log in
Italiaaa ! ! ! ! 1
Obeanje odrano , sam hotel re .
Perem sue i gulim krumpir i to sve samo u gaama .
Happy connecting ! x ]
We are ready for a 14 hours long train ride back to Croatia !
11 % Of Americans think HTML is a Sexually TransmittedDisease .
Im ready for Windows 10 . Are you ? Wear the badge and show the love .
Dave Mirra , BMX Superstar and Former MTV Host , Dies of Apparent Suicide
No Parents ! ( OFFENSIVE ) via
It's great ! This one covers all of my Windows 10 development questions and tutorials I have searched for before . 19 % so far !
Because they're usually all messed up there .
I will convert your website to Windows app , publish to Windows Store for $ 5 on Fiverr
It's time for a costume change . Dress up your desktop and hit the Design Lab .
I got Smartwatch for my birthday and It's great ! Only bad thing about it is that it does not run
Get info about accessibility across Microsoft platforms & amp ; products in the Accessibility Developer Hub :
Newsflash : Phone will NEVER replace camera !
Hey what about Phone ?
App Stores ? They all run most used apps . Both of them .
Wish you could go back in time and fix your code in WinDbg Preview ? Now you can !
I am confused , is it or ? It was just "" Store "" update ago .
I think you misspelled "" Satan ""
In his Memory today my profile pic is of one of my biggest fans , Brian Bluhm who was a victim of the Virginia Tech tragedy ...
PHOTO : JusticeForTrayvon protest in NYC's Times Square .
Best of luck today !
I think that every time someone mentions Albania !
UnionsWORK ! Strong unions create an economy that works for all of us . Learn more at 1u ...
Read this and then go give someone you love a hug .
Kaylas humanity , generosity , idealism will endure long after barbarity of ISIL is defeated . Praying for Carl , Marsha , Eric
it's great ... maybe they should look at it . Preseason for the refs too I guess . That wasn't all that close
This is eerily like Indy . Good when things are good , but when things go bad , unable to adjust to get things back on track
ALERT : Join our FlintWaterCrisis Rally at Snyder's State of the State , 5:30- 7:30 pm Tuesday in Lansing MISOTS
It's a silly argument , but both were struggling before getting the day off . How does that refute saying never sit someone hot ?
In 2000 I voted for Ralph Nader . Felt real good about myself for 20 minutes , then real shitty for the next 8 years . Don't
Jake Tapper Deftly Hits Back After Trump Tweets CNNs Ratings Are Tanking and in Total Meltdown | Mediaite
Well , interns running the official prez account get it . Nothing from his account of course . That's just 4 lies abt media
IMPORTANT : If you are awaiting rescue , hang a towel or sheet prominently so we can find you . Adresses are hard to spot . har
because he was out of bounds as he stretched ?
Dear This is the port in my chest where my life-saving medications are infused once a month . The AC
So I heard that you were giving out a free V . I . P pass and I would give anything for it . I am one of millions but I love you .
mythoughtsduringschool "" I wonder is is watching Harry Potter .... "" "" I wonder is is a nandos .... "" Hmmmmm
Stop making me like you . Gosh your one of my best guy friends .
is it sad I am more in love with a song then I am with life right now ? I love your fair-weather fans . obsessed
GNO Radio is officially LIVE ! ! ! HorrorRadio GNORadio
The Trailer for the ' Halloween ' Re-Release
I just won 9 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
I just won 7 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
One more time in case you missed it yesterday :
I just won 7 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
We have had 2,658 votes of all the categories combined so far on the H-P Music Awards and still counting . This ...
I'm sorry big brother I couldn't leave you as a walker .
' Tales From Beyond The Pale ' Introduces ' The Listening Room ' :
Ghouls Night Out Presents : HORROR PROM :
Sample clip of ' Run For Your Life ' from upcoming album ' DOYLE II : As We Die ' : ~
Eagles tribute night . Lula lees Baldwyn , Ms
Ronda is changing the way the world looks at women in sport . Share your story with us using RouseyRevolution !
Last flight of Blue Angel that crashed in Tn . Jeff Kuss
My fitbit Fitstats_en_US for 9/29 / 2016 : 12,738 steps and 5.3 miles traveled .
jacked ref takes NO . DAYS . OFF . nationalchampionship Clemson Alabama
HAPPENING NOW : SUV drives through Huddle House in Booneville > > | wtva 9news
when is appearence on Drop Dead Diva ? wantingtoseeit
Ugh not a good day ... at home sick and miserable
Mothers supervising this madness xD goodtimes dontplaywiththecookiedough homemadecookies cowdoodoo
Sandy said that to master Karate , I need to chop wood and carry water . So far Ive only managed to chop water .
To all lobsters at red lobster , You do not know your doom . shrimplover crablover lobsterdisgustsme
IF UR A NIALL / NARRY / LARRY GIRL TO BE ADDED TO MY LIST ITS EXTRA EXCLUSIVE
niall date me i wouldn't reject you
Please be safe today guys ! we don't want anyone getting hurt on the streets ! Please just listen to the police or securi
What an amazing year of touring it's been ! ! Incredible experience for us ! Thank you so much for making this happen ..
Hello weekend How to make homemade glowsticks
When jeans are too long ShortGirlProblems
The best anniversary gift ever
The last thing I want you to be , is someone else's .
Me now that Halloween is over
every time kate winslet looks in the general direction of leo i gain 15 years of life and am 10000000000 dollars richer
how my Internet addiction started
the new Instagram logo looks like a rejected starburst flavor
How I clean my room : start at one corner find something from 5 years ago and stare at it nostalgically for 10 hours go t
This will brighten your day
i either reply right away or forget completely
i'm such a "" wait don't get out of the car yet , this is a good song "" type of person
God , guys , last three minutes to decide the title . Please Heels . Please .
Banksy needs to get owned by more elderly people
Texas police probing report man yelled racial slur , fired at office of black sheriff candidate .
This has been stuck in my head for 3 days .
LAX thoughts : 1 . Where us the normal food 2 . There should be more bathrooms
I'm sitting in a rocking chair watching hockey . It rules .
I'm having a weird one today .
Ima try to get my sangha on tonight
Stefan gets paid by hyundai
if I'm going to wear shorts ( a child's garment ) I might as well fully embrace it
The confiscated a loaded 3D - printed revolver because people are terrifying
i tried the cold brew , it is acceptable
"" the gunman's weapon was not immediately found in a follow-up investigation ""
v different or is it more subtle ?
I guess launched is wrong , but i just think of him as the happy days guy
This moment on is really something . Just watch
he has been calling the cat "" little puppy "" recently
How can vine be dead if this clip is forever ?
clearly we need more research
Folks , I was bad at music this year . Gimme sound good / weird / loud or whatever stuff to listen to
Mad Max : Fury Road ( 2015 )
The last 24 hours , let alone the past month , have been fucking crazy personally and politically
This whole thing is a conspiracy to get SNL ratings
I will murder anyone that uses the emoji but won't crowdkill when a band covers straight edge revenge
Target will continue to employ bad managers + treat the rank and file like shit but people will feel better shopping with $ 15 / hr promise ...
I'm at the doctor , It's raining , and I'm in extreme pain .. socold hurryup
A much better sober pic :p
Just remembered to email my honors events . finals UNAhonors busyprobs
All these pictures of the beach are making me sooo jealous . mississippispringbreak jealous thebeachismysoulmate
i miss Come back into my life bestfriend callmesometime
Bring me pizza or taco bell and i will be forever indebted to you latenighthunger
is the mayor of Twerk Town . Just so you guys know .
Have I studied for this test tomorrow , no or no ?
"" You've heard of the crotch-shot "" @Swagtocha
Am I the epitome of awkward ? Yes or yes ?
10 Inspiring Quotes for PR Professionals prnewsvault I love this !
Just throwing this up here because it makes me so happy giraffe adorable
Fun fact : Most watch ads have a time of about 10 past 10 . funfacts learnsomethingneweveryday
And so it begins ... superwhitegirl SWGP
Happy Birthday to the girl who puts Beyonc to shame ! I love New Zealand for bringing us together .
Hey there , October tbt
These babies brighten everyday . Thankful for their kind souls and innocence .
PTL for dental wax ..
Straight up , what did you hope to learn about here ? MatchBox 20
Artist furnishes manholes like little apartments to draw attention to homelessness :
The highlight of my day is drinking wine and eating Taco Bell and I am not ashamed .
thanks ! But it's a side wall hole cantrepair
If we lose love and self respect for each other , this is how we finally die . - M . Angelou
come through with the hyphenated last name
"" Bob's Burgers "" is getting its own feature film and I'm happy-wine-dancing like Linda right now
Flynn : IDK Anything FBI : well offer you a plea deal if you start listing names Flynn :
The extent to which I was just assaulted by that vocab test is just pathetic . I'moverit screwMosiman
Huge W for the boys tonight . Really hoping that this tourney doesn't come down to the fifth tie breaker though ...
When baseball season comes around grades become low .
Prayers to and his family , stay strong !
This is VERY late , but congrats to for his commitment to Penn ! Make us proud !
it's been a solid 30 in a row with you bro ! And counting ...
Ib English essay update : after my cardinals brought the series back home , time to finally start typing
The two things I get vulgar about on tv : the voice and football Sunday ! ! !
1v 17 call of duty is impossible
Looks like is playing tendy for both of these teams
when is this updated list coming out ?
MSHSL : Minnetonka ( 6 ) at Waconia ( 0 ) - FINAL
Congrats to on his commitment to play for the MN Gophers next year ! ( ) BlizzardBB
That football game was like a Disney movie
Do all LEAs have specific defined roles for teacher leaders , instructional coaches , lead teachers , etc . ? HSGEdChat HSGNC
Thanks , it sounds like a great way to collaborate through professional development . #hsgedchat
Spring teacher feedback needed from educators . hsgedchat
Q6 : I go to PD with "" how can I share ? "" In the back of my mind . HSGedchat
I am earning cash at InboxDollars and you can too !
You gonna pay me for it ?
New high score of 160 . My previous was 154 .
I didn't either so I can't give you money for it ..
Hey so I am receiving the FitBit Alta as a replacement for my broken Charge . I will be getting the whole Alta pack 1/2
Submit a video of your and your MiniChef cooking together and you could win $ 1,000 MiniChefSweepstakes -
Should I go for a Wendy's , Frosty , DQ Blizzard or Twisty Treat ?
loves the "" quiet "" rush of traffic in the wee hours of morn ..
haha you soooo need to read my FB status ... Great minds think alike ! Miss you ! ! ! xoxoxox
oh honey what movies are you watching ? I think you're thinking of Beverly Hills down the street ... or watching movies from ...
Dramatic Blue sunsetchallenge_mca #sunsets #skyporn #sky #clouds #cloudporn
K Diggin this remix What Is Love - Cansis Remix Edit Klaas , Haddaway Spotify
I dont owe you anything ! foofighters I'll Stick Around Foo Fighters Spotify
Do Ya ? Kace ? Val ? Erica ? Jen ? Jeannie ? Denise ? E ? LM ? Joegene ? Oh Yeah ! We have our own song ! ! ! ! ! LEPEUPHORIA
How to tell if a weeping angel is behind you without looking . SciFiGoogleSearches
Dad said wait til the guy comes and talks ... we've just been sitting in here
Over 50 % of people have seen a 3D movie and 71 % prefer vs . 2D . Hobbit ( Dec ) and Gatsby ( Spring ) will blow them away .
I am watching Dark Skies at Regal West Town Mall 9 !
Lions and tigers and planes ! I want to win 50 years of IMAX films from YGiveawa
The future is real--be prepared themazerunner
Did you see it ? Todays hottest tweet among people I follow by
I believe I must get an ultimateticket for myself !
The only place to see valerian trailer on the big screen this weekend
How difficult was it to avoid writing the snarky version of this ? ( Best Offseason Subtractions )
Is this an unannounced crossover ?
I know I did it on purpose ! ! !
Got me up all night , constant drinking and love songs powertrip
Alright wtf is path ?
I'd rather drive in the rain than the snow anyday
My mom just asked me how to get Siri to call her ' bad bitch ' ...
Get me out of here
Lana Del Rey is a genius
I belong with you and you belong with me , you're my sweetheart
"" I just have to strap my black D to the side cause it's so big "" -
I'm gonna have so much more motivation to get out of bed in the morning once it gets nice out
Turtles were living on our planet before dinosaurs were .
hell no I closed last night I'm enjoying my day off but I'm brining my car in to get cleaned
Less than a month til comes home
no I can't work Sunday's they know that I didn't answer
Baby let your hair down let me run my fingers through it , we can be ourselves now go ahead be foolish
when bae asks if i wanna cuddle
Coming home to my new car is a decent end to my day finally
9-11- 2001 . Never Forget . Merica .
Abby Wambach receives a standing ovation as she exits the field for the last time for the USWNT .
Forever in an island state of mind
If you don't have a Margaritaville station on pandora I highly suggest you make one
he's scared of everything rn but soon
7/26 / 17 : The day it became empirically clear this is pathological , not political . transrightsarehumanrights
Nature = Beauty nature greatoutdoors lifeisbeautiful
Santana concert last night with michael . j . huerta
Ooh ah ah ah ah ! Get up ! Come on get down with the sushi ! LOL ! Disturbed foodie
I suspect the Illuminati or North Korea . Whatever it is , it's a conspiracy on a grand scale !
Who's the bigger douche ? Steve Keeley or Jeff Cole ? Fox 29 myfoxphilly fox 29news SteveKeeley JeffCole
* GASP ! * You've made Mepps and Spytle sad . lol
And you're who in the game again ? I don't think either one of us have gotten that info . Lemme jump on . Send scrim .
Roseanne Roseannadanna for the win ! :D
All Hail The True Peoples Champ ! - EVERY PERSON THAT EVER HAD BEEF WITH NIMBUS YOSH : DCUO
I liked a video USPS Mepps Surprises Fight Club
So apparently this happened . WEAKSAUCE ! It'll be addressed among other things I've noticed today . dcuo
Have you been infected ? : Nimbusonthenuts - A Public Service Announcement : dcuo TGN TGNArmy
I liked a video 400 Steps Later - Japan
Kinda disappointed . More than 24hr since my IceBucketChallenge and no one has taken it up . dcuo
I liked a video from AMERICAN HERO VS THREE SCRUBS Lord Melovent , Blazing Jahari ,
Pics I take in DCUO . From Feb 2013 . My villain alt xSinistaRx dressed as X-Men's Colossus .
I liked a video from Dcuo TheReplacement vs AceSoDope GETTING EXPOSED
I liked a video from Dcuo Slayer Of Bums
This week on twitter : 5 new followers and followed 5 people via
I liked a video Inu Yasha ( DC's Biggest Liar )
Sin Plays Battlefield 3 - TDM Noshahr Canals via BF3 Battlefield 3 TGN TGNArmy
Help me , a gamer with severe anxiety get a PS4 gofundme PS4 anxiety gamersunite
I liked a video from DCUO - "" DO NOT PLAY DC UNIVERSE ONLINE ! "" | BLOCKED by
LeagueOfClowns Gangnam Style with special appearance by SNEAKYBULLET DCUO DCUniverseOnline DayBreakGames
4 Days Later AtomicBombz Nukes Ignis DCUO DCUniverseOnline DayBreakGames
I added a video to a playlist DCUO - "" BROKEN UNIVERSE ONLINE ( PART 6 ) "" | LIGHT CLAWS 12,000 CRIT ? ? !
I liked a video The Harassment Is Getting Worse .
I liked a video from DCUO - ( Legends Incorporated ) "" Have Fun Loser ? ! "" | More Rage Quitters !
I liked a video DCUO WANTED POSTER
When Sharks Attack : OldAssShark & amp ; LoneShark vs 2 Bums In 2v2 Batcave dcuo dcuniverseoline daybreakgames
I liked a video from THE END OF THE HUMAN RACE IS FINALLY HERE
I liked a video from DISGUSTING ! We Need To Talk About The Teen Kidnapped And Beaten on
I liked a video Fallout : Red Star
The Mushroom Is a Fungi - I'm guessing this has to do with :)
So sorry guys ! US marshalls said it wasnt safe for us to come out ! Thank you for comin to LAX to see us ! We heard the ...
so happy the giants won I hate the patriots
Great memories of the UK Tour ! 1DHQ x
Bruno Mars sounds like he's trying to talk in a British accent ha but I still love him
smiling but I'm dying trying not to drag my feet
is your heart breaking is there somebody else on your mind I'm so sorry I'm so confused just tell me am I out of timeeee
Maybe this is how it starts , I find you when I fall apart
was right . 24.5 days till we see one direction in concert ... Is this real life ? Harry-myfutureboyfriend
Awesome God Festival . Tomorrow at 4 !
It's almost here ! And despite what you see in the first 10 minutes of tomorrow night's episode , I do eventually wear a shirt .
:( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( (
Real bands save fans , real fans save bands
There are far , far better things ahead than any we leave behind . CSLewis Happy NewYear
haha ill do my best
Days like today I feel blessed to live in the south
Not a bad day for work
only time I'll root for the Redskins is when they have a chance of knocking the Eagles out of the play offs
hope everyone knows this is riddle
Can someone please support my Ashley S . for Bachelorette campaign ? WomentTellAll
is it possible for dreams to make you look at someone in a different way
somewhere between that setting sun I'm on fire and born to run
Constantly at battle with wanting to leave for college tomorrow and never wanting to leave
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BEST FRIEND MANDY I love ya and am so glad to have you in Wilmy with me
Lemme zip them up . :)
What is the first song you ever wrote ?
The app thingy ? ? ? Why ?
Me too ! ! ! ! has easily six albums of completed material in existence , besides all the wonderful stuff that's leaked .
Can U giv us the title of the Neon song UR leaking soon ? I luv surprises , but don't wanna hunt 4 a song that's gonna leak . :/
me with a diabetic fan
* cries alone in empty room * "" What do I have left ? "" Charlie , the adopted stray dog , licks her knee . "" You don't count . ""
Real people wait until September .
Hahahaha . I have never met someone that conceited yet so gullible ! He would probably ask to date
You keep me alive like a heartbeat , you keep me alive like a heartbeat , you keep me alive like a heartbeat , you keep me alive ....
Thinking of you as I listen to ' Strange Love ' by Karen , again ! : 3
People are so stupid .
Every single Thrift store , for every single unlabeled CD-R that looks homemade . :P desparatedreams
Oh , me neither . Awk _
Rick ! Can you tell us which song you produced for Lana , please ?
Lana is too ! :D
OH that one . It was still a joke ... I wouldn't have said it if I thought you would take it the wrong way . :[
Remember when Charli said she doesn't like her old stuff especially the stuff she thinks sounds like Lily ?
Hey ! Do you mind if I ask you a question about some of Charli's old MySpace songs ? I can't find ( some of ) them anywhere !
1 . Will the other tracks recorded for the record ever make it out ? 2 . Is "" Salty Sweet "" the next single ?
AMEonSpark Are ' Love TKO ' and ' Get Down ' going to make the album ?
spent 10 mins last deciding if i wanted 2 masturbate till i passed out or watch Lost till i passed out but then i just pa
i'm gonna listen to Iggy's debut , too . :P Do you like Angel ?
that scene where the sodomized concubine gets cut up and sent out to the different tribes in ' Judges ' , though ...
really ? lol , she likes covering songs nobody knows about . sucks that ' Bravado ' isn't on the album , but at least 8/ 10 r new .
UGH I can't find a download for St . V's cover of ' Make Believe ' ANYWHERE !
who are they ? ?
Walking off with Choo . TexasRangers
John Daly , British Open 1992 .
BREAKING NEWS : CHINAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Advisors vow to bobobobobobobobobobobobobobobobbo
"" I love you , chip ""
Five reasons why the Stars have the best record in the Western Conference |
Rangers sign a Josh Hamilton insurance policy in an outfielder with plenty of Texas ties
. @mattmosley : I don't buy ' Johnny Manziel culture ' as the reason Kyle Allen left Texas A & amp ; M
This is how you erase a 12 - point deficit in 35 seconds . MarchMadness
Wow ! One in a million .
"" If you worry about what might be , and wonder what might have been , you will ignore what is . ""
That's also 12 homers for Odor since he returned from suspension for clocking Bautista .
I don't know what he said but I agree 100 %
Consider the source . Anything is higher than "" Zero "" on the morality scale .
Hemsky skating on top line with Benn and Seguin
Buy Rader Faksa stock and go long . DallasStars
What a stud move .
Was that Harry from Harry and the Hendersons behind Charles Harris ? NFLDraft 2017
Please bean Bautista . TexasRangers
I've gotta get to Camden Yards at some point . Looks like tickets would be easy to obtain .
Debbie Harry , 1981 .
"" You have a choice Houston , starve to death ... or eat vegan . "" ( ENTIRE CITY OF HOUSTON TAKES A BIG SWIG OF WHISKY ) "" I'll s
Dadgum . Kinda seems like we aren't gaining much real estate on this journey of contrition , Baylor .
How can retail get the same visibility into physical stores that it has in ecommerce ? via
Running the same running play on 1st down everytime ?
Probably where I was headed but not savvy enough to emote it . He either owes ~ $ 6-7 mm to seve
Probably taste like fondant , too .
So wonderful and unexpected to see you , too !
It's not about the troubles we have . It's about whether or not we fight to overcome them .
My nugget . Mini Porky NeedsAHaircut
CurrentlyReading I Heart New York by Lindsey Kelk .
Everyone's got someone , deep in their lungs , that they need to breathe out , before they can sink .
I'm just completely exhausted .
Someone's goal at work is to only buy breakfast and lunch three times a week ... DreamBig ?
This means a lot to me . See you in June , mister !
CurrentlyReading The Book Thief by Markus Zusak .
Another update : I took it off to charge at work and left it there ...
He hasn't aged well .
OMG , margs to go ! ? They'd make a killing . TakeMyMoney
"" ... if you can life your live without an audience , you should do it . ""
( @ Evolution Sound Stage in West Babylon , NY )
Someday I'll be a real adult who can tell the difference between being sad and just being tired .
( @ Pico Tequila Grill - in Bay Shore , NY )
( @ Del Fuego in Babylon , NY )
He said , as his soul floated away in gossamer wisps like smoke rings .
One of his finer moments ... Finnstagram
they should have canceled daylight savings time because 2016 doesn't deserve an extra hour
... That's it . We're going to live under the sign .
If only there were some kind of official documents that served as a trusted record of your finances to r
Remember , tomorrow we are not crowning a king , or bowing down to a dictator . Tomorrow our new employee starts his temp
Finally found two toys my 13lb . power-chewer cannot destroy ! Thank you , and
My entire team at work looks forward to our Slothilda e-mails ! Thanks for sharing her with us .
Also really going to give this 10K steps a day thingamajig the old college try , this time . HealthAndWellnessMonth
Yes ! This is my third time . They're so simple , versatile , and delicious .
"" We're unwilling to make other people more uncomfortable than they just made us . "" YouAreABadAss
did you teach them your song ? "" Katniss ! Peeta ! You're catching fire ! ""
Finally getting the Freshman Formal I never had ... I feel like Drew Barrymore in "" Never Been Kissed "" ! But don't get any i
FCA was a packed house tonight ! ToTheGloryOfGod
My heart is beating like a jungle drum
Back-to-Back great interactions with and then Ashley Bench !
I need to go to Walmart . Well crap . HardWalkU
Braving the elements for doughnuts
I try to be a good student and pay attention in psych . I really do .
"" @benrector : Already getting excited to have coffee tomorrow morning . "" finalsweek
Just got to ride go karts at the track ..... FOR FREE . Yeah . That's what's up . summer 2k14
"" HEY ENGLAND , HAPPY FOURH OF JULY "" "" WHERE'S THE T ? "" "" WE THREW IT IN THE OCEAN ""
Update : they're talking about Luke Elfrink . TheCut 2k14
we aren't .. we're pretending that will fall in love with me ..
I don't understand how there's enough time for everything in my life . hardworku
The best friends are the ones that you can just BE with .
Group texts are my favorite . I half way feel like I'm with
Both Amazing Spider-Man movies have played today for Christmas entertainment . Well . They ARE my family after all .
Is this CofO or Hogwarts ? KOH 2k15
I feel like everyone is getting married or having a baby and I don't even have a cat .
When you're tryna do homework BREAKingMyHeart
I DO love Tangled KOH 2016
professors should know by now that no one reads
I don't have class today . Why am I up ? Oh yeah . Because my dog barks at me until I'm awake . ... Basically the same thing .
HOW GREAAAAT IS OUR GOD ? ! SING WITH ME HOW GREAAAT
wrote a song for Hook and Emma and I'm geeking out
acho que vou dormi : c
KEEP CALM and COLOQUE A CULPA NA RITA
Se chorei ou se sorri o importante que a sua opinio eu no pedi
eu quase que morro com o Justin danando as long as you love me , q era aquilo jesus ? R . I . P ovrios + 1
no faa mais isso , POR FAVOR NO FAA . eu te probo
' Estamos con un padrn de 15.000 personas , con cancha inclinada , estamos trabajando para ganar esta consulta hasta el l
Gracias a todos por sus deseos por mi cumpleaos ! ! Tambin agradezco a la
. @jimmyjairala : Ms de 150 personas con discapacidad fueron atendidos en los tres pequeos en MangaDe
Feliz da a todos los trabajadores de la radiodifusin .
Falta tan poco pero cada experiencia que he vivido en esta etapa de
Estamos dndole mantenimiento a la va Milagro-Mariscal Sucre . En San Juan de las Cucarachas y otras que suman 32 fren
Fiesta Montuvia con baile , artistas invitados y una orquesta principal , al concluir la cabalgata en Samborondn este 14
muchas gracias por la invitacin ! ! Un verdadero gusto haber compa
JuntosporGuayas el y preparan un programa especial navideo para nios con discapacidad
No permitir que se tome como chivo expiatorio al dragado como causa de las inundaciones insiste el prefecto
Ecuador unido en nuestra Primera Convencin Nacional de UnidosyOrganizados EcuadorEs 1
Sintoniza los medios y conoce todo sobre ERAH Ecuador
Prefecto participa junto a otras autoridades del pas en la rendicin de cuentas de la Contralora
Preliminarmente recibimos buenos comentarios por el excelente desempeo de nuestro CentroDeMediacin
Asimismo , el prefecto anunci que Pedro Carbo suma tambin un tanquero a la ayuda a Manab .
gracias por el rt !
Hay fideicomisos pblicos en Argentina , Bolivia y Uruguay . Sirven para reactivar la actividad productiva .
En LaHoraClave nuestro invitado Jimmy Jairala prefecto del Guayas
Nos damos cuenta que nuestra economa es dependiente del barril de petrleo , y eso nos invita a regresar los ojos al ca
"" Si no soy candidato a la presidencia la opcin de la Alcalda de Guayaquil est absolutamente abierta ""
Maana estaremos en para hablar sobre la reconformacin de caminos vecinales en Daule ht
tendencias Unin Europea destaca hoja de ruta oficial - Ecuador propondra una hoja de ruta sobre cmo arreg ...
Te invito que te una a la ligadevaloresec yo eleg la constancia y tu cual eliges ?
Lo que se viene , Fotos con el teamorbioni guayas ecuador
... Dilogo cuando se proclama como un "" triunfo "" violar la Ley ? . Si , dialogamos , pero primero se respeta la Ley . @Prefectu
Mis dos amores mi mami y mi ngel ( papi ) mi fuente de inspiracin y de motivacin para luchar
Se definieron los grupos de la EuropaLeague .
NuestraConstitucinEC garantiza el Trabajo y la Seguridad Social .
ATENCIN El pleno del Consejo Provincial del Guayas sesionar en el recinto Matilde Esther de Bucay , este 25 de octu
Cada da miles de animales ...
Why would you put BusterPosey on the cover of a FatHead when he's not even IN the FatHead ? ! ?
Just walked past a guy who looked exactly like ... I was so confused .
Ryan Vogelsong is first Giants pitcher to double in a postseason game since Jack Bentley in Game 2 of 1923 WorldS ...
Love bringing this out of the closet again ! :) Bron-Bron
i cannot get enough of Grumpy Cat right now . This could keep me up all night !
So true . "" @ComedyAndTruth : Starbucks is always a good idea . ""
we're both losers tonight :(
That insanity is gonna kill you . Lol
Just made my hair appointment . Going blonde ! yolo
A hummingbird just got stuck in my hair . I'm not kidding .
"" Come back from the next past life as a chicken , cuz we're out of eggs . "" the non-spirit part of LongIslandMedium is hilarious .
Men are 6 times more likely to be struck by lightning than women .
Yes it would , cuz I'm so OD
sorry . Not feeling good .
Posey is 2 for 2 . Atta boy ;)
Why do they schedule medical things so early ? imissmybed
My new boyfriend . Had to make it my phone background . 5FDP drummer SOsexy
I was gonna say that but we haven't been to the IHOP here yet . Although I like waffle shop better lol you tell me when ! :)
YESSSSS hahaha . Marshawn Lynch filed for trademark to the phrase "" I'm just here so I won't get fined "" - via ESPN
My life ..... 18 Things People With An All-Black Wardrobe Will Understand via
I . Am . Dying . Check out Drowning Pools Bodies Transformed Into Laundry by Sock Puppet Parody
Much deserved , ! ! Congrats ! WeAreGiant
MOST of these are still on my playlists lol ! 29 Emo Songs You Havent Thought About Since 2007 via
YAYY ! Maci Bookout Is Pregnant With Her Third Child ! via
Amazing In a Shaken Orlando , Comfort Dogs Arrive With Unconditional Love
Exactly . You have to be genius to understand metal ! Slipknot's Corey Taylor slams myth that metal fans aren't smart
. @SFGiants walk off in the 13th inning to keep playoff hopes alive
The fact that is still single is absolutely baffling . He truly is the perfect man .
Please come meet these wonderful dogs , all they need is a chance . $ 10 Adopt fees thru July 1 ! ( 2/2 ) #AdoptDontShop FortBend K
There's so many ... but I'll say either Crawling or Breaking the Habit by Linkin Park
Hmm 16 across clue is "" some MIT grads "" - so why doesn't "" unemployed "" fit into the 3 spaces allowed ? ? ? So sad
Why is NBC airing an hour long commercial on Notre Dame ? Favoritism or over hype ? nbcfail
Can anyone explain the fashion trend of wearing knit caps inside ? Especially the bars ? why
sweet ! Don't just dream it - - just do it ! :) Hope sis is healed up so she can scream loudly for you ! !
But is he a King ? he's half shark god and half human , so he's a demigod and quite powerful
I just earned the ' Cheers To You ! ' badge on
dont speak i know what your thinking i dont need your reasons
You are ready to gamble on your heart today , especially if you ... More for Scorpio
You're experiencing emotional pressure from the expectations o ... More for Scorpio
You're on edge after the evocative Moon enters your intense si ... More for Scorpio
You might not be telling anyone about your new plans for the n ... More for Scorpio
Jealousy might rear its ugly head today if you let your memory ... More for Scorpio
so what you up to tonight
A stubborn associate who is satisfied with his or her current ... More for Scorpio
Don't let the memories of your past come between the present m ... More for Scorpio
All the bright colors of the rainbow mysteriously blend togeth ... More for Scorpio
Your favorite angle on personal satisfaction doesn't require a ... More for Scorpio
Taking an extreme all-or-nothing approach to fulfilling your n ... More for Scorpio
Although your fantasies have led you into new territory , spinn ... More for Scorpio
You may be dreaming about an upcoming trip now , but you're not ... More for Scorpio
Like / Retweet for your chance to win ! Winners will be announced Saturday at 4PM EST on a live stream . Good luck !
Following your bliss would be the natural and easy thing to do ... More for Scorpio
Money may not grow on trees , yet you could plant seeds today t ... More for Scorpio
You may be wondering why you thought you could squeeze so many ... More for Scorpio
Your nervous system is naturally wired for the most intense ex ... More for Scorpio
Your long-term prospects are promising as you assess your pres ... More for Scorpio
When you speak today , everyone else listens because of the aut ... More for Scorpio
Hate that too full feeling
Falling just means you were going for it
Can I just wear tutus like always ... ?
can't snap her fingers thisisaproblem asshole
' Turn Up The Radio ' video shoot today
I'm eating string cheese TrueFactsAboutMe
halloweendisaster We once got pulled over by the cops and I was covered in fake blood . Scared the crap outta the cop .
I'm thinking of ripping all my teeth out . What does everyone think ?
They're talking about psychopaths on Ricki Lake Show . Hope I don't see my picture !
America's veterans need your support . Find out what you can do: HiringVeterans
They better bring Brian back on Family Guy or I won't be watching anymore !
If I were a South Park character , I would be Butters . Tweet your result , BrainFall
Oh No . They aren't gonna send you home , are they ? I'ma get pissed !
Come hang out with me for a little bit , let's be friends ! :)
Glad that people are talking about mental health and depression right now because it's so needed . Not even he could esca
Wow ! I just won this for free , The Pilgrims Progress by John Bunyan listia
COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE
Free : THE SIMPSONS FIGURINE WIGGUM . Check it out - listia
There are other things happening in the world . it's not the most important thing .
I'll eat whatever has cheese on it .
Free : Simpsons DVD - Complete Seventh Season . Get it here - listia
To celebrate 100k followers , Tori will sign & amp ; personalize a set of LE & amp ; UTP vinyl reissues for one lucky EWF . to ent
Made my childhood much happier ! RIP George .
SAVETHEELEPHANTS HELP retweet rosearmy join
Guns dont kill people . People who live in a country without any effective form of gun control kill people . PrayforAme
THE WALKING DEAD ! !
DON'T PLAY STUPID DON'T PLAY DUMB VAGINA'S WHERE YOU'RE REALLY FROM ! pussyriot
I liked a video from People Who Suck ( Episode 5 )
There are still good people in the world , I swear !
PJ Harvey - Bitter Branches via
Did You Know .... is this real life or ...
"" You can take away my house , my tricks and my toys , but one thing you can't take away , I Am Iron Man . ""
Not exactly how I wanted the day to start .
Idc how old Steven Tyler is , hellooo sexy ! GRAMMYs
Glad I spent all day Friday cleaning my room only to come home and it be trashed .
& amp ; when i find my happiness , dont ruin it
I was trying to watch this , it's on my tv right now but I just can't get into it lol .
too easily amused , too easily annoyed
I've had half a tank of gas since Tuesday !
Somethin like dirty Diana .
If anyone in the Elkhart area has seen this girl please contact police immediately . She's missing since last nite .
You got it , you got it bad .
You could break my heart into tiny little pieces , and i'd still pick them up and put them back in your hands .
My hair is getting so long and is decently healthy for once .
I remember when we were drivin , drivin in your car . Speedin so fast I felt like I was drunk .
Better let em know .
I think I got fucked up enough in the last year to make up for not being able to do anything tonight lbvs
"" oh no "" lololol
First you get a swimming pool full of liquor , then you dive in .
Be immune to flattery and criticism . If you depend on the opinion of others then you can never have inner peace .
But I keep sneezing and everytime I sneeze they yell bless you lololol
i hate that feeling when youre not necessarily sad , but you just feel really empty .
Like i hate being that friend .
I want to stick my fork in all of these
so can i just google it or ..
Would she like to explore the world up high , we can fly in my jet .
I'm not swiping left a thousand times to see ur same selfie
Fab got new teeth now everything funny to him
Nigga Ransom said Joe was talkin shit about him in his little ass livin room with a big back tv
Black ppl been sayin Rottweiler wrong since forever lmaooooo niggas say rock-whyler
Cracking her over the head with a fifth of remy > > Curse him out 1st then gettin the facts later and not caring >
Keyshia Cole keep a healthy toe on her that's one thing about her .
Yea it might get interpreted the wrong way smh
My nephew acting like me lmaoooooooooooo
Diddy : Call me Brother Love from now on Me :
Peanut butter and jelly .
This score tho lmaooooooooooo . @UConnWBB leads Stanford 49-14 at the half
Lebron prolly ask Savannah every other weekend if Wade can sleep over .
Last I read he prolly gunna cop to the murder and be gone for 25 altogether smh
Get ya big ass out the bed and let that woman with an open cervix rest
Ya cant feel ya titties gettin sucked cuz of that depo shot in ur blood stream done numbed yall
Dennis Rodmans ex-wife was on that Pawn Stars show tryna sell his jerseys
Fat ppl eat corn on the cob like a god damn Tasmanian devil
Nigga five months later ? ?
Im the exact same way
Yea its all gray areas specially dealing with the streets . Not taking nuthin away from Dame being r
A pizza spot in my town following me on here lmaoooooo wtf
Its kinda scary tbh bro
Men get paid more cuz we gotta pay for everything .
We've seen a president try to defy the judiciary before . His name was Richard Nixon . It didn't end well for him .
Make America Great Again ! ! ! ! Right ? So attacking ppl on Twitter . Countries are watching you .
We must work toward making health care a right . But right now our job is to save our current system which Republicans ar
Good morning to meee !
We're just so happy together :) lovemyiphone
Rock and roll ain't noise pollution ACDC
I hope it stays this warm outside !
Feel like I've been on an emotional rollercoaster for the past 4 hours OSUvsPSU GoBucks
Mention 10PeopleYouReallyLove my stormers girls who I miss everyday ! ...
ThingsYouShouldntDo tell me I can't / won't do something . I'll end updoing it & amp ; you'll end up with orange drink in your hair .. lol
so pissy right now .
because you guys always get new everything & amp ; we just got new uniforms after 8 years last year . Our school spends so much
people who have twitter families .. no . just no . don't .
"" @FemaleStruggIes : ever started crying for one reason then end up crying about every possible thing wrong with your life "" one of those days .
You may wear the pants in the relationship but I wear the crown . I win . this is so me .
already starting to feel sore from that marines workout .. & amp ; that was only two hours ago .
when our cashier at Hobby Lobby tells Gage & amp ; I we're gonna have beautiful babies
I miss actually caring about what I look like ..
awh good , love you
"" I'm not sure what love is , but it might be magic . ""
me : do ur homework me : no
is it too late to make Julie Andrews the Queen of the United States
i say fight me a lot for a girl who is 53 and has a hard time opening some doors because theyre too heavy
I just completed my degree application for graduation & amp ; it makes me so sad
We goin on da 30th u still on ?
InMiddleSchool Everybody Hating Assigned Seats
I Use To Act Young Af ..... Dne Grew Up A Lil
A Nigguh Woke Out His Sleep Just Too Work .... Smh ... Im Tired As FUCK ! ! ! ! ! !
Flex ! ! ! ! Flex ! ! ! ! !
The fair ... same faces just different outfits .
Lol Why U Ain't Say Nothing ? ?
Today Is A Boring Ass Day
Im Finna Hit The Sheets Im Tired AS FUCK ! ! ! !
I told my mom this morning ...... i don't know what it take to get out of school . She said i don't either lol
naw he top 10 best how many times must i tell ya'll
All i do is get ..... all i do is get ... MONEY !
Lil brah stop pass .... we was talking bout how we use ta turn up in da hood years ago .... it's only right we do it this summer
Having boss thoughts ! !
Cmon Craig ( celtics ) Cmon Craig ( Celtics ) Cmon Craig ( celtics )
Cleaning the restroom < < < < < < <
"" @Frankos_Amigo : Who does that ? ? .... Running on the court like a lil ass kid ... "" He a bitch man
Danny green is a fucking sniper on the court ...
Tony parker the only mufucka that wanna play basketball DAMN ! ! !
Thurgood A lunch be thick for no reason ...
My favorite drink ! ! ! !
I'm at Bungalow Carter ! in Monongahela , PA
I'm at in Monongahela , PA
I'm at Eldorado in Monongahela , PA
I'm at Twp of Fallowfield in PA
I'm at Couch of Potatoes in North Charleroi , PA
I'm at United States Post Office in Monongahela , PA
I'm at Denny ' s Roadhouse in Finleyville , PA
I'm at Guy Residence in Charleroi , PA
I'm at Monongahela in PA
My Randall's Goby :) taptapfish Download :
I'm at in Belle Vernon , PA
I'm at Bungalow Carter ! in Monongahela , PA
My Black Bar Chromis :) taptapfish Download :
coloringbook coloring recolorapp recolor fish
I'm at PA Turnpike 43
I'm at Eldorado in Monongahela , PA
I'm at Carroll Twp in Monongahela
My Percula Clownfish :) taptapfish Download :
My Pink Skunk Clownfish :) taptapfish Download :
I'm at Monongahela in PA
I'm at Bungalow Carter ! in Monongahela , PA
I'm at Eldorado in Monongahela , PA
I'm at Couch of Potatoes in North Charleroi , PA
I'm at Ringgold High School in Monongahela , PA
I'm at Twp of Fallowfield in PA
I'm at Pittsburgh Flexicore in Monongahela , PA
I'm at Pittsburgh Flexicore in Monongahela , PA
I'm at United States Post Office in Monongahela , PA
I'm at Carroll Twp in Monongahela
I'm at Victory Hill Gun Club
I'm at Victory Hill Gun Club
I'm at Pittsburgh Flexicore in Monongahela , PA
Reports of Marathon Runners that crossed finish line and continued to run to Mass General Hospital to give blood to victims ...
That Audrey vote made me like her a little bit more . Don't know why . bb17
Lose fat without exercising .
Schoooooool ! ! ! ! ! ! I'm so excited ! ! ! I'm really trying to be anyway ...
HEY you should check out ' s song "" Her Words Destroyed My Planet "" veronicamarsmovie
don't you have to redo tasks till they're passing grades ?
Excited for the bridal shower today :)
I do have a bet going with the other guys in the shed though , if I win I'll finally be able to afford a shiny new handle . electionday
no pienso explicrtelos , Te vas a dar la cabeza contra la pared si segus actuando as .
MiCamisetaIndependiente no slo lo creo , tienen la obligacin de ascender este domingo ! Por la historia , por la mstica , por las copas
felices 20aosntvg es ahora una tendencia en BuenosAires
podran aclarar que NO sortean ninguna camiseta firmada ?
no s dnde ves el insulto . Los hipoptamos y los patovicas no se mueven . O penss que ser gordo es un defecto
Soy careta , soy careta , vamos que la vida es una fiesta ! montaner digalenoalapalabracareta
Dale con todo nec carmelo
12-7 competitivos ? Donde ?
Rolfi andate , no te pedimos nunca ms .
No es el mismo territorio . Son nuestras Malvinas . No se llaman Falklands . Si asaltan tu casa , no deja de s
TE CALMAS . Llevo valeriana para convidarte ...
lacamaraenelmundo . Es rep . Checa
Qu lindo es el papel !
Attaque 77 festejando los 25 aos de El cielo puede esperar el 3 de octubre en MMbox ...
Grindetti derrot al camporista Julin lvarez en Lans va
Atencion ! ! ! Polemica por la apropiacion indebida de una cuenta de twitter . DE UNA CUENTA DE TWITTER ! ! ! ! !
Nada es igual , por ms que me quiera convencer , ya es otra cosa , yo soy otra , vos sos otro , y ustedes tambin . Ya no nos necesitamos . Crecer
Entrevista a en > Este viernes presenta Meridiano en el ht
Gobierno y oposicin acordaron que el medio aguinaldo no pague Ganancias
Todos nos vemos , buscando bien o mal , una salida en el Cielo . W , Colonia , 03-09- 2016
Vaya ! Ya has twitteado eso .
17.04 . 2011 el tercero de los cuatro lunas . efemeridesntvg 6 aos
Genial perlita del newsletter de
NTVGdeGira NTVGSuenanLasAlarmas vuelve al Sur de Argentina ! ! Desde el lunes 10/7 las anticipadas
The Lost Art of Cassette Design
Son cr los de Siempre invitan a otros artistas a sus shows , tocan temas de otros , llevan a grupos uruguayos a
9 yards short but Vikings are going to playoffs !
that is unreal . Keep safe my du
My dad was on fire tonight ! BlackjackIsHisGame
Steve Blake is clutch ! Lakers win 1st time playing D . Howard since he left L . A
Hey , whatcha thinking about ?
umm I think I will be ! But I'll let you know when it gets closer
and that was rude ....
The Ravens rookies have LANDED ! Here's a behind-the-scenes look at their first day ...
Miami fans booing ? ? ? Lol worst fans ever
Just realized and I will both be college graduates next time we come to Boji
If player in the NFL he would be a Darren Sproles
Holy what a catch !
Go Lions ! ! ! Cause ScrewTheCowboys
BUT SERIOUSLY WHAT COLOR GATORADE DID BELICHEAT GET DUMPED ON WITH ?
The NBA eastern conference is absolutely pathetic
u r pleased "" with that performance ? How can you accept failure ? 33 points and 457 passing yards is not acceptable for the Ravens D
E-Coli doesn't scare me .
what are these guys doing ? Fire all coaches after this game
These Philly Fliers fans are awesome
So much hate in the world . It's so sad .
GO ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
YES OREGON ! ! ! GO DUCKS GO ! ! !
Slow down ... Lebron and the Warriors are still in the league
Playoff baseball is so much better than the regular season
Sorry Larry - I know why you are lost that one . It is because I picked the Lions too MyColdStreakContinues
Okay patriots , start trying now please
Oh my god , I love the lack of Jay Leno love . emmys 10 62emmys
I wish Pawnee was a real city and all the characters from Parks and Recreation were real . I'd so be there .
Didn't get to see Muppets for a fourth time today . Boo .
I really need to be getting dressed to go meet with my co-director ... buuuut the cat asleep on my lap is so adorable . WHAT DO I DO ? ? ?
He really is ! I love him . :D
Still have : 12 more chapters of Moby Dick , a 3 page essay , 19 poems to read , and 2 pages in my Spanish workbook ... Boo .
Dear Bigots : You lose again . Signed , The 21st Century .
"" We may never see this again . "" Thanks for rubbing salt in the wounds of those who couldn't make it , guys . :-P
I love it and desperately want one of my own now .
I've never felt so useless as a friend as I feel today .
I really want to make a "" Sh * t Muppet Fans Say "" video . Hmmmm ....
I wish everyone dressed like they lived inside a Wes Anderson film .
"" If you let them go your life will be forfeit . "" What a dumb law . lotrmarathon
Screw jeff goldblum . Steve Carell !
Always knew I was a Hobbit .
We loves you , precious fans . Yuck , I want to vomit . Dont be nasty Gollum . Youre such a creep , Smeagol .
Today I get to play a fun game called "" see if any of my leftover clothes from high school look good on me now that I have boobs . ""
Pitch Perfect is a pitch perfect film . imsurethishasbeensaidbefore whatever
Woke up to rocknrolling again . methinks the dragon doesn't sleepeth
Plants Vs . Zombies 2 Lawn Decorations via
Waiting for the hangout to start .
"" I know that I've made mistakes in my life , but this moment it ain't just some roll of the dice . "" theunfortunates
I'm supposed to be packing , but Seabiscuit is on TV . I mean , packing is important , but horses and young Toby McGuire is mighty tempting .
The Princess Bride doesn't work unless young Cary Elwes is really hot .
Dear people . Stop adding me on Google plus . It's not a thing . It's never gonna be a thing .
Here's an idea : when women say they don't enjoy street harassment maybe you should believe them ? ? and stop it ? ? ? and leave them alone ? ? ? ? ?
"" Drink some water and stop drinking . "" - - my wife before I Tweeted something career-ending on Twitter . Oscars
Can the new gay pride flag just be a giant picture of whatever Mike Huckabee's terrified expression was the moment he hear
My dad loudly proclaimed he couldn't understand the lady making announcements cause of her accent . NONONONONOOOOO . We aren't even there yet .
Pence looks like the guy who really hates that his son wants to be a dancer .
This dude is gonna leak like a fucking colander .
I'm falling for you more and more each day .
Bad things happen to good people . Good things happen bad people .
Starbucks Yoga pants Big hoodies Leggings Football games Haunted houses Hay rides Halloween Scary movies Fall
Easter dinner with the little cousin .
Milton quedo pintado ? ? O quedamos bien parados en sk8 XGames 17
Los genios de me dieron un botn rojo para activar el nuevo Lo aprieto o no lo a
Que bueno loco me alegraste el da
[VIDEO] Manos , de en el viernes pasado , en cc
Dang too rich for my blood to try
Sorry , auto correct came into play here . But to be honest , I don't think the spelling is what will make or break .
Check out Citrus Lane for a great alternative to Holiday Gifts ! !
so simple and gorgeous !
how is Harper feeling ? Will she make it to her performance tomorrow ?
. Calvin Johnson can tie record w / 7th consecutive 100 - yard rec game . DETvsAZ
hangin ( upside down ) with my man
hubby thought I lost my mind . I got mine from Outback . Can't ever go back
Such a great dinner ! Recipe KidsFood
in tears for him ! ! !
Is no consensus the same as hung jury ?
A slightly different type of giveaway for you today ! Amazon giftcards and signed copies of Jasinda Wilder's ... h ...
Loving her Easter eggs . So much more fun with a toddler . She gets it now !
My Monday Meal Plan recipes meals
A quote for this weekend : "" When in doubt , choose the kids . There will be plenty of time later to choose work . "" - Anna Quindl
We want all moms to be moms ! Enter to win a shopping spree for joovytuesday
50 Outdoor Summer Activities For Kids : I am seriously down to HOURS until my kids are done with school and I ...
Maisie has the Dormaier height !
I can't wait to take E !
You're so sweet . Bribery is always our trick . The gender pics were done by a playground , if she smiled she got to go play
do you have a set of ABC Scripture Cards ? win one if you're a fan of
I felt it was staged . All the way to the follow up
Pastor Ben's Message What your schedule would look like if God was in charge of it ? : De-Clutter Your Schedule ...
how can you pick just one ? ? They all made the game . Defined onepride today !
RESTORE THE ROAR ! Lions beat Bears in dramatic game , 21-19 . Calvin Johnson : 83 Rec yds , 2 TD . Detroit leads NFC North at
I'm down in Livingston county . About an hour to the field .
She makes up for getting me up all night .
"" So I put my horse mask on my dog I cannot stop laughing ""
Exactly 1 year ago today ! ( via
I like to hangout with people that make me forget to look at my phone
. @Valerieenadeau ashley looks stressedyess @ashleyy_babbyyy
but your better than half the people this season , most of them suck lol
I mean now I'm obviously gonna have to go ..
Jovs way of breaking up with me
Idc if my hair was dead I shouldn't have cut it , I look gross now
Today by Smashing Pumpkins so flames lowkeyHIGHKEY
I want to see Deltonas prom pics but I guess I don't follow anyone lol
Classic University Orange City . Caught slippin on TV
I just wanna look good for you
Bring that ass here boi
Everything I do and say is wrong
Looking forward to getting paid tomorrow
Kind of wanna bleach my hair , kind of feel like I'll look terrible
* pushes all the buttons on the elevator * "" So , tell me about yourself ... ""
Just swiping right on tinder instead of taking these tests that are due
Someone buy my this really cute two piece from target
Please watch till the end .. how nonchalant can one be haha ! Happy birthday ! So happy I could celebrat
"" Well isn't my baby girl looking pretty today "" me :
No do it ! Get your money !
I have way to many feelings lately
Should i ? ? ? ?
RememberTheTime when you wished you have school like Hogwarts and hoped for Hogwarts acceptance letter came to your ...
no ... maybe ... kinda ... yea ...
15 Things Girls want from her guy but wont ask for :
im eatin popcorn but i only get 1 bag ... i usually get 2 -.-
Rt for a DM to Michael :)
Guys look :( thanks so much for asking for follows , we wanna kiss you all - ash
When a male penguin falls in love with a female penguin , he searches the entire beach to find the perfect Pebble to pr
lucky you . Mine was last week . I need another lol
Would you rather RT-Kiss Michael Or Fav-Get cute texts off Calum - R
They're like two hours behind me ...
OMG I WANNA SEE IT TOO
calumisnakedfollowparty 5SOSFAM LOOK WHAT I FOUND ! PASS IT ON QUICK !
Who wants to ship me ? im bored ...
What happens on the 5sos tour bus
Just because I don't talk to you in person doesn't mean I don't wanna ... I'm just too nervous and shy to say anything .
What if I changed my name to Chelsea Alexandria or Alexandria Chelsea ... ?
You give me so many reasons to smile .
I got a nightmare before Christmas bracelet xD
"" I hate Harry Potter ""
I just posted "" Authors note "" for my story "" Wrong call "" .
When this weekend is over I'll probably cry for a week . I love my family
How is tomorrow already October 1st ?
Disappointment isn't a sign of failure or rejection , it's a sign that something better is coming !
All the Christmas commercials on tv are making me so excited ! ! ! Time to start shopping
I miss you ! ! ! When are you home ? ! Starbucks date ?
I've never seen a more dramatic guy in my life
come over ! We'll be waiting for you ! ! !
No one will ever be a better Econ teacher than McNally
I really miss this little fireball today
Obsessed with The Civil Wars
I'm ready to go home again
Wish words were like little toy guns
I love these girls so much
A valley of bones covered in stone , nothing more than human
I guess I do kind of miss her though
Excuse my tears of joy ... my queen is in my arms again
that's why we have to stick together Because people think we're weird I don't understand
Had this song stuck in my head this morning . This was such a fun day ! Last Friday Night ( TGIF ) Anatomy Parody
AZ friends ! I love you but I'm turning my phone off for the weekend ! Spending my weekend fully enjoying my family See you Sunday !
My parents are getting me a passport for my birthday
Having my brother at school with me is the greatest gift
Manning is throwing the game
I hate what he stands for but Street Lights by Kanye West is so good
Chris Young > > >
Basketball helps me release stress .. thebasketballLife
Doug McDermott starting AGAIN , must be nice to have your dad as the coach
Love seeing the intramural team getting that championship
Tomorrow ( today as the case may be ) is my last day of work before vacation ) I can't sleep .
Playing around with Twitter again ... kind of like hovering my fingers above an electrical outlet seeing if it will bite . tootired .
Would you vote for this man ?
Ok , that was pretty awesome . ChrisMartin & amp ; MichaelStipe duet on LosingMyReligion 121212Concert
maybe they'll let you pay your fines in cans ...
Movies That Have The Exact Same Plot If You Had To Describe It In One Sentence
St . Louis . Duh .
It's interesting to imagine how it'd affect our view of our grandparents if their teenage thoughts were posted in the histo
It's first WorldSeries . Let's bring it home .
Noooooo ! I got Newman ! Which "" Seinfeld "" Character Are You ? via
Me : Everybody has bad days . 7 yr old : My bad days are school days . BackToSchool boyslife
lots of mixed sizes in Bloomsdale MO around 4 pm
Me when I realized I'd been watching Mike Myers on girlsqueals
I've used for 1 month and love it . Awesome rewards just for searching with Get yours today .
WhitePplDoItButBlackPplDont Pronounce the word "" police "" like "" police "" , not "" PO-LEASE "" !
I love reading fictional children's books . Next up : The Bible !
the rental car co gave me a mini van . it should come mom jeans , a Costco gift card and a Xanax . the 2012DodgeAnxietyAttack
What up . Catch me at Shaker Family Ford this Saturday from 12 to 2 in Watertown ct . Going back to UCONN nation .
That Notre Dame win was incredible ! What a game !
I'm cool with Northern Illinois making it to a BCS bowl game . That said ... I'll be betting LARGE against them ! If there ever was a layup .
In case nobody has noticed , it's 2013 and paper is obsolete .
It's 3:15 am & amp ; I can't sleep . I would count sheep , but I don't want F * armville players to get the wrong idea & amp ; send requests .
check out MD Designz crochet Bikini Covers !
Save 25 % on crochet tops . Through Nov 27 only !
I posted 4 photos on Facebook in the album "" Dianka DesignZ ""
Model Jessica from Mayas Models Management wearing pink shiny babydoll dress Designer DianKa Maresova
I posted a new photo to Facebook
Yes Mariah rocked that bathing suit at last years fashion show ! ! Loved it ! ! !
Mossimo Magazine Augustt 2015 Photographer Sean O'Toole Models Sunny Mucha ( Alexa Models ) Alexa Collins Benz ...
Dr says I'm going to be most swollen and sore on Sunday . I didn't think my cheeks could get any worse than this
I don't even know what to say ...
Daisy has no clue what's about to happen to her tomorrow ... nokidsforyou
That empty feeling when you look up and realize you've been playing a video game for two hours and nobody even missed
don't tell She will definitely sue you . Or just nag you about it .
I love these snuggle butts
joejonas's photo I need this
Jimmy's surprise appearance at concert almost didn't happen
And now they're asking what a bottle of jack is ... Awesome .
one of my friends I was watching the debate with last night sort of likes trump ... Lolz
Why are almonds so expensive like are they grown by the pope himself wtf
"" If you're still not satisfied with the Twitter icon , go outside . ""
When you don't typically sing , but then your favorite worship song comes on ...
neglecting my homework to plan my trip to concert ... worth it . who needs college anyway
She's known me for almost 21 years and still can't tell when I'm being sarcastic
Gain an hour , lose an hour--either way , I'm still exhausted
A verse sneak peak from the upcoming EP . This one's called I Don't Wanna Stop .. Hope you dig it
Whenever I take my glasses off , the 3yo yells "" put them back on , I can't see you ! ""
Missing my gorgeous little lad ! Miss you to dude . X
Found an old note from HS someone wrote to me . "" You are so out going "" LOL WRONG PERSON TRY AGAIN
pretty sure it lives in the woods behind our house now
My mom thinks it's fun to try and match what I'm wearing when we go out for lunch
Pretty sure my love language is texts of affirmation .
TIS THE SEASON TO GET STUCK IN LINE BEHIND A CUTE GUY AT MEIJER BC EVERYONE WAITED TILL THE LAST MIN TO SHOP FOR THANKSGIVING HEYOOO
Justin Trudeau is all of us .
Bill O'Reilly . Bill Cosby . Billy Bush . I'M THE ONLY GOOD BILLY ON TV ! ! ! ! !
"" Oh , medium is a grande ? "" "" You don't have French vanilla creamer ? "" GO HOME
get your head out of the clouds , sis .
The person below likes to bite ~
* smirks , patting her head
* om nom nom *
* i sigh , coughing yet again before closing my eyes , one hand rubbing my forehead
you do realize there's tons of wildlife here right ?
Hey ! * frowns , teleporting in front of him *
what no ! I'm not sacrificing my own kind !
* blushes as well * I-if you want me to
Somewhere , or somepony ?
Oh , I was ? * a little embarrassed by that *
* gasps , quickly working to get the wall out of the way so I can get him out *
Hm , perhaps ... I was thinking more of finding a spell to enable me to switch back and forth between demon and pony .
* she screams out , stumbling back for a moment
* I laugh * yeah that would be a good idea . I'll get the other five .
why can't we be friends ?
( ( omg I love that ! ! ) ) * Takes it , staring at it for a moment before unceremoniously dropping it back into the water again *
* noms on it *
* noms on it *
nuuuuu ! DX I don't like waiting DX Have fun on vacation though ! !
I like that idea .
me when I see dogs
you were supposed to pick one .
* gives her a little lick
The person below likes having sex with the divine .
* I either don't notice or just don't care , proceeding to take out my cock end start to jerk off *
Cloud 9 win a teamfight in the mid lane and breaks open CLG's base ! NALCS
MentionAnAddiction "" Walking Dead "" , Words With Friends , Grindr , Qdoba , cell phone , etc .
Hahaha . Wonder if it was worthing deleting .....
I know , okay ? When I find out Im in a room , I want to leave it too ! Wherever I go , BOOM ! There I am .
Writing a new joke today , I realize my process is similar to that of a very unorganized serial killer . You know , the ones that get caught .
The false dichotomy between evil bigots and saintly justice fighters leads to insanity and inaction . Just try to listen and
who would you rather have in office ? rt for an avocado . fav for donald trump .
Y'all ! ! ! It's ALBUM RELEASE DAY ! ! ! Buy it via at or stream it at
hahaha that is very true
When and how did I ever have time to do anything fun ever
I mean where is the lie
. @dwightslappe and I make a show called Things I Bought At Sheetz . Heres a new one . RT !
Lena Dunham goes through live promposals and epic prom disasters ! GethHeadsContest 2CGS -
We recreated the "" Poutine on the Ritz "" burger from And it's amazing .
I never post selfies anymore because I've convinced myself I look like a potato
[ gains a follower ] yes , this makes sense . I am lovely & amp ; cool [ loses a follower ] yes ,
I don't know how I lived this long w / o being like "" hey maybe don't do that dumb thing "" and "" hey did you eat today "" and shit
One of the ladies that works in the corporate office building looks exactly like Amy Sedaris and I'm convinced it's her researching a role
I miss having a dog the most when I don't feel like I have human friends
everyone is making me feel like I have to watch Degrassi and I'm deeply conflicted
If anyone at work tomorrow tries to sass me about this shit I will literally stab them in the neck
I am a nice person and I do not deserve the hand I have been dealt
can people just STOP touching people they do not know ; it is not that hard
Pity for Melania Trump implies she is too stupid or nave to know the person she married . She's not a fucking child , stop coddling her
I've had Habitica on my phone for like one day and my dude is already half dead from neglect
Uh oh I accidentally feel bad for hating the redhead ass boy
Sometimes I'm like "" I'm so dope I'm kicking ass at school "" & amp ; sometimes it's 4am & amp ; I'm like "" haha what am I doing I hope I get hit by a bus ""
God I genuinely have no instinct for direction or distance whatsoever
"" Teach her to tie her very own noose ! ""
"" All the people you look up to think closing down a bar is cool "" - who just makes up shit on the spot I guess
We were sitting in a restaurant & amp ; some man in a pink polo saw my dad & amp ; nonstop talked to us for 20 minutes . Even I got to be in the selfie
Bitch do not act like Im too drunk just because it is loud in your bar
I dont complain about it tho I just take it for what it is & amp ; I stay positive cuz I kno one day I'll be able to look back & amp ; say I got thru it
this person told me to really go in so ....
MY PLUG JUST CAME FOR MY ENTIRE LIFE
You aren't rich until you have something that money can't buy .
If u down that hole the only key is optimism
"" Simon says touch your head . "" "" Now touch your nose . ""
This gay scene in AtlantaFX is classic .
This is very easy to tell , especially when they appear with INTENSITY , then suddenly disappear and move on like nothing
bitches smoke backwoods and transform into niggas ... chin hair and allat
I'll be makin love to her thru you , so let me keep my eyes closed
me : hi Chick-fil-A employee :
Listen to Time Prod . By ( @Khronos ) by NotKorduroy np on SoundCloud
6 . ) THE LAUGH
your wcw is very pretty
It's supposed to rain tomorrow
How long is her fucking lunch break
And y'all still think white people ruled Ancient Egypt ?
It's a chicken leg in a cup in my fridge .. ?
I can't wait to settle down and raise a dog with someone . Some kids would be cool too .
My mom would have gotten creative with the ass whoopin
I be needing someone to be a me to me .
"" Its upsetting me and my homegirl , cause we feel like .. Well damn if you can't go to Bella Noches where the hell could you go !
Im not anti social . I just be high as fucc .
When you're third wheeling and the couple starts arguing then one of them gets mad and says "" I DONT CARE IF WE DIE ! ! "" htt
Please take my breath if I turn fake
do they keep Holt up ? DFA Herrera ? Sounds like this is an option , no ?
Source : Boston also getting a competitive balance draft pick from Oakland . Boston will send cash to the A's .
hate to be ' that guy ' week 1 , but PPR 1 spot who do you start : Woodhead , Joique , Marquise Lee ?
Good football teams win games they aren't necessarily supposed to . That's what the Chargers did today . Outplayed and yet
from everything I see they are still roughly around $ 22 under the tax . Move Cespedes / Francisco & amp ; that clears up 13 . There's $ for moves
The NFC South put three teams in the playoffs in the AFC .
My boss is dead , that's just cruel
We need to discuss Bryce Harper's forearms . AmericaDeservesAnswers
What a scrub home plate umpire Marvin Hudson running Bryce Harper . He should be suspended for being such a clown .
High fives from Mr Kraft to Great having you at the opener Roger
league ID 11148 , I'd like to change to playoff re-seeding , can someone assist ? Thank you !
you could see that coming from a mile away ... Dude is OUT there
This isn't baseball . This rule is absolute garbage . I'm disgusted watching what I did in the Astros game . Any defense of t
and 0 % Harold , please
This is one of the greatest fights I've ever seen .
I'll go with effort but yes I can see that narrative too
I just traded Bryce for Votto , C Seager , Robles , B Rodgers , Devers & amp ; S Travis - deep keeper lg - on the surface ; good or bad ?
or currently ? ( Dude this was a layup don't judge me )
still boggles me he never got an NBA run
Buck Martinez giving Saturdays Are For the Boys some gruff . SaturdaysAreForTheBoys
You think she gives off the party vibe ? Lol
Hot take alert - Woj totally wanted his own scoop here after missing out on breaking this last week
Alex Cora next year please and thank you
I know Pitt is absolute trash , but Penn State will be sneaky good this year - Watkins in a diff maker
MTV = Meaningless Trash Vomiters wheresthemusic
Bear goes outside and I end up involuntarily running sillydog
If I hear about the stupid girl being on fire one more time stopit youreburnedbynow
My house is creepy as hell when I find out I'm alone and no lights are gone and bear is no where to be found help
Celebrating grams birthday and she says she's turing 23 sobeit
no I haven't ! ! But I love Labrinth so I'll definitely have to listen to it !
omg seriously ? are they okay ?
My mom won't let me take a picture of her for Mother's Day , she just keeps yelling go away crazy . sonopictureforher
I'm still feeling no sadness or sentimental attachment to anything yet 2daysleft emotionless
Enter me in macbarbie 07giveaway
Can it be tomorrow already I'm way to excited ! ! ! 1DinSanDiego
thank you Lauren ! ! !
For all those who thought I was coming back with a full understanding of Scottish slang .. You would be wrong stillconfused
well you have Netflix !
Can't feel my arm , thanks Mila getoffmefool
Interviews make me so nervous pleasehireme
When the kids you nanny tell you all they want to do is watch Robin Williams movies all day sosweet
on & amp ; whiskers on
Shout to my sister to being too damn pretty . alsoigettoseeherin 7days
V-Day is soon ! Nothing says romance like an anonymous note with the words , "" You're Next "" written all creepy and child -
It's supposed to snow on Tuesday ... How about no ?
Trying to give directions drunk when you don't even know where you're going is a great game to play with your uber
Perspective for the next few months : unbothered and time to get shit done CountryOfKindness
Hungover me is pissed that drunk me didn't take a squad pic
i did not hear a single thing after i saw dean's dad TheBachelorette
My mom is so cute and sends me Christmas-y stuff we can make together for the holidays and I just miss that woman shes a saint .
Somewhere between 2 and 4
just figured out that i missed razor . Shooting my DVR for not letting me schedule more than 5 days in advance .
Why does Mexico hate the emo kids so much ?
i highly recommend Uncharted for PS3 . Very well done .
joined a World of Warcraft guild with 30 or so folks from Lucasfilm , including the voice of General Grevious .
dear god . I got a PILOT !
I know I'm the only one who's watching it . But I'm sad that tonight is the last ever episode of Reaper . Frell you , CW .
I'd like to thank Philly for keeping the tradition of insane sports crowds going at UFC 101 .
Big apple con is terrible . Stay away ! I propose a full nerd boycott .
Aaaaaaand back at work after a short nap on my work couch .
Cool about the art bid ! Can't wait to check out that GoPro camera .
At the starting line for the 5 boro bike tour . Um why is there a pole dancer here ?
Canceled my Cablevision service . Damn that felt good .
These pics from Empire are so cool . The practical shooting of the opening crawl blows my mind .
hey hey , don't start the new year so angry !
Got my tickets to the trainwreck that is "" Sucker Punch "" . I feel like it's not even going to be as good as Showgirls .
The fact that the Javits center has no real parking to speak of may make it the worst convention center in the known world .
By the end of Warhorse , I could have sworn that puppet was a real flesh and blood Horse . Crazy good performance .
if one thing strongly unites this entire country , it's the undying hatred of cable providers .
Kick his ass , Seabass !
wow , that's a fantastic video . I wonder how long it takes for the birds to go after your eyes .
Always a good pick me up in the middle of the day . I reenact "" The Demon "" when I need to have a little fun .
that's a stellar review . Good to hear he hasn't lost his touch .
I kinda want to move into that store . How long could I squat in the back before they found me ?
I didn't think so . More gross out than actual scares . The original Alien does fear so much better .
Just remembering , this was my original Cable TV channel changer from when I was I kid
Yeah I take it a few times a week . It's no NYC transit , but it gets you around .
This is a legitimately fun premise . Let's kickstart this ! I'm sure Lucas and Disney will be cool about it .
Maybe you've reached some sort of timeline nexus where each clock exists in it's own time so they're all correct .
Well Mark Henry ya blew it . I'm thinking of moving to Russia now , they know now to fight . wwenoc
Doing the first test screening of our movie in a theater tonight . Hope they like it ! Austin , Texas
This one is pretty great too . leemajors louisville Zanzabar
I am sooo having iBabies with my new iPod touch . That's how much I love it ! ! ! !
2 of 5 stars to Angela's Ashes by Frank McCourt
I got bowls from Wal-mart and didn't realize they aren't microwave safe :'( .
It's a great day to lose yourself in a romantic fantasy or to ... More for Libra
You are wiser to build on what you have already started , rathe ... More for Libra
It may feel as if your relationships are extra tense these day ... More for Libra
Even a straightforward interaction with a friend could feel li ... More for Libra
You're eager to share your ideas at work , but they may not be ... More for Libra
You are truly inspired today and believe that you can create s ... More for Libra
Today goes well for you if you can keep your feelings to yours ... More for Libra
You might wonder why someone else can take the day off while y ... More for Libra
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 10pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 7pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 4pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
New Event Faustian Trials Now On . GET Rank AAA Monsters . App Store : Google Play : DarkSummoner
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 4pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 1pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
Monsters problems ? Use my code 8602952 0 to get a rare card ! Android : https://t.co / NQZ 2UAQtsh iOS : http://t.co / rqjUURc 0Eo [ 09:20 : 17 ] #FANTASICA
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 4pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 1pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 1pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 1pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 7pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 10pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 10pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 4pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
I've been ambushed by a boss in Sword of Phantasia ! Come to my aid , friends ! iOSgaming animegames
Like Reign of Dragons iOS / Android ! ReignD
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 4pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
I've been ambushed by a boss in Sword of Phantasia ! Come to my aid , friends ! iOSgaming animegames
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 7pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
I've been ambushed by a boss in Sword of Phantasia ! Come to my aid , friends ! iOSgaming animegames
Excited for Teen Choice Awards Tonight , Voted For You Like Twenty Times !
We all know a sexy girl named Brittany
WE JUST WON STATE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
OH MY EFFING GOD I MISS YOU SO MUCH COME SEE ME WHEN IM BACK FROM CAMP
Sometimes I give till I'm spent and that's my fatal flaw
My "" IDFWU "" list is getting long af .
Happy birthday to my sweet baby Kay I love you so much lucky to have you to light up my world
Happy 142nd Kentucky Derby will be watching Secretariat for the 142nd time as well in celebration
"" Every kiss begins with K .... actually it begins with grab my booty , "" says
yeah getting run over is so metal
You Only Hurt the Ones You Love
Serious Bizness ! ! Yeah Boy !
A goal . Eyes on the prize my son . Eyes on the prize . eyesontheprize beemerbastards
had slow moments . Don't be afraid to fast forward thru any scenes without biting
George Lucas recently tied the knot in a beautiful ceremony . In the wedding video , Han toasts first .
Muck Up Buckaroo and get registered . MuckFestMS MuckFest PuckMuckDuck GetDirty
Eel with it omg I can't do this lol
it seriously is perfect tho
you know , I try .
Have I Ever Told You the Definition of Layers ?
Because he doesn't want to be spotted .
Alright new rule ... Don't talk to me unless I talk to you first
This clown is a masterpiece ! !
when u wake up and your period made a surprise apperence in the middle of the night
Pretty good for the most part haha ... I mean schools a bitch sometimes but pretty good . What about you ?
lol wouldn't really be by myself then ..
Time to start my first day of work
Had to get two drinks to take with me cause I'm leaving the bar to walk around
It's a good feeling when you find an error on the exam .. It means you know the material well enough !
its my senior year and I'm taking a fucking 100 level class ..... what the fuck
My mouth painting . ( Only physically able to use my mouth ) . It's ' The King Of The Jungle ' .
Xavier Johnson is nothing more than a racist terrorist
What did I just witness ?
I miss Derek but I miss you more
Hahaha the penny car was basically DOA
Lol it was a good surprise
only $ 300 for my economic stimulus check .. that sucks .
that's a really good deal !
Collective Soul is currently working on their eighth studio album , "" Rabbit "" . It is tentatively scheduled to be released on August 25 , 2009 .
Bee Gees are the most non-gay people ever . How dare you .
Take a drive downtown . Bask at a giant metal pig . Count the potholes on the brick streets . Enjoy endless construction detours . Pure Michigan
talking about ' s house ? Idk , one of them is getting married ... lowblow blamejonathanhesetmeupforthat
time to invest in a bidet . ohittickles
What are those 15 year-olds doing in mini-skirts outside of The Venue ? nocurves eitherreallyskinnyorreallyfat would've loved it
Congrats to Rhode Island's own Molly Huddle on winning USATF national 5k title ! Rhode Island is happy for you Molly !
congrats to on getting married today .
which teams are racing this week ?
Tarzan Brown road race is this sunday ! who is doing it ?
Reminder ... TONIGHT ! on 9pm . Presents : Mega Stars of Comedy JFLonCBC
Shout out to training partner running 1:03 : 57 at Houston half & amp ; qualifying for the olympic trials ! That's 4 :
NBNationals - Congrats to Anna Rohrer for running an amazing 5k in 16:10 . 79 ! Breaking a national record ain't easy .
just read about your race on memorial day .. the important question is ... did you win a bear like i did ?
run ! but not a marathon
Happy thanksgiving to all the sect runners ! enjoy it and be safe !
yooo congrats on graduating today kiddo . shouldhavebeenledyard
Lots of CT alums at this meet . Check it out .
nice job at eccs today !
a certain shirt has arrived
Devastating news . USATF sends its condolences to family & amp ; friends of American indoor record holder David Torrence .
Good luck to everyone racing this weekend ! sect
gooseberry . Got no apples ! Still want to try that one out though . Down to just 1lb of g'berrys left now !
Oh and I'm very p * * * * * off :(
oh and you're younger than me do you're still young ;-)
on a more serious note , do you do frozen yoghurt or something not heavily sweet and suitable for a 15 month old ?
I wouldn't worry , in all my years of skiing at most I tore ligaments in my shoulder . At home I fractured my elbow ! ;-)
WordPress users , anyone use video on their site ? Can you upload direct through the Media uploader or do you need an additional plugin ? ta :)
Feeling like death warmed up today . Coughing like a 40 a day smoker :( Thankfully , Thomas ( the little germinator ) is much better :-/
that's a long wait !
:D they are quite comfy ! Ours came from my uncle when they moved house . They're not cheap from what I remember !
it'll get easier , and you'll learn to cope on much less sleep . I was surprised I did ! I used to have 8 hrs a night ! :-)
see I once knocked water over a keyboard and despite stripping it down and drying it , it refused to work .
tell it to someone who cares and check profiles before bugging ppl
Stunning morning ( albeit freezing ! ) Bidston Railway Station ( BID )
Ooo oo me , me , I know the answer * puts hand in air * ;-)
heh yeah all good here . Yeah left London , did ski instructing for a few years , then time in Cardiff then moved oop north .
The cookie notice on the redesigned site ( still in dev ) says ' We use cookies on this site , so there ' . Best change that before going live ... !
probably like cars , fine for a while and then everything comes at once ;-)
We can rely on the great British weather to play up on sports day ! Postponed so no 1 son can hopefully get a go still
where is Abakhan fabrics round here ? And do they do cross stitch supplies , patterns or books ?
Yesterday's lunchtime view across the Mersey Riversde Park Bromborough
Apparently parents are paying a quarter of their income to child care . Hahah try 44 % ! joyoftwins
Blimey 2 weeks after ex client's site relaunched by SEO company , clicks and impressions have dropped by 50 % . From 800 + to 400 clicks
haha brilliant . I've had to work with overseas developer's whose english is txt spk u no ;-)
head of the noise thats going on up there ! See for a video and look on Instagram for amazing photos !
Friday - Best day yet . A day at the zoo helps I guess !
I think you're looking for
ill look at flexbox cheers
, my new picture on Flickr Photography
is thinkin ' its gunna be a looong weekend . . . . . Anyone wana hang out ?
I'm addicted 2 Netflix ! True Story !
shush - don't jinx us lol ! :-) ~
The i-pad selling experience only at the Kenwood , Ohio SGH . Imagine ! - This is awesome , Dan ! ! ! !
love it ! Fabulous as always ! ! ! ! Your amazing !
- how about a scandals free presidency , or stiminulus package , finding / ending Bin Ladin , marriage equality , auto industry .
the people don't want to know what is really going on but what the mainstream media is telling them
Widespread Panic Rocks Toys For Tots and New Year's Eve with Bandit | Live Design Magazine ...
This is a marathon of epic proportions ! ! ! jazzfest 2014
just lay a gradle on me this evening . pick 1
Cover Alert : Watch Roosevelt Collier team with Adam Deitch and Ron Johnson for a sizzling take on "" Manic Depression ""
PanicPick 5 Arleen , b of d , xmas katie , dirty side down , from the cradle
Here it is . The first lineup announcement for the 2015 See y'all on the ranch !
Headed to San Antonio , July 3rd & amp ; 4th ! ! !
Realized halfway through my shower the bathroom window was open . yourewelcomepiblic
My family trying to name a sex act with a Popsicle ... we call it an alaskansurprise we are weirdos
Happy 1st date of the century's 1st year that has 1 day per month where the sum of day & amp ; month digits = last 2 di ...
I uploaded a video The Walking Dead Social Game - Unofficial Trailer
Turner Classic Movies ( TCM ) Friday night ( 6/15 ): Gojira , Rodan , Mothra , The H-Man , Hausu , and Empire of Passion . Japan tv
Samurai part 3 and Samurai Rebellion on TCM ( now ) .
Honey Boo Boo Halloween Special
I liked a video Test of the Kaiju Emergency Alert System
YAY ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Fiscal Cliff avoided ... for 2 months ! ? Talk about a cliffhanger .
You million views yet ? Talk to me when you million views ! ( @YouTube
I favorited a video from DEAD SPACE : Chase to Death Live Action Video Game Trailer
George Zimmerman and Trayvon Martin case summed up :
Robocop ED - 209 Action Figure retro toys robots
Your pox don't look small so much as measly .
C - 3PO VS R2 - D2 starwars movies robots r2d2 c3po
Canadian restaurant guide features food porn foodporn sex weird wtf canada sexy
Lizzie is Ben from The Walking Dead comic walkingdead twd BrightonSharbino KylaKenedy tv comics ChadColeman
Microsoft giving $ 100 to XP users to buy a new computer !
Lesbians Faking It in threesome : sexy sex funny KatieStevens RitaVolk GreggSulkin
Face Off creates Batman style gangsters comics tv syfy
Jimmy Fallon birthday : Seth Rogen , James Franco , Stevie Wonder tv funny sexy
I wanna see that bus drive that through the church wall . zombies twd
Melissa Rauch sex scene wins The Bronze movie distributor funny sex movies indie
TED 2 actress Jessica Barth "" acts "" sexy for Playboy ted 2
Lavalantula Oh Hell Yes !
Does Barry ever not talk about his secret identity in public ? Golden Glider literally snuck up on them a moment later .
Morgan is going to have to kill Savior to save Carl ultimately proving her point that to love is to kill . twd
Sharknado 4 Easter egg : recreates Superman pose on Action Comics 1 cover . comics
Homer Simpson has the proportional power of a man with above average height .
E . T . goes Home Alone in cartoon parody .
How is Wrestlemania trending over TheWalkingDead ! ?
Both . The government Clementine is a clone .
Robots are taking over on TCM sci-fi movie marathon featuring : 2001 Space Odyssey , Westworld , Demon Seed & amp ; Scanners . AIRING NOW !
It's Geoff the pet zombie head .
Hottie of the week should be Henry Cavill ! ! !
Staying off here for awhile sorry ....
HAD TO SHARE FROM SHAWN'S FAN PAGE ! ! ! :) O . M . G ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! We're playing the Pork Festival in Tipton ! Details to come !
If you are interested in volunteering or employment , hit the message button and I will give you further details . Thanks again guys , much
Really wondering if I really have what it takes ...... guess we'll see .
More people should learn what self respect is LOL !
LivetheGoldLife contest Australian Gold is protecting my skin this spring !
Free : Call of Duty Ghosts Limited Edition Prestige 1080p HD Tactical Camera & amp ; Case . Check it o listia
Ticket sales for Kennys show celebrating 30th anniversary of will benefit
Would be epic , only if original cast are included ! New ' Gremlins ' movie ! | via
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Disney Pinocchio t-shirt
LOL ! Lil Wayne's Hilarious Interview via
LOL Angry Grandpa - Another haircut prank via
Stop this madness ! Russia had absolutely NOTHING to do with the DNC hack . Detailed article coming this week .
If you don't talk to me first , we won't talk at all DamnTeenQuote
the quotes tht u tweet r perfect for what my friend is going thru . Thanks 4 helping me help her :)
OMG i know . I even had 2 turn an English assignment in2 a caskett fanfic in order to focus on it ... nerdalert
Retweet if you used Twitter out of curiosity & it ended as an addiction .
I ship and as much as i ship castle and beckett . And i know im not the only one ... notsorryforbeingashipper
That time our hearts broke for Scully . TheXFiles
"" Now the world can be an unfair place at times , but your lows will have their compliment of highs . "" Yeasayer
I just don't know .
Would you watch this ?
"" @BAMABALLER14 : Look at Gabe and his flab lol ! ! Got back at you for everything you've done . what
"" @amandabynes : I can't breathe out of my nose "" inspiring
I don't even own camo . How can I dress up for camo day ?
BANGERZ TODAY ! ! ! ! !
I'd much rather spend this time of year in nyc
happy birthday o heavenly one
more proof that god is real
block me please ! ! !
If you never thru up after a party dont go out with me WakaFlocka
u don't have to jump to fly with me
love you times a mil baby thanks so much
there are so many songs about geminis I feel popular and admired
Are u fuckin kidding me ..
BREAKING : Federal judge blocks Trump immigration ban nationwide
Happy birthday you angel on earth . I love you more than biscuits n gravy
Is it rude if i unfollow the furry i met in the psych ward on instagram ? ? Shes so nice but i literally CANNOT
Can't wait for this movie ! the book ! Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter Official Trailer 2 - ( 2012 ) Movie : via
Ohhh ! I'll have to check them out ! Thank you !
Contest : Retweet for a Chance to Win The Walking Dead Compendium One Hardcover and Michonne Figures ...
Thanks for the lovely evening ! Who needs alcohol when you have sugar !
I scored 80 out of 100 in Time Lord Trivia . Play now at whoknowswho
On this day in 1977 , Leela , played by raced into the TARDIS and became the Fourth Doctors companion
I just registered for a free sample to TestTheWater and you can too !
Check out DoctorWho : The Tenth Doctor 10
Cosplay on a Budget : Steampunk Costuming ... http://t.co / sg9VvMvdtM
The Witches of IDW are starting to gather ... #HappyHalloween Photo credit : IDW editor
if you've had trouble patching since last night , pls be aware this has been fixed - let us know ( support @tinyrebelgame
Got my Black Desert BDO beta key ! are giving more away today on Twitter ! ! !
No more "" Out of range "" with aimed abilities in Legion . WOOHOO via
Pick up the SDCC Survival Guide at the booth 932 now through Sunday !
Amazing ! Dracula's Castle in Transylvania airbnb nightat
Proverbs 21:21 KJV - He that followeth after righteousness and mercy findeth life , righteousness , and honour .
Check out this item in my Etsy shop
Joe Johnston will direct TheSilverChair !
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today . - H . Jackson Brown , Jr .
Gotta Catch This Pillow ! 14 "" x 14 "" Pillow for $ 20 Pokeman ! PokemonGO Pokemon pokeball
Check out our recap of , Chapter Twenty-One : House of the Devil
Scorpios have inborn leadership qualities and even though they won't admit it , they love power .
Taking a writing course this semester and I love it already . I swear I could write all day long . Well FB probably ...
Motivation mondays . Yall can keep all the drama , this is the only thing on my mind
I'm sitting outside on my break and this elderly man says to me "" hey Mrs . Lady , you better not sit out here when ...
No work Thursday or Friday , spending some quality time with my love . I owe her thingsmoneycantbuy
Who's else is watching walking dead season premiere ? Starts now
talking to my friends sadie and tammy
i think i know kai what rei is doing
Edge just speared Chris Jericho right off a table damn ! ! ! ! i love wrestling
lisoning to tokio hotel and rping with sadie
slept on the floor last night now my neck and back hurt also trying to help my friend amber decide if she should keep or quit her job
Busy day today but yet i feel like doing nothing !
do you ever wanna listen to music but every song is just not the right song
me at this point of the semester
There's a dump truck on my uterus
ASDSGSVS I HATE WHOEVER CREATED THIS GIF
"" Are u having kids ? ""
"" i wanna be the very be - - "" PokemonGo
"" Ressurect John McCain , have a good day . "" - Random guy at the USC Game
When u have a stuffy nose and u start rememberin and cherishing the times when you could breathe outta both nostrils
Dont you have to be 16 to have a Twitter account ? ?
ThatMomentWhen someone starts telling their opinion or when someone says "" not t
open minded people are beautiful
Humble yourself or GOD will do it for you .
Tf is wrong with my MacBook
I need to buy this dumb ass parking pass before they ticket my shit
I'd rather look back at my life and say "" Hell yea , I did that shit "" instead of saying , "" I wish I did that shit ""
Fuckin bye Lmao ! I'm out
When Cancer falls in love , they fall all they way HARD .
I had the biggest umbrella and the wind was tryna have me like Mary poppins
My birthdays in 2 months
If you don't know what this means , then your too young .
Bruh if don't stop retweetin all this shit on my TL lol
My mother is 50 years old 115 pounds .. I will ever ever be fat or thick .. So please shut y'all fat asses up . Thank you .
I'm not perfect , but at least I know who I am .
As much as I hate waking up early I'll take early morning shift over a closing shift any day
Much respect to those whose words match their actions . Even more respect to those who don't talk , and just move .
why tf are you awake lol
White conservatives be like "" we have to take our country back "" like it was their's to begin with .
I don't think I've ever been more confused in my life
Watching this movie and it's a struggle to stay awake right now lol
Want new cabinets in the kitchen but don't know if I should go with dark or light cabinets .
Wtf is a water monkey
Love when Trump people in DC for Inauguration see my hat from afar only to look disappointed when they get close enough
and , you guys are too effing cute ! hahaha
The last time the Superdome had this many people in it with no lights was during Katrina-only difference this time its a ...
~ There's quiver in my lip ~ That's just where I keep my arrows ~ Doomtree Dessa
my wife just hushed me bc her "" third ex husband is singing her favorite cure song ! "" thevoice mywifelovesadam
not glad about it , but thought it had to be done .
Awesome to be in Tampa , and Richmond . Prepping for the SteelCity next ! AStormIsBrewing
Final score . Wildcats 43 . Comets 41 . All I can say is ... Wow !
What kind of bizarro world is this McKay 8-8 from the line . Next thing you'll tell me is that dogs and cats are living together in harmony .
another classic . Just watch that last week .
It only cost $ 21.00 back in the day to have your 8 year old son drive .
Best College Football Stadium ROUND OF 32 ~ Iowa State Fav ~ UCLA
thanks . I'll try to get by between sales calls . Lol
Taylor Swift vs all her exes battle royale
but Urban will get credit .
That would be the ultimate proof of how dumb the Kardashians are . Listening to a g
I played some pickup games with Stevie . Unbelievable athlete .
ok brother . I need recommendations . Don't even know where to start .
Raindrops on roses and 5 hour waiting room waits . myfavoritethings killmenow
sad I couldn't make it today but will be there tomorrow morning for a few hours . What do you guys need ?
Back in 1621 it was occupy Plymouth .
Hipsters might as well taken wardrobe tips off the orphans in "" Annie ""
Sitting in a hotel ( ? ) in a town of 800 bc of a friggen ice storm . This isn't real .
Coast Guard rescues 2 seriously injured sailors from racing yacht off coast of California .
Not complaining AT ALL , but why is it 300 dollars cheaper to fly to Mumbai vs . Athens ?
wait what ? ! @cnnbrk : Space station crew enters Dragon capsule ; astronaut notes new-car smell .
One of my favorite moments is when CNN notifications pop up on D's phone and we joke about mistresses names who may have the same initials .
This wine . Really alex ? When I say I like chard it does not mean Chardonnay mixed with every other white wine ever . Whatever , I'll drink it .
I think I made the wise decision to cancel my dr's appointment and head back to bed .
MVP complaint of the week ... "" my prosciutto isnt hot "" .... even after almost 30 yrs in the biz i am still sometimes left spe ...
I am watching "" Part of Me . "" this girl .
"" Neither one of them tied their ties very well . Neither bothered to do a Windsor , or even a Half Windsor . "" debate Debate 2012
No but really , this wind is moving the rain in very spooky patterns . Thank god I got out of work , oh 20 mind early .
BoomtownBandits dice shootout bandits gaming tabletop BreakingGames SquirmyBeast
Big Mac was the big winner of Kodama treespirits tabletop gaming
Ninja Camp fans ! Check out this fantastic video review on BGG ! - The Purge : 962 Ninja Camp : Hey ! Thats My Ninja !
I finally have enough people to do a 4 player playtest tonight of the proto I've been playing .
Good morning world ... err ... random nap , it's still night .
My friend Joe renamed Diamonds "" Really Bad Bankers . ""
The amazing digital Tsuro by has made Top 50 apps !
shower so we used a board to pin all of our decoration & amp ; party ideas to share w / the bridesmaids ( as an example ) .
We run contest ! Guess 6th faction for Imperial Settlers ! Please , RT !
Gen Con is the Blue Steel of gaming .
LOVE that this article appears in Popular Mechanics , a non-gaming publication . How many have you played ?
Time to pack up and head on home . It's been real . GenCon 2016
Boarding soon for my red eye to NJ ! Wedding weekend here I come !
Tins came in today ! I can fulfill ALL THE TEA ORDERS ! ! Also in , our seasonal favorite , "" The
Hanging at the Grand Californian Hotel
This made me laugh cause Star Wars .
Does writing copy for BGG and our game boxes count as part of the gaming process ? :D
Yep . It's only FAIR to start 2017 off with new stuff .
My vegan lemon homemade Indiana Jones birthday cake !
I ran into at GAMA !
Just a few of the World Cards you can get as unique rewards for adventures in Near and Far
I feel that pain ! !
I'll let you know if I come across it .
Since I haven't bleached my teeth in awhile , I've forgotten how uncomfortable the whitening process is . painisbeauty
I'm also missing Little Big Planet and Ratchet & amp ; Clank since I don't have a PS system anymore .
I'm so glad we met by happenstance . I wouldn't have thought that twitter & amp ; a love of gaming would
Denver Coming at GABF with Zombie Dust , LazerSnake + Flying Tigersault
A creatively unique trick taking game , reviews Trickster : Champions of Time from
Helping my Arizona flgs set up macroscope from for their game shelf . Be sure to
how the fuck do you expose somebody with no evidence bitch you suck
so I'm feeling neglected by the sun wtf is up with this weather tho ?
tell me about it .
animal this year . Almost with a chip on his shoulder . And at Mile High I don't know my friend .
A 2-0 Sunday for the dropkicks and royals couldn't ask for a better day ! ! !
You'd think the NFL would draft a simple explanation of overtime rules instead of letting the referees butcher it .
cops walking his drunk ass out .
who do you have in this classic game rock ?
that's right your Saturday and Sunday are actually Monday and Tuesday . I hope we play tomorrow I'm so ready to start .
thanks I'm still just stunned I got one pretty cool . Something I'll have forever
Dexter is a Grade A badass .
better not sleep all night tonight ! If you do , I'm coming in your room and playing your favorite song , All the Way Turnt * * Up !
Three tweets on one guy ? Damn !
I'm kinda a 2 - time Human Foosball Champion . Puttin ' mah team on my back ! TooGood
I may need to sign up for that . Show the rest of Iowa who's boss .
That tweet was dedicated just for you . :)
Just finished doing 6 hours of lab work . But now I can !
Back when ... Marquette 03 . Novak , Diener and I ...
Well , looks like I won't be needing this anymore ! Still don't understand how it worked for me . WorstFakeEver
Kansas player giving Heat a bad image .
what's going on in the lakers game ! ? i don't have espn classic .
I did what was asked of me .
You know you love Jose Bautista .
Cubs Schwarber to DH for Mesa Solar Sox today in AZ Fall League . Expected to join team in Cleveland Tuesday for World Se
you know you're really in love when u cant fall asleep becuase reality is finally better than ur dreams
Can't believe its already been three months
This is to all the sophomores ! When you're juniors just stay awesome ! ! Make your last years worth it !
you always do lol creepy
haha no's outweigh the yes's
About to see my first DCI show ! soexcited
When your parents make you late < < < < < < <
Idky but shopping alone cane be quite nice
Research found that the funniest movie ever is the comedy Airplane which generates about 3 laughs per minute .
Date night to see in theaters :)
Can't wait to see the fam after months of not seeing them :)
Realizing how expensive being a music major is ...
I have to dress up two days in a row . I thought I was allowed to dress lazily in college
Learn @UW , if you could work , that'd be great
Monroe St . Lombardi Ave . Hello , Lambeau . OnWisconsin
I just love having to get up early on study day to walk across campus and turn in something that was also submitted online
Trying to avoid my lurking responsibilities like
On this day three years ago I received my acceptance letter from Ohio State . On Saturday let's show them I chose th
I am laughing so fucking hard right now you guys
ConcernedApe blogged about progress on updates for Stardew Valley and this pic was the only preview of Shane's route
And next on NBC's Olympic coverage , amateur hour , brought to you by Bob Costas's suit buttons .
Shout out to for once again showing how amazing you are by making WVU's premier choir ! You killed it ! ! !
Hey WVU , do you wanna build a snowman ! ? you are precious ! ! Best President ever ! !
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Nexercise for working out -
This is going to send Mel Gibson over the edge . ScotlandDecides
All hail our lord and savior the taco !
Bri brought over a friend and I was like "" zomg , can I keep him ? "" he's awesome !
He was doing so well with the drinking and sleeping around god I need destiel spn
Oh , crazy dude is named Cole . Of course spn
Cannot WAIT to see on this next hour . Oodles of love , grrl . We're with you ! GamerGate
Can this scrape stop burning already ? ? Kthxbai
StoptheGOP because I want to marry my fiance whether or not Shaun uses male or female pronouns by then
Your emotional reserve is deep now , empowering you to reach in ... More for Sagittarius
- people who are killed senselessly in Americas "" best in the world "" system . They didn't die for a piece of fabric .
i get out of yoga at 7 , wanna meet me at the mac annex ?
Those closest to you are amused and amazed at what comes forth ... More for Sagittarius
Actually he was probably the avatar . He had to move the boulder somehow ! atla lok
GraduationLivetweet and once again the "" i have learned '
Except they aren't . When you look at countries who aren't half assing those policies like us they're doing amazing .
We need gender and culture education BEFORE it ends in jail masKSUwear MaskYouLiveIn
SHOCKING REVELATIONS ON PAGE 7 OF THE SECRET CLINTON FOUNDATION INVOICE
I just earned $ 0.50 at Cashback Research ! via
Go Get EM ! ! ! ! !
THIS WAS MAYYY , NOT YOUUUU ! ! ! ClassicRick
was great in concert tonight . Didnt know he was opening for but after discovering him this summer , I was so excited
33 Miles Acoustic Christmas Concert . Dec 2 . Cape First . 6:30 p . m . Free to attend ! Details can be found at the KHIS calendar !
I knew something was wrong . My fingernails didn't grow at all yesterday
I am aware that my account was hacked . Yep . notafan
I love that Rihanna's song is more focused on vocals and lyrics than a appearance , although she looks stunning standingovation Grammys
Full House is making me cry right now . Seriously ? pullyourselftogether
Fashion merchandising minor complete .
My grandpa has never seen or even heard of Grease . How is that even possible ? livingwithgrandparents
my history of English prof . frequently references twerking and Miley's tongue . Why are we in college again ?
11 things due by 12/6 , 6 due by 12/13 and 9 due by 12/20 . Ok Jesus can you come back now ? Or make the icestorm destroy Cape ? help college
The 3 books I've read this month all stretched my mind in different ways , and I love it .
Dont Expect the First Amendment to Protect the Media
So Doug Jones , a lifelong prosecutor who convicted the monsters that murdered four little girls is "" soft on crime , "" but Ro
Places to NOT find them : Work . Internet . E-Fed . Dungeons and Dragons night at the comic shop . GoodLuckBro
Another great and amazing day of filming parts of Season 2 ! We can't wait to get episodes out to you in February ...
I just want to see
If it were me ? I might buy a movie studio ... next to Disney Land .
don't they all contradict anyways ?
With the Cena / Wyatt rumor at Mania , I think the fans would be on the edge of their seats if it came to those two men at Rumble
When it comes to your passion and dreams : Never give up , Never surrender ! would agree ! ! !
If they wanted to make this a real OldSchoolRaw , they wouldn't be shooting it in HD . FuzzyPicture ! RAW WWE
There comes a point in time you have to learn to laugh at your flaws . Most fat jokes are directed towards myself and it's funny
The beauty of proving you wrong with that : I just wrote an episode of Tilted Straits where the bartender LOVES NKOTB too . :)
I'm playing - join us and siegetheday :
No , they've been plastering the Network logo all over RAW ...
U kno is my favorite . But I can't agree with how vocal he is being . He's fueling the IWC fire and he shouldn't .
CM Punk took his ball & amp ; went home . When you think about it , he abandoned his fans . Hate your job ? Ok , most do . Do it f
A surprise ... bloopers from season 2 ! We love this stuff ! Entertaining people is number one to
I lack the understanding of the fascination of her .
who doesn't love sometimes even ;) lol
I agree , since the US and IC titles are pretty much rubbish anymore ...
I just want to see the Paige heel turn already . Sexy and evil ? FuckYeah !
asks the WWEUniverse : "" Are you a true wrestling fan ? ""
she's good at being sexy and dominating me in my fantasies .
You guys know you CAN still cheer for right ? I will . It's not his fault ...
6 takeaways from WrestleMania 31 , as written by
Measure your day in moments . Billieve LiveNow betruetowhoyouare
It's like a movie scene . I've thought about her for 11 years , that one night we had ... Now , no one has any clue how to find her . SadPanda
I half expected them to pretend Breeze was Ziggler's brother . Kayfabe RAW
If this is like Batman vs Superman , then Miz and Ziggler will be best friends Cuz their home towns have the same name . Hollywood WWETLC
That place might riot if they realize we might get Orton / Cena XXXVII at Wrestlemania WWEChamber
That house is on the corner of This Sucks Avenue and Fuck Off Blvd . HouseOfHorrors wwepayback
Ember is my celeb crush , for sure , but she can't be the one to end Asuka's reign NXTTakeOver TheStreak
touche . but my shit isn't like poetry for poets
... ftw ! ! ! la la luv u bb xoxo
a concert at noon rostam what kind of fuckery is this . i lvoe it
jlamb getting that milli contract . player of the week 4 through 10 watch
We're on the board-Hook ' Em Horns !
debate Did he just say he was going to put our veterans to work building bridges and roads ?
Pelosi : blame sequester for keeping her from visiting troops on Mother's Day . Ironically , troops credit sequester for sam
I'm convinced we can use the Fourth Amendment , spirit and letter of the law , and catch terrorists . StandwithRand
So Cecil Richards , Planned Parenthood admitted that something like 89 % of their revenue comes from ABORTION services - PPSel
I knew Trump's Iowa speech was too good to be true . What a sore loser . Real Trump coming out now . Trumpertantrum
The system is "" rigged "" for people who "" study the rules "" and "" use them to their advantage , "" also called , "" smart people , ""
Where are the Democrats who Sat-In after Orlando ? Dallas RedNationRising policeshootings PrayForDallas
FALSE ! bullshit lies A Taurus will never get to close to your heart for they believe living life is living alone .
I knew u would :P xoxo
My NOH 8 photo is finally here ! ! I LOVE IT ! ! ! Thank you Adam ! !
poolparty realness hunterella boom hollywoodhills gays gay weho westhollywood pride
- * & 65 ( ... ...
Wow . Oh .. Em .. Gee ! Hahah ! Fuqq outta here ! =p
what did you get grant ?
PARKER . You took a candle ? Hahahahahhaha
I'm cracking myself up having a conversation with Siri . I will never be lonely again as long as I have Siri by my side .
"" Good morning reality "" pandora
soinlove with this cat beer kitten cuddles sleepy sleepybaby blackcat kitty catsofinstagram
love digital download from library , shopping from the couch , have to read 7 of the ones i have
yay ! now to shop for flavors lol .
Gun Lobbyists OWNS Congress ! the laws won't change because they do own congress . I live in Oregon , such a heartbreaking day .
Try High-Protein Chicken , Kale and Lemon Tahini Salad in a Jar ! PerdueCrew Promotion -
awww poor baby , sue those people and send them the vet bill !
go for it . I hope you had fun . Happy New Year .
Jay Clayton spent his entire career serving Wall Street , so he can't be in charge of policing it . Add your name :
Put down those beef tacos and try these Grilled Tacos & amp ; Spicy Mango Salsa Promotion PerdueCrew -
nope . I wish . He deletes his Twitter during the season .
School is just not the way to go tomorrow
Honestly you're the only person at the whole school that I actually hate
you're whole family thinks I'm gonna win goodluck
I would if I could
I want my belly button pierced so so so so bad
27,000 runners represent over 96 counties in the Boston Marathon . This is more than just an attack on the U . S . Pra ...
The lake is beyond perfect today . It's like a little taste of summer
during the summer I have no idea what day of the week it is
Don't assume my tweets are about you . But if youre affected by them , you're obviously guilty of something .
In the pit at Keith
no reason running after something already gone
typical 9/11 tweet but most meaningful in my opinion neverforget
good luck Emme love you !
so whoever tried to break into my basement last night was obviously mad they couldn't get in because they pooped all around my yard & amp ; deck
hahaha shoulda left your ass in 2013
huge traffic jam on westside - don't take it if you don't have to
even 10 years ago she copied my outfits .. can't believe she's 15 tomorrow
i NEED to delete pictures off my phone but i'm such a photo hoarder like i never know when this pic could come in handy
you never know when your next moment will be your last so love deeply , forgive those who have hurt you & amp ; live life to its fullest potential
the official ghost buster of the Alessio's restaurant
happy birthday to my gov and psych friend hope you had a great day
when takes selfies outside and looks like a floating head > > > >
stuck between not wanting to burn bridges but not wanting to keep negative people in my life
I need more followers ! teamfollowback ifollowback
Field day tomorrow ! ! Excited autofollowback ifollowBack InstantFollowBack followngain teamfollowback FOLLOW 4FOLLOW
Today stats : 7 new followers and one new unfollower via
I just entered to win the "" Healing Is Yours "" from You can enter too here ! WinHealing
Hoping to go with my sis to see on Monday !
Today stats : 10 followers , No unfollowers and followed 36 people via
50 minutes until hope xfEllona makes it ! :)
I just voted using THE X FACTOR Honda Odyssey Vote ! Vote now ! xfactor Voted for ! :)
delicious food at just had some food delivered from there !
Today stats : 2 followers , One unfollower and followed one person via
Win a Free T-Shirt and $ 50 Gift Card from Freebies Frenzy via
I've just customized my first page with Check it out
Today stats : 3 followers , One unfollower via
Today stats : 4 followers , No unfollowers and followed one person via
Today stats : 2 followers , No unfollowers and followed 2 people via
Today stats : 2 followers , No unfollowers and followed 4 people via
Wow ! I just won this for free , Diet Coke Caps ( 2 ) for My Coke Rewards listia
Hey friends ! ! ! My Elastic Heart cover with Kr-Ma is now on YouTube ! Please like and retweet this cover !
thanks for the follow :)
I'm voting for Ellise to be the RisingStar ! Vote now :
Grimmie's frnd Donna is needing some funds 4 surgery , if u can't donate then pls share this
Join me New Jersey at this screening of The Matchbreaker
Tune in at 7 pm EST tonight for my first SF Music Monday ! You won't want to miss it ;)
Yay thank you so excited :)
My TeenChoice for ChoiceFemaleArtist is
Got my tracking number thank you
Oh heavens--I went off on multiple people last night . The beast was unleashed !
had a great show tonight at Muskingum ! hilarious
Who cares if it is raining and the high temp is down 20 degrees from yesterday ... it's Friday !
What a beautiful day !
To avoid criticism , do nothing , say nothing , be nothing .
My team tried to revolt and strike today . They were not successful . gotoyourroom
The most profitable advice I've received is still just to "" sleep on it . "" I swear everything changes in the morning .
To be grateful for the good things in our lives is easy , but to be grateful for the good as well as the bad , that requires h
FROM NWS : Severe Thunderstorm Watch issued April 09 at 2:25 PM EDT until April 09 at 10:00 PM EDT by NWS
that sounds like my kind of sale ! wishilivedcloser bargains
Don't judge , but I love old school Beauty and the Beast thankiversary vudu contest
High School Musical cast reunited
When your car ain't warm up but you late to work and the heat blowing cold air
"" THATS TOO FAST ""
The 4 stages of an 8 am lecture
Lmao I'm done with yall
: lex I can't breath me : good .
"" there's no such thing as a perfect politic -
Trying to make a joke that doesn't offend anyone in 2016
IM CRYING I LOVE PEOPLE LIKE THIS IM CRYING I LOVE PEOPLE LIKE THIS
Ladies .... ur education , career , and money will never wake up one day and decide to leave u :-)
what's going on in Houston ?
this is one hell of a glo up
Unsticking your thighs from plastic chairs season
need a ride or die , not a come and go
awe i just passed you
I LOVE SEEING PEOPLE LIKE THEIR OWN TWEETS LMAOOOOO
apologies if i ever let you down
you're welcome ! ! !
people with protected tweets go the speed limit in the left lane
It is his akron house
a min to soon . Jarrett off the board lol . Is there injury / character concerns with Bennett ?
If Dwyane Wade doesn't sign a deal with the Cavs , I'll give everyone who RTs this $ 100
He was rattling off ZaZa free throw % when DeAndre Jordan was on the line .
Thank you to all followers who have helped - and those willing to consider . Hope for Kyah ! !
Update : My family STILL needs to be rescued . 4318 Kylewood Ct . , Port Arthur , TX 77642 . hurricaneharvey
VA fans on the 12th of June we are trending TheGoldenLily by to celebrate it's release ! if your go ...
Go Emily ! Haha .
I was on hold for tech support .
Is this TheIndigoSpell description / Synopsis ?
the last names matching . Or courtesy credits they've received . Both can cost people jobs , so I refuse to do it .
Joining blackhoodieparty in anticipation of thebetrayal Tuesday night !
I wish I could go ! The Broadmoor is so close to where I live !
I unlocked the Check-in Hero sticker on GetGlue !
I unlocked the Ravenswood sticker on GetGlue !
InsidiousLittleLiars SweepsEntry I would really love to win this .
ships "" Jake "" ( Jamie + Cake ) tmimalltour
Marking my calendar now !
I think I after we're done filming the JerseyBoysMovie , I wanna sing the melody line for at least a year . I forgot how al
Brant and Amber are still in it ! DWTS GetGlue
Just got today's The 100 sticker . Get yours in the next 0h : 57m . GetGlue YTMA
I'm watching SeanSavesTheWorld with 2066 other fans on GetGlue
Freya should have kissed Edgar and see if he kissed like Killian lol WitchesOfEastEnd ahhhhgo
Great ! Thank you !
I want to see what my social DNA looks like ! FreeformLaunch
Helpful analysis of PopeFrancis comments suggesting church apologize to LGBT Catholics from
Nice to see Tina of at Fayetteville Farmers Mkt today ! BuyLocal EatLocal
A thoughtful analysis of why PopeFrancis refuses to play the game of Islamic radicals via
NJ priest suspended for supporting gay groups , ' confusing the faithful '
Thousands sign petition to abolish guardianship of women in Saudi Arabia : IAmMyOwnGuardian ht
Debate , Shmebate . How about some Matisse ? Young Woman at The Window Sunset , 1921
Write a lot and hit the streets . A writer who doesn't keep up with whats out there aint gonna be out there . TONI CAD
This graphic is mind blowing : perceived size of Muslim population in France , U . S . and elsewhere vs . reality
Food for thought = = > > What would Buddha think of think of the Buddha Diet and Buddha bowls ?
After Trump's executive order on DAPL , a reminder that Native Americans could sue on religious freedom grounds
Best valentinesday 2017 image I've seen !
Yeah , that's not "" unruly , "" that's a dogged reporter trying to get a powerful person to answer questions important to the pu
Progressive Christians have always been around . "" Soup Kitchen Continues for 40 Years "" just not as sexy a headline as ""
"" We need to recognize we're one community , "" sez Bill Byrne . consensus
"" All this technology is making us antisocial . ""
Barron Trump to attend Marylands St . Andrews Episcopal School in the fall / #episcopal
Any pro-life Christian celebrating what Trump just did has a distorted understanding of what it means to defend the sanctity
Agree ! This is a powerful ad .
Thanks for the tips , ACESchat
And two women were solid all the way through .
Tiki denounces white supremacists who marched with their torches
NEW : National Cathedral will decide soon on fate of stained glass windows memorializing Confederate generals
. @MayorMinerSYR blasts DACA announcement : The US is a nation of laws & amp ; compassion . Todays decision appears to disregard both . "" Syracuse
Steve Martin said it best .
Not even religion and atheism
No . This is just a different way to discriminate against women in the workplace .
tfw when your generalist reputation and skills face a serious test with an assignment about neutrinos . freelance
Laziness level : Expert .
No se si estoy engordando o me da pereza subirme los pantalones .
For ad placement higher is better than lower and left is better than right .
Quiero un alaska roll : 3 Teque-chapas sab 17
Quera ver una peli en cuevana , se tarda 5mil aos en bajarse y ya cuando la quera empezar a ver cerr la pag sin querer allofmyrage
The Sutton Place Hotel en Vancouver , Canada tiene un all-you-can-eat buffet de chocolate
Un amiguito en house valentini . Mori de la fluffyness .
According to a study , checking social networking sites for updates is a much harder habit to break than alcohol or tobacco .
Alguien que quiera trabajar como community manager aca en la agencia ?
Me acorde de las fotos de que me dieron risita . Embrion de pato y placenta de bovino de la mejor
Dormir parece una idea genial oste , cerebro ?
El tono de voz de Chavez estaba como raro .
. @gianvalentini una vision de f1 . 4
Oh boy , nuevo juego adictivo , se llama rail rush y esta gratis en el app store
Patrua , scialism i kncr
Dj afro is now playing
yo estoy sober porque me daba mucha arrechera
IFTTT sac su app para iphone , si estan interesados .
Pueden creer que me traje la camara pa pasearla ? No la he usado ni una vez .
jajjajajaja go for it !
Flappy bird , el juego mas frustrante ever .
Da 5 y el oo baila para sus suscribers :)
My first post at blog . EXPLORE THE SHORE : GROUSE MOUNTAIN check it
I love ittttt ! I will pin this :)
You can do whatever you want . Don't be afraid to think big and make it happen . My dream was to live in the best cit
Hi Corbett ! I wanted to sign up to your weekly emails but the button is dead for me , it's not doing anything :(
LIVE on Periscope : Foo fighters live
you need a reality check . n
Absolutely not , I am a concerned citizen and a Viet Nam veteran retired .
Electoral College : Make Hillary Clinton President on December 19 - Sign the Petition ! via
I just signed a petition : Sign the petition : Censure President
Crying cause I didn't see at all today
Well now that that's over ... there's a Puritan speech that can't write itself ...
Ah auto correct strikes again
Can life just rewind about a week please .
If you're cheering for Auburn then you're wrong RollTideRoll
Finally have a phone that works
Can we just talk about how happy I am about physics and Spanish ?
Why do I take so many selfies ?
* me flirting * i hate a lot of people but i don't hate you
* this morning * me : I should do homework today * at 9 * me : I should do homework sunday ... of next week
if you compare Divergent to The Hunger Games , I probably judge you VoteTris
if I stare at you you're either really hot or I'm hard core judging you sorrynotsorry
I don't dress like a slut . I wear more in the winter and less in the summer . like a normal person .
at least 90 % of them white girls reading TFIOS didn't truly appreciate the beauty of the writing of John Green
I tried to stand up but then I tripped and fell back on my couch and now I'm too lazy to get up so there's that
I'll be there in like 15 er so minutes
just me and my girls
I find it really funny how many people associate All About That Bass with me
just your average , everyday Ravenclaw on my way to school
"" I just wanna smoke my gay marijuana socialism ""
I just wanted you to know that youre something I will never regret
there will be various.community.me etigs in the superintendent search , said amber waller . pgcps
Middleton says its complicated , the talk has been confusing . "" The only thing the ratepayer ... p3 ln27 this is what were talking about .
Men and women cant afford to wait to vote , Obama said . He announces bipartisan commission to make voting a better experience jour 459a
Metro Transit Police also seeking to identify these 3 persons of interest for recent thefts at Capitol Heights .
Rachel Ray just won an Emmy . The portal to hell has been opened .
Ironically , I'm working hard on an invention to cure work .
They hold water too ? Reusable metal water bottles ... when I see ppl with them I suspect they're toting vodka , not water lol .
Just launched my Kickstarter - 100 Custom Vinyl Toy Project :
Orly Taitz is living proof that higher education does not necessarily yield higher intelligence .
will you be at a specific booth or in Artist's Alley ?
folks are still getting vouchers for prereg
So apparently I've been walking around with uneven sideburns like a sociopath .
the hollow origami bafflers might need a different difficulty scale ... those don't look easy for so few pieces !
rinse it with isopropyl alcohol
"" You need a Smith on board . "" Sarah Jane Smith predicts the 11th Doctor . DoctorWho SchoolReunion
that's tough call , i go Silence . here's my silence from earlier this year ...
sorry to keep bugging you , but do they look like this ? I never thought to make jam with . Want to try now !
so , large is long rather than girthy , must attain tallness rather than fatness . Thx for the stickers too
Today I learned the Tidal music service flopped . Today is also the day I found out the Tidal music service was launched ... a month ago .
no thanks needed , we love you guys . Anything for Maple .
"" @yvonnenelsongh : SMALL changes can make a BIG difference . "" Lol for Ghana di333 Big changes will make a small difference ( Do I lie )
When u hear the exams has been cancelled and you didn't write anything Tag a
Dtopping dis week , The official video for hiphop Banger "" Deep "" by & amp ; dic . by ht
rynow ... We dey read one one lyk kindergarten children on ur page "" Twi no A'pi "" HUH Mary
Can't wait to ' shoot some mountain goats with my new toy from / ENJ
Cristiano Ronaldo wearing a disguise in the streets of Madrid
When a legend is speaking ... You shut TF up and listen ... Blessed .... AnjeliqueKidjo
The biggest swag family the nation have ever seen PressureBois
DemographicDividend is entry point 4 empowerment of women & amp ; young people to ACSHR 2016
The biggest news of the night is been officially signed to Starboy Reccords . VGMAs 2016
want hype through ... Still Kanta No Shortcuts to BET 100Percent no go mind am .... Yawa guy
What be your account number ? ?
I liked a video from Sarkodie made KNUST roar Legacy Night
eii u too u dey here
10 . Mad over you - Runtown All Runtown's songs are dope
lol but Sark no loos any fun oo bra k ) da
So that's why you need to have patience got you
See how Sarkodie dominated global iTunes charts with Highestalbum
So this is what Shatta Wale said and people started acting immature . He didnt even insult Wizkid . There is something wron
Tested & amp ; verified . It's clean
Dreams do come true when you work hard and strongly believe it is possible for you . WinningThr
Anyways , if you haven't noticed , I just wanted to clear things up . Anything you read about me in the papers is the result
i changed my instagram name , now accept me ! lol
I do whatever I want literally GetHip
Baby went to cab Danvers , I'm sober lifesgood chillin wit belle and hittin a meetin soproud lovemyhubby
I have stayed in the same school longer than 2 years since 5th grade , notnormal ...
im here foreverr willlyyy ;) cousinlylove
I need a fresh line up
Literally just died .. yourdumb madfaithful
I don't know what's more awkward , answering Dora or sitting in there silence while she's staring at you ...
yes I am ! Bout timeee , ill have 60 days on Wednesday , I have no minutes right now but I gotcha numba ;)
I want a man who will be faithful , take care of me when I'm sick , watch stupid movies and eat mad food with me doyouexist niggasaintloyal
Free Purse-Sized First Aid Kit
I learned so much after having my children , like the strength of true love . SoMuchMore Johnsons sponsored
I swear there are more fake accounts than real accounts on Twitter . Frustrating ! Retweet if you agree . - Maximus
Be kind , rewind . thatisall
Looks SO good ! Id have one for anyday LEANCrowd getLEAN ad
philosophy is my self-care go-to because it's got such amazing products philosophy philosophycrowd
Getting creative with Teddy Soft Bakes can help anyone have fun sponsored discoverteddy
Fresh is so perfect for summer sponsored StressTest SecretCrowd
What are your go-to hacks for being a great host ? lovecrowdtap
Seeing good daily with LensCrafters means being eye aware LensCraftersCrowd sponsored
F * That ! sounds fun for any adult party . FThatPartyGame sponsored
In this market you must "" Shlong "" : Aka both SHORT and LONG as the same time . I'm "" Shlong 1000 shares $ SPY ""
still holding ? ? smart girl !
kbeautigul day out ! weeding the garden . lunch break time
HA ! Just told Ray I had a put and call right here where'd they go ? Meant to say pen and pencil . You know you been trading too long ..... lol
scalped a few 98 puts this afternoon ... in 35c out 65c . offset the calls a bit ;)
"" Sidelines ? "" what is this strange word .... "" sidelines "" ? ;) I bot one googl call feeler and 2 aapl put feelers today .
I didn't hear too many FIRE THE CANNONS in gnat game
Electrical final passed . YAY ! now we just need our final Final :)
Its nice as long as those you live with understand what you do :) I keep way too many interruptions at times !
"" settlement "" is what I figured
I have a robinhood invite if anyone wants one . I got one last week and already have the account funded with a whopping $ 500 to test it out
S & amp ;P 2406 ? heh ....
be gone ye evil naysayers !
I miss having a cat .
live pa man that would be fun !
mmmmmm sweaty ice cream .......
She corrected 10 points ... that's something . ( holding April / June / July calls )
4/8 feddoesn't know what to do .. what to do ... so market follows suit - So the fed says they are split on to ...
27 Cats That Just Cant Handle It 10 & amp ; 27 were the best :) via
Skip leg day ? Nah ....
6/13 .... slow week ... - Lots of garden work this week so not much market work .. One thing I am doing is ...
back online ... aaaaaand here comes the SPY
I did not know that kidney beans eaten raw were poisonous . Wow . Hope we didnt kill anybody selling them that way ! ! Drying them properly now .
that pencil looks kinda cool
yeah I could google it but that would be cheating and this is not ..... lol
peeps been saying that since 2008 .....
just got even better with :)
Try coming to our front door now Mormons and magazine selling teenagers
America Recycles Day 2011 Pledge : via
We make our clients happy ! hibuShares
not to mention the "" Security's in the way of my job so I'm just going to thwart it at all costs ! "" mentality .
true , but thats like asking for Internet-at-large to police itself , without IPv 4 attribution .
I saw my first Deray sign this morning .
thanks ! It worked !
Part of me is sad I'm not packing for The other part of me is wearing pajamas & amp ; thoroughly relaxed on the couch having a pint .
Need help choosing holiday lights .
dying at asking the real questions ( star wars spoilers )
Cloudflare have been leaking customer HTTPS sessions for months . Uber , 1Password , FitBit , OKCupid , etc .
Assuming Keep in mind PKWARE continues to offer an alternative "" sta
Nothing reminds me of how much trouble my country is in like trying to log into the InfraGard website .
get your mind out of the gutter ! manwhore
Happy birthday mommy . HopeYouHaveAGreatDay
Boyfri ( end ) . Girlfri ( end ) pi ( forever ) zza
dude you crack me up .
Quokka , the happiest animal species in the world ...
Lol at Kanye right now .
Your jaw and Adams apple are so captivating .
"" Honey , you mean ' hunk-ules . ' "" np
Me trying to finish the semester
T - 45 hours . Europe EFTours
There's nothing like Thanksgiving dinner with family (: familystyle
What the heck was Kitty doing in X-Men ...
Ren Faire bound ! BristolRenFaire 2014
Made my night darlin .
Misha : you're gonna hate mark pellegrino after the finale Me : [quietly] too late hon
I found this really emotional and well written
Our hearts go out to those killed and wounded in Manchester . Americans will always stand shoulder to shoulder with the peo
This pretty much sums it up for me . Supernatural
Always down for a threesome
THOSE ARE MY BABIES ! ! ! !
Also , you're almost doing dom brow
I GOTTA WATCH THE SECOND SEASON OF THE PATH TOO ! ! ! !
My ass just ordered delivery too
A disturbing reality for too many women .
Well fuck them . Who got the idea that "" THEY "" represent "" US "" even in the fic I read Sam is a gift wit
I adore Jensen's I will protect everyone in this hug face and also everyone in these
This flight is gunna be LIT ! ! ! MinnCon GirlsTrip
I love that my friend stepped up for the people of Texas and is donating half a million dollars .
I'm just saying , that's 3 kitties TNRed right there !
YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO ADOPT THESE TWO CUTIE PIES ! ! ! !
That shit hurts . is so fucking talented when it comes to this shit . I want to cry and
And as far as this "" trial "" is concerned , I feel his current behavior is more damaging to his case than he
I mean , it sucks that regardless what "" side of the fandom "" u are on , seems lik
Oh I always just link you and the preview pops up in the post . I'm not uploading the saved image .
why did this scene remind me of the dark Kermit meme supernatural
I AM ASHAMED I WASNT ALREADY ! ! ! I love him
I want Jack to comment on Dean's change in demeanor next week and to tell Cas "" I think he really missed you "" Supernatural
Its been a minute since Supernatural has made me laugh . I loved this episode . This scene killed me
I am so tired of this freaking constant crap writing trope of Cas getting tricked or captured or cursed or killed ..... Chuck
I have that one marked to read
when my mutuals are arguing with someone and you stay silent and keep liking their replies because you don't wanna get involve
I don't even know but it's glorious
Just fixed my phone screen for $ 140 and I just cracked it again lol me forever
My rabbit has a cold and you would think the world is ending by the way everyone is reacting
it is so fun next time we go out I'll make sure to text you !
I'm doing the payment plan thing ! You need to come
Home Alone would've been over in like 20 minutes if they were able to text .
Trying 2 stay positive .
I want to eat 17 baked potatoes with cheese .
Seriously need that one way trip to Mars . help a sista out plz .
I just earned the ' Beer Party ' badge on
Yesterday was the best day ever I don't think I'll ever be as happy again .
The only emotion I am feeling right now : ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Waiting politely for your turn to speak isn't likely to work t ... More for Aquarius
Your self-esteem is intrinsically entangled with your material ... More for Aquarius
I just earned the ' Untappd 5th Anniversary ' badge on ut5th
Making choices between your personal life and your career is g ... More for Aquarius
The notion of breaking out of a restraining situation is an ex ... More for Aquarius
You can tell that something has changed , yet you can't quite p ... More for Aquarius
Although people may be exceptionally nice to you now , their cu ... More for Aquarius
idea : wouldn't it be ~ cool ~ to live in a world where people could have different opinions & amp ; worry about their own lives ! ! !
3 iubb ! ! ! !
laughing out loud work at these tomi lahren tweets . she is the worst .
Although you know there are more important priorities , you bel ... More for Aquarius
Your schedule appears to be out of control before you even get ... More for Aquarius
is there anything better than Mario Kart on the N64
I must be old because I have no idea who any of these new rappers are .
my attempt to be funny FAILED
yass . But dudes I miss you both tons :(
My eyebrows are shit today but I burgers .
im sorry for spamming you i just love babies
He did it ! ! Congrats ! ! TheOscars 2016
If Mitt Romney is saying don't vote for Trump , then that means definitely don't vote Trump
Its kind of sad that the old man across the street died and hes still getting mail
and many slave owners has black mistresses . Particularly gorgeous , mixed race mistresses .
aw feel better dear ! !
The cutest lace skater dress
Swipe up to see Dwight fly
Using "" free country "" and "" free speech "" as an excuse to say something very offensive
Can you tell im cold
Had him in 20 minutes and 4 pushes . He's beautiful
Ross Geller : low key savage since 1994 .
didnt look like poop . Im thinking it may have been meconium from Shy but I was flippin embarassed .
Sometimes I wonder why ppl r so mean then I remember they hate themselves and don't know how to do anything but spread n
13 . Suicide silence Well ok let me touch on this , new suicide silence that band just ain't the same
Send me pics of ur butt
oh god kill me now
My hormones are killing me . I just want to give the Sanchez family a big ol hug .
Oh also New Found Glory . But I didn't take any photos . I only took photos of GC cause my phone camera blows .
Time for a 9 hour shift ugh
Almost makes you think this might get even uglier ....
Trump's comments in Oval Office meeting with Lavrov & amp ; Kislyak make clear that he regards FBI chief as his enemy & amp ; Russians as
1 . Because you're wrong 2 . Because you seem determined to point it out as if it means someting
The idea that answering a phone call from a boss is some sort of tacit consent is not an argument that has worked for yo
US-led coalition confirms a US F - 18 shot down a Syrian MIG - 22 attacking Western-backed Syrian Kurdish forces west of Raqqa . U
As usual , the losses of those under ACA don't matter ; only the losses of those if it's changed . It'd be nice if we cared abou
This is a 71 year old man , supposedly Leader of the Free World and our Commander in Chief , occupying his time like a teen
When pursuing a corrupt politician , mobster or murderer on strong FBI evidence , if he "" vehemently denied it , "" we just dro
This is so perfect .
Hmmm Trump knew a lot about phony charges from the Russian intelligence services .
White House interviewing new candidates for Communications Director
A clownish 2nd - tier WH aide contradicting the SecState during a crisis ? Tillerson should tell Trump it's him or me .
No place for racial hatred or extremism in Our core values of Honor , Courage , and Commitment frame the way Mari
The efforts by the media to downplay and justify antifa's violence have been obvious and significantly harm their cred
The guy who the GOP backed as the ' greatest negotiator in the world ' is announcing to the world on day 1 that he's goin
Yes , you did . "" They have to go . "" - Trump on DREAMers , Aug 2015
No doubt StarTrekDiscovery exceeded my expectations - - shockingly good . Worth the wait & amp ; whatever CBS wants to charge .
"" Russian operatives used other FB tools to target groups by demographics , geography . "" Getting increasingly hard to bel
Stumper follow-up Q : so what is the "" Trump program "" ?
Please join me in aiding Puerto Rico , I am donating 100 % of the profits from this tee : Indivisi
Cruz , July 2016 : "" Vote your conscience ! "" Cruz , October 2017 : "" The Party seeks power entirely for its own sake ... ""
BREAKING : Utah nurse arrested after refusing to let officer draw blood from a patient has reached a settlement for $ 500,000 .
Transcripts from Earth 2 : SCHILLER : "" Ya want 5 hot Russian hookers , boss ? "" TRUMP : "" No , thank you . My fidelity , moral p
Want to bury your morals , push away your convictions , ignore your sanity , and support a potential sexual predator beca
Kids , remember this the next time you get caught doing something wrong . Just lie . And never admit you did it . This bein
Hard to watch this without feel physically ill . These are sick people .
Moores a constitutionally illiterate theocratic bigot who sexually preyed on teenagers .
Hes a horrible choice . Hes a grifter and a bigot . And he will cause lasting damage to the causes you claim to hold dear . ht
With global QE approaching $ 20 Trillion , roughly a third of the entire worlds GDP , is it a surprise mark
May gray ... No me gusta .
The countdown is on . Ten days left until Brave .
Just gonna go crawl under a rock now .
fmsphotoaday thanks for sharing ,
Still waters run deep .
God is good , my friend
at fort canning park in SG and stumble across a worship band on stage practicing music from harvestbiblechapel how random Godiscool
Praise God , i'm halfway there ! eastasia supportraising
youre the best . neither of the printers are installed on the computers theyre hooked up to , and it needs a password to make changes
is there a black friday deal for tuition or is that not a thing .. ?
A fresh notebook and good coffee to start off this History of Photography class . vsco vscocam
it's not even funny how behind i am on shooting for my photo project . quick . someone send inspiration . and motivation .
you guys , i am STOKED to hug my friends back at school this weekend , but leaving SG is once again proving to be tougher than i think itll be
The amount of dr pepper i consume during the summer is almost embarrassing .
I was taught to keep quiet about struggle , but we miss out on SO much by ignoring pain & amp ; laments , while there is solidarity in faithinthefog
art , i love you , why don't you love me back
It was almost pitch black and still raining by this point , but Zach & amp ; Megan were such troopers , and I
The gate to the west . mollandmerehittheroad thearch stlouis mollysmoving texasorbust
"" be straight with me , ms kennedy , when are we * actually * going to start painting ? ? "" "" well thats exactly what you're doing now .. "" "" oh "" ? ? ? ? ?
Senior Prank aftermath . artteacherlife beautyinthecommon vsco vscocam 2016 classof 2016
your writing , your music , your pictures - they can heal and encourage and light fires and move mountains . don't forget ! ! !
FSU you still suck ! Your Winston dude needs to be in jail . Keep the want to be thugs out of college sports . Dude has to steal crab legs lmao
DrPhil seems like today's guest would benefit from medical marijuana . Alcohol kills .
i can def do that i dont drink soda all that much
Shop my AVON store !
Good morning Christina have a blessed day
watching my hubby on SNL
maggie she so cute with her pacifier
You can feel the shift as the Moon enters your 6th House of Ro ... More for Aquarius
It's a perfect day to fall in love with the idea of love , but ... More for Aquarius
You feel the excitement in the air as sexy Venus connects with ... More for Aquarius
You are tempted by new and different activities that can break ... More for Aquarius
Your thoughts are spinning in circles today because you can't ... More for Aquarius
Your hard work may be rewarded by a bigger paycheck or , at lea ... More for Aquarius
Although you may be quite enthusiastic today , you still could ... More for Aquarius
You might prefer staying home and laying low today . However , y ... More for Aquarius
It's tempting to suppress your emotions in favor of a more rat ... More for Aquarius
For some unknown reason , people seem to enjoy indulging you to ... More for Aquarius
Watching the Roger and Novak match on channel indianwells
You appreciate the positive vibes coming your way today becaus ... More for Aquarius
You are buzzing with so many creative ideas today that your in ... More for Aquarius
Sometimes you need a not-so-gentle reminder about the importan ... More for Aquarius
It may seem as if your friend or partner is maneuvering to ear ... More for Aquarius
You may believe that time is running out at work and you must ... More for Aquarius
Your professional ambitions are not as captivating now that ma ... More for Aquarius
Your mind is halfway across the world , roving from place to pl ... More for Aquarius
Relationships are both the problem and the solution today . Nea ... More for Aquarius
Staying in the here and now is tricky business because your mi ... More for Aquarius
You possess a rare blend of visionary innovation and respect f ... More for Aquarius
I'm just sayin . Move pro sports leagues to Somalia . No laws . No tort liability . $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
Soulja Boy did "" Crank Dat "" at 16 Sir Isaac Newton was 23 when he discovered the law of gravity .
Hey this is how it's done . BlackBearNation CAAFB
You can bet on Trump at BookMaker , 5Dimes , Olympic , Pinnacle , or WilliamHill . Really , spread your money around .
Bruhhhhhh he got caught with the side chick on tv
I know I'm exhausted because this made me tear up sitting in an airport
I wrote about Charlottesville and the mistaken idea that "" this isn't us ""
UCF can't complain about its ranking until it's played the likes of Iowa , Iowa State , Pitt and Syracuse and lost to them .
Noelle is the worst person to play video games with ... textingaddiction
"" hi , my name is cameron . I am 17 years old . I am looking for a new best friend "" -
Without my contacts in , I might as well be blind
who do you think you're talking to missy ? ?
I know she's so precious ! ! ! If I do , you'll have to come see her
yayay we'll find like 3 more people who want to go and it'll be a blast
I don't ever wanna be here . Like punching in a dream , breathing life into my nightmare .
The south in general is so close-minded and ignorant
I forgive people way too easily
i have those spider ones too
It's my best friend's 20th birthday and I can't be with her because my school doesn't let out until Thursday
Child ' s main goals in life : - Get a blue balloon - Kiss mom's neckhole
Evan Peters and Jessica Lange are a given
Then when you go back upstairs ur uncle stole the bathroom and is spending a 1/2 hour in there doing ? ? ? ? Idfk bc the toilet is broken
the days when you made my jesse collage ?
yes ! ! ! ! i know ! ! !
Does someone just sit around underwater and wait for cool ocean animals to come by then start filming ? I've always wondered
I want them to hang out and be best buds
of course you can :) done !
WOW ! ! ! after that one .. ( ( eskimokisses ) ) LOL
yep ! ! see that was still unchecked when i didnt have a button ! i was like umm ? LOL
no :( dont hate me . LOL .... i needed to stay home for once . i was doing wayyyy too much roadtripping .
it was a lot of fun , didnt get back to Hopes until 5am ...
HUGS ! how are you ?
I had an amazing pre bday bash last night hob ! Ty
she said what's up !
really ? ? ? ? ahhh im still bummed out i missed you ! i saw Kelly everywhere and had asked her if she'd seen you . you were hiding !
cause i havent had a normal friday in a very long time ! LOL
Agreed ! yep we need to recruit more heterosexual single men for all the single ladies on the cruise ... just sayin .
Laugh at cause her ass is in twitter jail ! ! !
always the biggest worries in vegas . :) LOL
or D beat . i thought that said beat D , i was like ummm why do you wanna beat donnie ? LOL
see now thats a good convo or a good friend ! LOL
so envious ! ! ! ! * sigh *
What do you fight for ? Warrior was PHENOMENAL ! Inspirational , heart gripping , totally had us involved start 2 finish ! See this ! 9-9 Warriorphx
NailArtCouture BDay Giveaway . Win the Entire February JulepMaven Collection from
Insurgent is almost here and and are celebrating with a HUGE giveaway ! Enter here - >
Struggling for motivation ? for a chance to win a new StayFitSweepstakes
This is how the ogres protect their treasure ! Which way leads to it ? FOLLOW , RT + REPLY . 1 pirate will win 100 SPINS ! htt
Yes ! We all want a little gorgeous to look at . VelvetNoir
EsuranceSweepstakes SB50 I really hope to win ! ! I could really use the money ! !
Looking forward to BvS ! A must see ! WHOWILLWIN BATMANVSUPERMAN
Dolpnlover gathered the collection Chess Pieces
I just subscribed to on YouTube ! LadyCode
Help us to share the word and win a set of Logitow Mixed Reality Building Blocks for free here
When I stop fw someone
Time for me to get up
Yass waiting for the bae like
When you try to download ios 8 , Apple be like
My life is one big "" why did I do that "" moment
I'm not gonna feel like getting up in the morning
this is so homophobic and disgusting of you
at least my room is a bigger mess than me
Exhausted & amp ; stressed but what's new
Gods not limited by what youre facing . When you believe , all things are possible .
My plans for Christmas break
This class is literally the longest 50 minutes of my life .
I ain't doing Shxt but it feels good to know the next two days are Saturday & amp ; Sunday
im gonna write a book titled "" how young metro boomin gained my trust ""
Happy HappinessDay ! ! ! !
Hey .... I'm repping for my SVU Law and Order family
Y'all still pretending that Views is a bad album ?
I will NEVER not retweet this .
me 2 months ago : lmao no trump is not gonna win people aren't THAT stupid me now :
If I ever get back the money I've spent on food
Ready for 2017 ! Let's be great ! Monarchs MonarchNation
When Adam saw Eve eating the apple
He called everybody out . "" I'm even disappointed in one of my best friends , Ray Lewis ""
I Just Won 23 SwagBucks backtoschool on www.swagbucks.com : via
if you want WWE Network on your cable / satellite system in 2012 !
Great main event and celebration to end WWE Raw goodnightTwitter
I'm watching WWE SmackDown ! ( 1755 others checked-in )
you guys will win BigTimeRush KCA favmusic please follow me I feel invisible
I entered to win tix to see One Direction live 1DTourHouston | UpAllNight The Live DVD is available 5/29 !
Bing has the best search results spon BingItOn
Sound FX : Detroit's dynamic duo ( @Staff_9 were mic'd up for Week 13 . LISTEN HERE - - >
LIAMSFOLLOWSPREE Follow me ? please
The Best Harlem Shake Videos Ever - - >
Purina Dog Chow Light & amp ; Healthy Prize Pack Giveaway |
4th Down stand vs South Carolina UGA Defense
So glad you are a dawg MANY UPS AND MORE DOWNS THIS SEASON AND I WOULDNT TRADE MY TEAM FOR NOTHING .
Coincidence ? I think not .
Who heard ' #UGA Anthem ' during pre-game warm ups ? ? 2STACKZ UGAWeBallin
she wants to spank the booty ariana grande everyone
Want a free lens for your Canon , Nikon or Sony DSLR ? 9 of them in Give-A-Way :
Sony Michel : Born To Play
This WhyNotWednesday stay tuned because were announcing SB50 ticket winners starting at 10:50 AM EST . Minute 50
* @ArianaGrande ' s Dangerous Woman comes on in public * Friend 1 : Dont start . Friend 2 : You better not . Me :
Tonight's episode of the 100 might be the best episode of the whole series
Name a more dedicated fan base than DawgNation . We'll wait .
Deandre Baker was a force in coverage - leading all SEC CBs this year with his 372 snaps in coverage without a TD allowed .
Astonishing X-Men : Gifted :
To be honest , i feel very lonely without you around and to be honest , i miss you so much right now .
Why are teenagers treated like children & amp ; expected to act like adults . mindblowing
There is no hate like hate coming from someone who use to say "" I Love You . ""
I miss how carefree and simple summer was compared to all this stress that comes along with school .
Less than an hour left in my school day ThankTheLord leavin
Retweet if you just finished your marching band season .
well I better get some this time
Christmas Party with 2 of my fav girls party mygirls christmas excited
Got my class ring tonight :) classring love c / o2014 instacollage
Off to Myrtle Beach for the week ! ! ! ! I'm gonna miss her I love my gracie ! gracie vacation
My Valentines Day / Anniversary Gifts ! ! ! :) Plus I got a very nice steak dinner and a movie too ! ! ! :)
You were born to be real , not to be perfect . You are here to be you , not to live someone else's life .
Got myself a cool new ride honda crosstour LOL it's just a loaner
In times of tragedy & amp ; sorrow turn to God ! He will give us all the
Wow what a night ! ! ! gopack beatduke wolfpack NCSU Belltower
Wish you like this Waist Trimmer belt 67 % off : https://t.co / 3tv4mcvBuk giveaway
The first part of The Rutles All you Need is Cash
Joe Buck's failed Super Bowl promo is glorious via
The Bears are the NFL's Texas A & amp ; M Aggies . Air is a better defense for both .
It's time for Peyton to Cut That Meat ! cutthatmeatpeyton
I posted the ticket's / Fox 4 Foxnard ad . Many P1 ' s are jarred by ' s clean shaven face . Someone said it was TC .
John Checking out the Cowboys "" game ? It a butt kicking to enjoy .
Charlie Sheen on the Jumbotron . Losing
Who the Fuck are you . Paul Ryan doesn't give a flying fuck about you
too bad your mom made the wrong choice . May God have mercy on your soul . oswalthatestrumpandhimself
Is excited that the Bears got fleeced by John Lynch ?
The curse of Carrie Underwood ! LetsGoPens Pens StanelyCup JesusTakeTheWheel NSHvsPIT Penguins
Corpus Christi to announce that it will remove Selena Memorium statue via 45 News
Is Vanguard 1 coming to the WWE Universe ?
Too bad he's on the DL
About Kaepersuck , I always say , watch last years ' 49ers game at the Bears and answer if that was a Top 32 QB for San Fran
I've got Hershey's chocolate kisses . And then place it right at their feet and watch
They will finally see some good football on Sundays !
The usual man is the problem b . s .
He's a Democrat . D E M O C R A T . Just to let you know , he is a Demo-crat . De-mo-crat . Give is a D e m
And this time of the year is the peak for tropical development
I don't think time out would have worked on the little liberal
Or the Cowboys game ratings fall . Hasnt happened
And I cant help but wonder , what would make a man ever want to have sex with Gloria Allred when I see Lisa Bloom .
What would Jesus say about a man like yourself who had pedophile fantasies
Hey , it might be the first time crowd noise caused a player to mishear Go as no .
Bring back the Honey Bears
I cant wait to see the Terry Kath documentary that his daughter put together . Especially since Pete
When you're walking then start texting and walk slower and slower and slower till you're just standing there texting .
Bumping into an object and saying "" Ow ! "" even if it didnt hurt
A smile can hide so much ... Fear , pain , sadness , tears ... But then again , they all reflect on one thing . Strength .
Being the uglier friend is annoying as shit .
My dog pj and my kitty cat : 3
Had one of the best days ever yesterday :) lol
today is not my day . im sooo out of it
So my sisters bearded dragon is pregnant and she's looking for home for the babies sooo anyone want
The things I do to mocha ...
I unlocked the A Good Day to Die Hard Box Office sticker on GetGlue !
I unlocked the The Vampire Diaries : She's Come Undone sticker on GetGlue !
Chicken , cheese and pineapple quesidillas ... yummmm !
Oh how I love Josh Beckett
I love waking up and seeing haulers in the parking lot outside my window . Ahhh , camping at NHMS , love it :)
Getting up this early on a Saturday morning to go stand in a freezing cold skating rink should be illegal !
Are you dressed and ready to go in the game ? Your new seats look like they're on the bench !
One of my favorite places ....
Would you mind if I friended you on facebook ? I'd love to see the HOF pictures .
Wasn't it great ! The Morning Buzz is the best ! They did a Red Sox version to that song a few years ago too .
Win an Apple Product Today ! Just retweet this & follow to win . Details :
Did you make it to the tweetup this morning ?
That's ok . Listening to your heart is overrated anyway . Does nothing but cause pain .
Here we go again : giving away a PURPLE OWNER'S LOCKER COOLER to a random person who retweets ( cont )
Please don't kill Bambi :(
Hey ! It's not me , it was Santa . Blame him
50 years ago today , Sabena Flight 548 crashed . Let's take a moment to remember all the lives that ( cont )
MRI for kate tomorrow at 2:00 ... prayers deeply desired . Everyone please say a prayer for Kate tomorrow .
Did you hear that the jury has reached a verdict in the caseyanthonytrial .
How about Pantaleo . They can use Leo as a nickname .
25 % OFF 2012 TIX ! We need ur help to tip this NASCAR deal . No purchase required = no excuses :)
Thanks for a great contest . Everyone is a winner ! Can't wait to see the truck on the track .
That looks good ! Where did you get it ?
thanks ! I looked at them last night .... loved the one with him looking out the window , too funny .
There are two kinds of people in the world . People who love football and people who are wrong . Merica .
Bottoms Up , Cop Car , Rewind , Invisible , anything by Miranda Lambert or Eric Church especially Springsteen .
Watching Tribute 2 the Troops & amp ; out walks Hulk Hogan .. his entrance music always makes me think of how became a real American
I'm giving away another Limited Edition Luke Bryan Candle ( not available in stores ) . Retweet for your chance to win ! h
How does someone have so much hate that they can shoot 100 + ppl ? ! ? ! My thoughts & amp ; prayers are with the victims , families & amp ; ppl of Orlando .
All authors take a different path to reach the point they are at - started in West London !
NewRelease CALL YOUR STEEL by DarkFantasy grimdark
Writing the Mystery - Whodunit ? writetip amwriting
I've added a new challenge , this time for writing allusions . If you own my Figurative Language Bundle , it's there
Guest murdered New Year ruined Time to hug your husky No . 1 Hot New Release in dogs Cozymyster
Busted ! Myths and Misconceptions About Language Learning - Lead with Languages
Beautiful DiadelosMuertos parade today in CDMX to honor the dead . To celebrate their lives . Another unique Mexica
FREE Printable Vintage-inspired Christmas tags ! - via
Kindergarteners taught 8th graders how to use They wrote books together and digitally published them ! vdelc
Just keep flapping those fins and you'll make it ! MondayMotivation
Thank you for making my novel DragonGate Book of the Day yesterday . The feedback was amazing .
There is a deadly connection between domestic violence and mass shootings . Tell your lawmakers : Co-sponsor S1539 , the Pr
reaching readers who matter the quiz on Kazakhstan is rocketing thru diplomatic circles
I can't help but think some of the most effective & amp ; efficient classrooms appear to an observer that the teacher is doing v
TuneIn subscribers can now enjoy the Talking Audiobooks podcast ! Also on itunes iHeartRadio
Oldies but goodies that still have relevant messages .
Excellent way to kill 10 min with your family on Thursday ... HappyThanksgiving SlipperyStairs
Let LingRing fulfill your Black Friday dreams ! BookGiveaway
Joyfully Jay Daily Digest for 11/24 / 2017 -
This is our Weekend cheat sheet we use on Mondays and Fridays :
Wow ! Today's book has jumped to 1 bestseller in the GraphicNovels Mystery , Thriller & amp ; Suspense category ! Check it out :
Check out the Spy Girl series trailer ! Please RT YA YAbooks romance spies
Using googledocs & amp ; the Digital Feedback Cycle can lead to powerful learning & amp ; more effective use of time . Ju
AmazonDeals 99c She wasn't swimming the vat of wine She was dead ! A cozymystery with Dogs , f
Lets change the narrative from classroom management to classroom leadership . Adults want to be led not managed . Students d
Chance the Rapper tries his hand as a TV weatherman
BOOK OF THE DAY Dec 13th Free on KU or $ 0.99 on Smashwords : Rated 4/4 by OBC ! AlternateHistory
Someone on your Xmas list Like cozymystery books With dogs & amp ; food ? I've got you covered ! Print or KindleUnlimited ht
No matter how hard a kid has it at home , we can make them feel welcomed , inspired , and valued at school .
Download this free mock interview reflection form to help your middle school and high school student
excited to see Kyle today ! (:
I'm excited to see you guys too ! ! ! Just not the class part lol
When gets the car cause its snowing > > > > > >
Walking into math late . Nbd nofucksmonday
Tired , stressed and sick . It's hard to take notes and study when my head wants to collapse into a bucket of jelly .
me too . I hate being sick ! ):
thanks for making me where a coat ! It's cold as fuck outside ! ! Haha whoops
Oops I tipped over .
Feeling terrible . I hate this feeling . sad
So a guy two cars in front of me gets out and says "" suck my dick "" and maked humping motions at the car In front of me daymade
The redder the head , the better in bed . GingerSolutions
Just got a beer spilled on my head . Cool ...
Congrats to Packers RB Eddie Lacy , who has been named AP Offensive Rookie of the Year ! More :
Thanks to the registrar of voters for not giving me a ballot . Everything I have from them says I am a mail in ballot but I don't have one :(
once upon a time ?
lies , you like Arizona
really ? I don't think so . Tumblr confuses me more , plus it's less organized
I didn't have time to watch it with one of my classes
I'm pretty picky about nail polish and because of this I don't wear it that often , but this polish is the perfect th
Head to the / lair map all this week and face down the Red Dragon for the armor , helm , and cape !
A kick in the nuts is above 9000 del ( units ) of pain which is similar to giving birth to 160 kids and breaking up to 3200
SOBRAAAAA KA UGAAAA DRIII SA BALAAAAAAAAAY
because they are GUYS , not a couple or heterosexuals
This makes my stomach sink
WHY SHE GOTTA DO HIM LIKE THAT
Them : Sayuna sa Econometrics uy ! Me :
just reached level 23 on Rock The Vegas on my Android Android Androidgames
do you think you have what it takes ? why not join me for free on CSR Racing for Android .
I added a video to a playlist Xently and Triplex - How to steal Dragons Rekt
Streaming some StarWarsBattlefront , Come & amp ; chill $ for a new keyboard
any time ! Glad I could be there . It was a great stream with great people , and we even got to throw the the rif-raf out !
Party starts 5pm pst . Something new is on the menu tonight !
well , that shut me up .
Is it wrong that I like both Chick-Fil-A and Ben & amp ; Jerry's ?
Yee-ouch ! A-Rod's at-bats are like tiny little Jets games .
So when Jon Stewart makes fun of her it's comedy , but when a woman does it , she's jealous ? doublestandard
"" Obama can't take these guns "" - Paul Ryan while flexing in the mirror this morning .
. @donaldmiller "" Coffee Cures Cancer and Other Secrets Doctors Don't Want You to Know "" GuaranteedBestSeller
You're tweeting to NPR listeners - Kindle versus Nook would be far more contentious .
. @DannyZuker I'm waiting for to lecture us on the dangers of gambling ...
New Post : How can I help fight human trafficking and slavery ?
that's more like it !
Bit my lip while brushing my teeth . Idiot achievement level unlocked !
As part of our new series ' Evidence for God ' , we'll be discussing this artifact .
so begins the parody Tumblr accounts ...
it helps if you roll the window down first .
Rejected fantasy football team names : "" The Boldin the Beautiful "" "" Romo is Burning "" "" The Glass Maclin Knee "" "" The Book of Brian Moorman ""
My advice to avoid overeating on Thanksgiving ? None . Go ahead and overeat . Show off your restraint the rest of the year .
If I knew I was going to die in two weeks , I'd get a tattoo . Because then I'd know I won't live to regret it .
THIS TWEET INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
"" You have heard , love your neighbor and hate your enemies . But I tell you , love your enemies and pr "" "" Uh , Jesus . ALL l
no "" Jingle All the Way "" ? smh
AT speed record starting in February ? That's either crazy or brilliant .
Opposition to Tubman is ridiculous . She was literally a gun-toting Republican .
The GOP should hold a sit-in on the House floor to stop the Democrats ' sit-in . Then , when they're all in one place , that's w
Team song changed to "" Bullet With Butterfly Wings "" . TheWorldIsAVampire
for a chance to win my signed 11x17 art print-I'll pick tomorrow before Game 2 ( US winners only )
If I were a woman , I'd be put out by a Lane Bryant gift card . Like , what EXACTLY are you trying to say ?
Many have been pushing to keep politics separate from faith right now ... but here's why I respectfully disagree ...
True Heart is performing post-game THIS Saturday as part of Faith Day ! to enter to win a True Heart CD & amp ; 2 tix to Satur
Total depravity And Common grace Deep and wide ...
When will Diamonds / Toy Tokyo released the Megazord to the Public ?
Not a insult . I was legit saying it as Dee-OH-nah . Not Dee-ON-ah . I still apologize if I disrespect
We have a Winner ! The next B-Side review will be on WCW Bash at The Beach 2000 !
I KNOW , RIGHT ! ? Seriously , I got the entire collection for 6 bucks . Yes , there is a reason . I'm reviewing them .
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an SDCC 2017 exclusive Scott Pilgrim with the Sword of Destiny Pop ! ht
I got a couple of Rock Candy . More into PoPs
And Shane's out ! Here comes the fighting . SummerSlam
The winner is .... A TIE ! ? AGAIN ! ?
Cesaro won , now we get Sheamus vs Ambrose RAW
For me and this is just called a weekday . Thanks
Due to the uncertainty of Hurricane Irma and it's path right now . I'm gonna do this ICYMI now . If I do it again tomorrow , it'll be quick .
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Bob Ross Pop !
Nattie is a worse heel than Sasha is a babyface .
JEEZ ! THE BURN IS REAL ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! RAW
Or Braun Strowman on a Monday . Take your pick
Guess what else is free ? A BLOCK ! Just for bots like you ! :)
And Emma's career is ... OOO OVVVVEERRR ! ! ! ! ! ! RAW
Except for TNA / GFW . Cause it's a joke . Most wrestling companies laugh at it and former TNA Fans facepa
Sneak peek at IMPACT Pizza .
Pros : Asuka vs Emma , Mickie vs Alexa , AJ vs Finn , ANGLE RETURNS match wise Cons : Enzo winning WWETLC
Might be around 8 PM ESTwhen I stream
To borrow a line from Cole . "" OniRokaku . Are you ready to enter Hell ? "" Yes . I got Cuphead ... Time to enter Hell
& amp ; follow for your chance to WIN a New York Comic Con exclusive Hulk Pop ! ThorRagnarok
IT'S EFFIN OVER ! THE REIGN OF THE WORST WWE CHAMPION OF ALL TIME , JINDER THE JOBBER MAHAL IS OVER ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! BACK TO
ANGLE SLAM ! BOOM ! SDLive
& amp ; follow for a chance to win a Hot Topic exclusive Diamond Collection Snow White Pop !
OH ! Tonight , we start the ROYAL RUMBLE CYCLE ! ...... The name of it might CHANGE due there's only one PPV before th
The match is over ! Raw's over . Someone tell Jordan that ! RAW
Thank you for showing me this . I didn't want to dig in further into that til I knew for sure .
And Rollins wins . Can this feud finally be over ? RAW
You Guys are fucking retarded For cutting for such a faggot like him . Cutforbeiber
I really wanna forget .
Raven was the Original Nicki Minaj
The max and ruby creepy pasta was the creepypasta that got me .
so close but so far , i miss your face .
If your going to do something fucking stupid Don't brag about it At least respect yourself exepcialy when you knew it was wrong at the start
how can u call someone a weeb if the other person isnt . at all .
My AbyssRium :) taptapfish Download :
My AbyssRium :) taptapfish Download :
i think im scarred for life ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
I have a raging war with pants . Right now , they are winning .
It doesn't matter if you can't do something nobody has ever done before . Just do something that nobody could ever do the ...
Started cleaning the kitchen by smashing 3 plates ! I think i'm doing it wrong
Deers in my backyard whaddup
Off to a great start on this 1000 word essay ...
Can't sleep just keep thinking bout the new album coming out tomorrow and being at my house when i get home so glad i pre-ordered it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Bored ! ! ! !
Happy 21st birthday ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :D xxxxxx 21
look whats goin on ! is wreckin to kitchen to make muffins for ! Wey hey !
Today was a good day :)
Why are class rings so expensive when we can't even afford paper ?
A current bout of anxiety may be the most recent recurrence of ... More for Aries
i would celebrate by listening to midnight memoriesal at midnight ! 1DTuesdayTest
I want to read the fault in our stars
I'm gonna put a few of your twitternames on a paper and take a selfie with it haha , if you want to be in it :)
I love you ... k bye
and tweet CollinsKeyFollowMe for a FOLLOW !
I made this for your birthday and I really hope you see it by then . The 5sos fam and I love you so much
Thankyou for the tca ... I love you guys very .. Very much . Cal
Looks like the guys have taken over the Twitter account .. 1DOrlando
As people think it is . Thank you Dr . Drew for answering those questions about sobriety , treatment and sober coaches when peop
No one ever wants to see your best friend in the state I saw mike backstage . He's a trooper and is ok .
The during "" Little Things "" tonight ! OTRATourBoston
I might leave myself in 2015 . I'm tired of my dumb ass .
food is always the answer
When nobody is texting you back
I guarantee you that this is not what the founding fathers meant by "" life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . "" This
The accuracy of this post is too real for me lol
If the world ends , fuck we had fun .
I want to thank my friends that constantly put up with me inviting them to all events lol workworkworkworkwork
this is all I see in this pic
BSB 2016 Major Champion 2016 Cheersport Champion 2016 NCA Champion 2016 UCA Champion 2016 Champs League 2016 World Champion
I see this as you
if you're a 7 / 7.5 feel free to ship them my way
One of my fave activities is to blast Three Cheers For Five Years while I'm driving
im in the mood to be bought dinner
Deep fried veggies are the best part of state fair
Y'all ..... please help me out with my thesis paper and take my short ass survey below . PLEASE
Reason 10847 why is the world's best understudy
Theres no happier ending than a second chance . Kylie Ladd , After the Fall
"" one thing is certain , when it finally reveals itself , the future is never the way we imagined it "" - Greys Anatomy
"" Everyone should be like me "" - Chris Buege
mubb pulls away in the 2nd half to rout SIUE in the non-con finale at the tonight . MU opens play vs .
Why are and I watching the game with a bears fan smh
Today my mom said to me "" wow you look really pretty lately , what's happening "" Thanks mom .
HE'S SMILING IN HIS SLEEP
mubb is road team tonight . Navy uniforms look really good with patch . BEdancing
The entire In Between Dreams album by Jack Johnson
Can't wait to conquer wedding season with World's Best Date plusone
Guy : Would you say you're outdoorsy ? Me : Yeah sure Him : As in you like to go camping ? Me : As in I like rooftop cocktails
You'll Miss Me Someday - Tyler Adair
Duh da duh dada . GO PACK GO ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Best . Grandma . Ever . GBvsMIN GoPackGo
A Special Holiday Message from Our Family to Yours
I love you too ! and I'm glad that we are closer ! ! ! ! !
yes it's funny but I thought that one was your favorite
My mood changes so fast lolol
Good job boys saints soccer you played well and congrats to all the seniors
it can stop snowing any time now
im so over it bro
Never have been so relieved to be done with a class
I love people who are open-minded . People who just vibe with whatever you talk about . You can talk about anything & amp ; eve
GreatestHipHopSongs the Easter Bunny Song ! "" Hippity Hoppity Easter's on it's way ! ""
Please be aware that a new Pope is NOT being selected at Clarence House . The smoke is due to Camilla's lunchtime cigar . Pope
Bring spring . That is all .
Why is Taco Bell not sold on the laxatives aisle at CVS ? It only makes sense to me .
Silly little monkeyfucker . You didn't break ME . You broke my belief in YOU . That's the tragedy here . You can never ge ...
You had an obligation to try .. And you did . And you failed . That's called democracy . Carry on .
Bourbon Inspired Thought For the Day : "" Pro tip : When at the bar , look for high hair and low tolerance . ""
Bourbon Inspired Thought For the Day : "" I really wanted to learn Poker , until I realized there was no poking of her , at all . ""
WhenIGetMarried my wife is gonna be really pissed .
this rain is ridic !
In Zimmerman ' s defense , his wife did have a bag of skittles . Hahaha . Now that's good writing right there .
This Bickleberry cartoon is solid gold though ! Why have I never seen this ?
Fall For Greenville ... Soon to become Fall In Greenville . tipsy
"" @_SetTheHook_ : Who's the lazy fuck that can't spread frosting over the ENTIRE Pop Tart and why do they still have job ? "" THIS !
Anything that is 2 inches long should never be called fun sized .
Bourbon Inspired Thought For the Day : "" Why do ladies in Guess sweatshirts always get mad when I Do ? "" 38D ? ""
Putting a dry rub of pure sugar on my turkey to counterract my bitterness .....
This Bojangles country ham biscuit and seasoned fries combo and I are now dating . that is all .
I bet there would be less school shootings if the faculty packed enough heat to reenact the Matrix lobby scene .
Nice ! "" @stevenbradley3 : Pretty sweet sand sculpture a couple of Clemson fans built here at the Fontainebleau Hotel . h
You should be aware of what a word means before you constantly shit it out of your mouth .
If he doesn't call "" DIBS "" he's really not that into you
This girl stole my tweet and now I have to steal her boyfriend .
Somebody get me a ball , I wanna throw against this South Carolina pass defense ! goinghalloffame
Let's just all buy the new Blackberry Passport just to confuse all the internet .
Spent my day doing this .....
If a basic takes a Baecation with Bae on an airplane , and doesn't Instagram the airplane wing with some motivational bs , does
4 easy ways to get over your ex 1 ) start your engine 2 ) change gear 3 ) accelerate 4 ) run over
do you ever look at old pictures and get sad because the people in them have changed so much things can never be the same
For every of this tweet my wife and I will donate $ 1 ( up to $ 25k ) to + OlsenWPMOYChall
I'm focused on the journey , not the destination . I'm detached from the outcome . LiveNOW
Gratitude to the Universe for both the good and bad aspects of your life , and of other people brings you peace abundance - Eleanor McKenzie
For a life if luxury , we devalue ourselves , paciencia pays , become aligned with your wealth ...
I feel any emotion I choose , and I choose joy , Love , peace LiveNOW
We're so consumed with consuming we don't check for the contents . Do you know what you ate / drank yesterday ?
I'm focused on the journey , not the destination . I'm detached from the outcome . LiveNOW
"" Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart . "" Carl Jung
Kindness can be cultivated , as can hate ... Think about the seeds you plant in your environment with each daily action ...
You have a $ 5 ? Help a homeless young man go to College
Homeless Mom . Trying to make it happen for my baby , please pass it on . Thank YOU ! Love
Where there is passion , belief , trust & amp ; expectancy , there is a way , & amp ; the path will open before u :) ~ Aine
I don't have parents so when the chips are down , they're all the way down haha !
My child is very well cared for , nurtured , Loved , taught , respected
Hunger FactFriday : 50 + million Americans more than the population of Chicago , LA and NYC - dont have consistent ac
Homeless , please help ThankYou Love
Homeless Mother , please help Thank YOU LOVE
My pleasure , and Thank YOU ! ! LOVE
Me too haha ! Men always try to buy me , I'm straightforward though . They still try to get in somehow
I'm focused on the journey , not the destination . I'm detached from the outcome . LiveNOW
Truth don't be afraid to let go . Systematic brainwash is in affect , baby open your eyes , seeking
Subway Art Brooklyn NYC It was our first morning heading out for the work day last month . We Love
Estoy en el campo . Take off , and landing . NYC to Waterloo haha ! Iowa Country midwest farm
The owners of the media corporations deliberately deceive the people by creating a false microcosm of happiness and contente
But how will I take my elephant to the park ? ?
No vehicle to get around in this tiny little town , but I'm a warrior , no excuse to be found . Basement
People who think cannabis is a drug , but take or give their children lab created drugs It's
Because once you know , you can't un-know If you're guided to share truth , don't be concerned as
Peace Thank you for linking with me Follow the movement hiphop music revolution
giggles snoopdogg animals nature comedy
The world is yours ... nyc manhattan
I was eating booty in my dream but I can't remember whose booty lol
I guarantee all it would take is 2 minutes of talking to either of you to tell the difference . Cut the shit , girl .
Nastiest cookies ever made don't me
Something is seriously wrong with him and his silly ass family pretends he's normal instead of looking out for me .
What is so damaging or disrespectful about correction ?
I'm actually scared to listen to 4:44 . Idk if I'm prepared to deal with it . Lol sigh
"" Men are trash "" ... "" CHOOSE BETTER MEN ! "" ... thank you for letting me know you only believe I interact with men when it involv
Lemme quit playing and go to bed lol
Pls just enjoy your entry level head and go Sir .
Trick eye museum in Hong Kong ! ! ! ! !
This is a white mother with her mixed race daughter . Example of why "" I have a black friend , lover , family member "" will n
Retweet and tweet so she can win ! Her name has to be after the hashtag to count ! MTVHottest Beyonc
asking an aries about impulse control
men get so offended when girls acknowledge their beauty
Women : We just want men to be better humans Men : Bruh , this wild they want us all to be gay
My auntie is having a boy . That's different but she doesn't even discipline her daughter so imagine what her son would be like
when u tweet a mutual you're intimidated by
When he says he can handle you , but you find out that he thinks sucking a finger is freaky
Retweet if you want other people's families to have health insurance .
I AM LITERALLY GOING TO PISS MYSELF WHY DOES THIS CAT LOOK LIKE BILL SKARSGARD
I'm not a "" ride or die "" chick and I'm unapologetic about it . Stop trying to guilt women for not staying with men through thei
Act like he got something extra in his weed ...
The man who wrote the anti-trans bathroom bill just lost the election to a trans woman . Let that sink in .
PETA really think I'm about to walk up to what appears to be a dead ass possum and open up its coochie pouch to see if it g
I wonder who I'd be if i didn't live in this city , in this house , and related to these people . Is everything I am b
Its amazing that any time an industry is predominately women / femme it always seems to require minimal talent / skill .
gameofthrones Like a Lannister , I always pay my debts .
Proud to donate to my friend Kristal's team for Whitney's Walk to support awareness and prevention of depression and suicide .
I am glad my penmanship is okay . I didn't want to screw up Lillian Csernica's copy of Grim .
What happens when a mom gets turned by the vampires she's despised and hunted for years ? Read about Human No Longer
* * * PRIZES * * * ASMSG Book Promotion Contest ! ! ! Enter Today : TO WIN ! contest free a ...
Resurrected a plot & amp ; character driven novel CIA action thriller Smashwords-http :/ / t.co / ovsGgfVc 4u
asmsg Chris Redding hosts me today for a guest post about getting published for the first time
used to be a bulls fan . Now a Jimmy fan . Go T-Wolves
Merry Christmas from The Old Globe Theater in San Diegos Balboa Park ... Celebrating productions of The Grinch with
dont you guys shit your pants when somebody sits down during a song
My mom lost her battle with breast cancer today . I dont have many followers but for those that are listening wld you pls sha
Aw shucks , thank you love
Monsters are scary Down Syndrome isnt
I hate how easy it is to spend money lol
Vet holds cat's paw while it gets an ultrasound
My professor said , "" people don't leave their jobs , they leave their bosses "" and I couldn't agree more .
is such a creepy emoji
Yall are seriously so fucking nasty
the gram already saw it but oh welll
Im so fucking over stressing over money
Thats like one main rules of the road you learn when youre learning how to drive or are getting your
So crazy watching G Eazy grow as an artist . I paid $ 30 to see him and meet him in 2013 at the Black Sheep and look at him
I feel like this is the first Thanksgiving that Im not going to dress up . I just pass out after I eat anyways lol
These leggings are kinda bomb and Im kinda really proud of myself rn for kicking ass today at the gym today
Bitch gone step on my fucking toe bitch With them cow girl fucking boots bitch
The adorable silky anteater is the smallest species of anteater , with a body length of just 19 cm . WorldAnteaterDay h
long distance relationships are the most underrated relationships . to be in love with someone who lives so far away , and to
Kinda crappy that I have to convince myself to get basic things done because Im in so much physical pain that I do
Absolutely and devastatingly heart shattering .
Healthcare , religion , education , housing , and even clean water have been monopolized . Once you realize that money is pri
And after a long day of flexing on you niggas
The little Kourtney laugh and the beep beep kill me every single time lmao
The comments under this post are disgusting . It takes a whole 2 seconds to call a person what they identify as . Yall go out o
Met this girl today and she said she was from Colorado and I said oh yeah ? Prove it . She says Now you have a friend i
The Only "" B "" word you should call a girl is beautiful .
if you support the troops 100 %
retweet in 10 seconds and you'll get best news ever
ATTENTION THIS IS NOT A DRILL BRITNEY SPEARS IS A UNL ALUM WHY HAVEN'T THEY BEEN USING THIS AS A SELLING POINT ON RED LETTER
This is terrorism plain and simple . Terror bares no race , gender or religion . Democrats & amp ; Republicans please unite now gunc
Open for a surprise ........
I put in the effort to text you and no text back . Thanks for making me feel stupid .
Its weird how someone can go from nothing to your everything & amp ; then back to your nothing .
that shiii ain't cute .
I would really like to go back to sleep .
10PeopleImGladIMet i hate people .
Someone new text me dmformynumba
I hate all of you who have homecoming dates
I want to save up my paychecks then go on a huge shopping spree
Oh martha , oh Christmas
Why can't we get out of school at this time every day
I'm ready to have fun tonight
Except the fact that I'm under 18 and have to wear a helmet
maybe i'll just buy myself one
Looking at homecoming night pictures makes me happy and sad at the same time
I have weird taste but idc
I just want a male friend to share cool music with and maybe watch some movies ya feel
Just got my prom dress
Y ARE U DOING THIS
Someone share some cool music with me plz
You can love yourself without posting it on social media
Got dirt on my cream vans I wanna cry :(
My shawty my lova ( and my fav pic of us )
Srsly tho I was on the ground
Baby love me til it hurts
My car is in the dealership and I'm trapped in my house someone come get me
See what Kelly Clarkson saw on her recent trip to Peru with GotItFree
I want to be friends with she seems like a lot of fun to hang out with
I posted that on Jonah's account
The first Kidd Kraddick in the Morning without Kidd has been just absolutely heartbreaking . The show will never be the same .
"" My back feels like it was scratched by an angry beaver ""
Peel & amp ; eat shrimp at Up The Creek and we saw a dolphin Apalachicola Bay , FL
This is what I have wanted to do all day
To the long hair guitar player with a large chest tattoo , please put your shirt back on . No one needs to see that while you're on stage .
Attention Kent Staters : Halloween is officially being celebrated on the 31st this year !
Get a picture with a tour guide ! kentstate 2020
To bed before midnight and awake before 8 . We are disgustingly adult right now .
Its brunch time ! Red poatoes with spinach , tomatoes , peppers , sweetearthfoods vegan bacon , and
Video blogs opposed to Weekly Newsletters ! ! ! edtechchat emints
Wow ! Inspired to make a difference ! toasttochange freedomwriters maesp 15
That amazing moment when you got a question wrong on a test but your teacher accidentally marked it correct .
IAlwaysThinkAbout how I can be a nicer person
I delete my entire password if I think I typed one letter wrong .
ThingsThatAnnoyMe getting up early for school
are you purposely sending me blank texts or are you laying on your phone lolz
ThingsYouHearAtLakeview What would octomom do ! ?
someone get that kid some water . thirstyAF
I opened a butterscotch lollipop and it was not butterscotch . I don't know what to do with my life now .
should DM me his number because I wanna talk to him about that one thing ..
Do you really think he's going to tell you the truth . the way he put ... Yeah , because no other guy ever does that .
Being told this > > > > >
"" We're leaving at 7:30 . "" Oh , that means I can sleep for 20 more minutes .
I need someone new to talk to . It'd be nice . Or not . Nevermind .
My family has problems .
I want to fucking go home .
My mom thinks I'm still watching a movie up here . I've been sitting here watching videos for the past hour ...
Oh my god . Get a fucking room , you're so annoying .
I wondered why I had a bruise on my leg . Oh wait , stabbed me with his pen the other day . Thanks .
I don't try to control Solomon at all ? I barely talk to him outside of lunch . I don't care that he's with bethanie .
God confuses me , even though everything happens for a reason . He gives all this bad and not as much good . But I still bel
I will seriously pay someone to do this English project for me .
NEW VIDEO ! ! - - > "" MOST LIKELY TO CHALLENGE "" ! ! * * * RT THIS FOR A FOLLOW , SELFIE , OR A DM ! :)
I can proudly say my parents never put me on a child leash
Me : Hey Alex , smile . Alex : * most fake smile ever *
I'm literally sitting in the band parking lot waiting for Mr . May to come back just so I can blare Rude in my car .
Me : grandma come over Grandma : i cant im too old Me : my parents left me alone at the house with no food Grandma : ht
I'm still laughing at that
He makes everything better . even though he uses improper english .
In case you were wondering has to leave Megan's tomorrow at 9:30
bitch I know where you live . I will come there and I will punch your bitch face .
"" So who's in your butt ? "" "" I've gotta say bill nye the science guy is in my butt ! ""
I NEED TO BE ABLE TO LISTEN TO EVERY SINGLE SONG AT ONCE . warrior mymoodrightnow wearethecrazypeople
Welcome to my winter break . songwriting futureilluminati
That girl ran faster when someone yelled "" pepperoni pizza "" than she did when I saw her ' running ' on the track .
Cuddling with my man is the best .
Rejoice and love yourself today because , baby , you were BornThisWay NationalComingOutDay
"" Don't you try it , little boy ! "" -
Midterm season . Time to gettough
Hillary's on ( You may have heardshe's looking for a new job . )
Why gay marriage should be banned ! ! ! !
Following someone on Twitter and complaining about what they tweet about is like phoning someone to tell them you don ' ...
Rebels DID NOT DESTROY THE FIRST DEATH STAR . IT'S TOTALLY FINE . More FAKE NEWS . ANYTHING TWEETED IN ALL CAPS IS TRUE .
Quote from "" No one cares about the Presidential Election or Justin Bieber right now , they care about STARCRAFT ! "" GSL
I need a fellow gamer to record some let's plays a la I'm not going to lie anymore , I'm shameless and want to co ...
Oh man , that outfit . Props to at IPL 5 for the Rocky costume ! : 3 Fighting !
"" Modern video games are almost impossible to win "" quote from a article . Welp , stopped reading right there .
oGs & amp ; TeamLiquid
This is a thing . Acknowledge it . Embrace it .
Never too early for FanArtFriday , especially when it mixes the best of two esports worlds . Overwatch SmashBros
Some mornings I need a Red Bull or coffee to wake me up ; then some mornings I need combos Smash 4
What are your favorite WCS Summer Championship moments ? Let us know !
Dont forget a bit more then 24 hours are left until and will fight at in
Don't miss out ! You're WCS 2016 Survival Guide has been updated !
Learn how engineers use SOLIDWORKS to build a killer BattleBot .
ZvT Rule of 1 - gas Ling-bane Style - vs Keen - PiG Daily 109
PassionCraft let's non-GM players test their mettle in a true tournament . Interested in playing / watching ? Live now : h
Did you know ? & amp ; have had a close & amp ; special relationship since 2011 . Let the good times roll
. @TeamSoloMid will tryout former Fnatic Academy as a substitute for a 15 - day period , the team ...
If you are in the Pittsburgh area make sure you check out the community meetup going on today !
Off to the esports capital of the world , Seoul South Korea , for a week to watch the finals of the Afreeca TV L
New Star Trek is cool . stillnerdy
Whoa . Did you know its proof is in the putting not pudding ? Mind blown .
I miss so many people rn
Why my knees look like this
I just couldn't help myself from pitching in
Try not to cry challenge 1 2 3 goooo ......
My mom : ADRIAA Me from my room : YEAH ? ! My mom : Me : YEEEEAAAHHH ? ! Me :
Screw YOLO ... How about F . I . S . H : Fuck It , Shit Happens !
Never give up on someone you cant go a day without thinking about .
Mom : "" What ever happened to _____ ? You used to be best friends ! "" Me : "" Fuck that bitch . ""
Girls never get mad for no reason . It may be over something small or stupid , but there's always a reason .
Gemini says what they feel and never apologizes for being real .
My Queen Angel :) abyssrium Download :
My Helfrich's Firefish :) taptapfish Download :
Moveidiot Makes Moving Less Painful
Funny Conversation : So you think it's ok ?
My Mom is so old fashioned . She thinks LOL means lots of love , and once she sent a text saying . Grandma died , LOL
Answer : You can go to Clear lake . Beautiful surroundings and many activities to do . Rent ...
Guys this is a great product by an excellent team . Where would you use tile for lost and found ?
Want to be part of our next badass batch ? Get your application in before 11:59 pm , PST ! DO IT .
what about it ? I am already learning immensely from it !
My thoughts on Flutterbud on
Very excited by the fabric that just arrived architextures
Popular Simpatio prints from Cloud 9 back in stock ! itsorganic cloud 9fabrics simpatico
Lots of people stocking up on fanfare flannel already . And who can blame them when it's getting cold
Catnap yardage back in full , plus leaving for my first quilt market tomorrow . It's a good day !
Last day to save 15 % on clearance with code "" CLEAR 15 "" at checkout like this person did with this
Still plenty of bundles to be had in our clearance bundle sale ! Up to 40 % off select bundles while
Stash Fabrics Newsletter - 25 % Off Apparel and Canvas -
Monday's definitely call for rainbow unicorns ! Love this crookedwhimsy ! { pattern by
This pillow by easypatchwork is just plain amazing ! workingmystashoff
We have some really sweet Timeless Treasures novelties in the shop . I mean , it doesn't get more
We have a new bundle in the shop that includes everything you need to make this beautiful
Check out these awesome satchels that badnanasbandanas made ! - - She used a variety of April
Pulled this pretty stack of fabrics from our Sale section to fill an order this morning . Someone
Who's excited for upcoming line , Hello Love ? It is amazing ! - - We have yardage
Too soon for Christmas ? We don't think so , either - - Adorable new holiday prints from
The final round of our first ever Design Star Competition was SUCH a close race ! All our
Drooling a little bit over this gorgeous stashfabricsdesignstar entry by yarnandyarns . I
Can you beat my deck ? Start playing R . O . B . Jul 31 03:17 : 33 PM rageofbahamut
Xbox 360 SHiFT Code for a Golden Key in Borderlands 2 : 5BCTT - XX6SC - ZSXJX-KFJBJ - 66R5W [ Active through January 27 ]
I'm earning rewards in Airport Madness Challenge Free . mPOINTS
Girls can be such dumbasses . this whole crap is so outdated .
I'm earning rewards in Trailer Addict . mPOINTS
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in I-Am-Bored iOS .
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Daily Puppy v2 . 0 .
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in I-Am-Bored iOS .
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Airport Madness Challenge Free .
See how American Express is supporting the makers , creators , and mold-breakers of today . PassionProject
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Splat Da Bat .
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Office Jerk .
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Flip Da Coin .
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Flip Da Coin .
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Office Jerk .
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Office Zombie - iOS .
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Hangman iOS .
a lot of Jonas lovers are just typical girls . It can be hilarious but sometimes annoying .
Happy 30th Birthday KevinJonas !
wheniwas 14 ... it isn't any different now than it was two years ago .
My little sister's teacher quit because her class was being so bad and they made her cry . OHSHIT
What if I shaved my eyebrows off like Danielle ?
Definitely wasn't thinking about it that way but okay ...
Having a song stuck In your head While taking a test . -_-
My boyfriend is like my life I dont have one .
It always seems that the black brides get the crazy strippers on Bridezillas .
MUSIC is the only way to run away without actually going anywhere . Quotealicious
That depressing moment when you wake up after a nap and realize all the stuff you have to do . :(
fuck is one of those fucking words that u can fucking put any fucking where and it still fucking makes perfect fuckin ...
Barry : "" Danielle was really ... she was , uhh .. uhh . There's no way to explain this without sounding pervy . "" xD storagewars
I love when I find people on the Internet that have the same interest and understanding ... ness in an emotional song that no one knows :)
"" I got a dollar I got a dollar I got a dollar hey hey hey hey ! ! "" - The Little Rascals 90squotes
YOLOIsNotAnExcuse to do dangerous and reckless things . It's called you only live ONCE . "" You're not a cat . You don't have 9 lives .
It means "" Gratuitous Picture Of Yourself . "" or when you reblog pics that reflect your personality ( like "" That's so me ! "" )
I hear you found somebody new & that I never meant that much to you . And to hear that tears me up inside & to see you cuts me like a knife .
I seriously need to stop stressing out about this .
Wendy's , how do you run out of french fries ? !
step one : take out homework step two : reward self with two hours of internet for getting that far
Off to the land of no cell phone signal .
My mind's with you but my heart's just not .
This marks the last weekend I'll have to spend without football and tailgating . God bless football season and God bles ...
It's not an LSU game if your blood pressure doesn't go up . LSUProblems
I have this problem where I dont have enough time to actually do things because Im too busy sitting on my ass doing nothing .
AT & amp ; T shut off the whole family's phone service and they refuse to tell us why .
s / o to velociraptor guy though
accidentally put some of my homework in the "" shred pile "" and guess what happened , homework is now confetti how fabulous
tomorrow she'll be rolling down i - 10 , baton rouge , lsu , eighteen years in her rearview
It's ThetaThursday ! Stop by our table in Free Speech Alley to grab some treats and learn more about KATfishForCASA
guess who forgot to change the shipping address to BR so her GRUB costume was just delivered to her house in Mississippi ! ! !
I'm driving a bus to flavor town
Just finished some awesome training with in Worcester
u were right we r in the matrix
Most unexpected sweep bruins damn
lots of Irish in Boston :p
Got GIRLS in 5th - 8th grade ? Encourage them to apply now for the G . I . R . L . S . mentoring program : ...
Part of student-developed social contract at our middle school truecharacter
I want my kids and my students to have a GOOD digital footprint . AmesCSD
Transition visit to 5th grade Fellows today Our 6th graders rocked it ! Welcome , classof 2023
Can't wait to read tell all book . Seeing what made you into the wonderful wife and outstanding mother you are ! R
This is my ReasonToRise ... What's yours ? -
Wish I actually had some decent photos of myself .
day 4 Mailbox in the sunrise . photochallenge septemberphotoaday iheartfaces mailbox nofilter
I AM SO EXCITED ! I just found this unopened charm necklace from 1985 in a box of my grandparents
27 hilarious tweets about Donald Trump
If I wasn't too congested to taste the goodness , I'd be doing this too . girlscoutcookies
Headed to a 4th of July party ... in the rain ? ! rain Iowa 4thofjuly independenceday
You could score up to a $ 500 gift card sometime soon . HBQuikly
Annual after-Halloween candy sorting . halloween trickortreat candy trades
And then , all of a sudden , she is 9 . birthday shes 9 The Redhead Homestead
Were disappointed in the decision to gut NetNeutrality protections that ushered in an unprecedented era of innovation , creat
Hey what time will you be at work tomorrow ?
NEWS YOU CAN USE Venture Brothers Season 5 Premieres May 19th -
The good news is maybe all this stupid duck dynasty swag will go away DuckDynasty
Family always stands up for family BlueBloods love you !
"" You dont know what youve got until its gone "" is bullshit . You knew what you had , you just never thought youd lose it . br
we could go to the puppy place in coram to see and play ! Lol and some shelters
It's 1230 and my pup just woke up
Bed yes thank you yesss
Good luck with crossroads 2 ! Lmfao AwkwardSeniorYear
got me high on kisses
I have no car to get chicken cutlets and I'm starving
I can't wait to get my hair done monday
The moody Pisces can drive you insane .
Literally stress myself out to the point of complete aggravation just for it to actually end up being okay
I don't think I could ever have a bad day at work with how sweet the members are
The fact that they have this new chemo that doesnt cause nausea or hair loss is amazin it only attacks the cancer cells not the healthy ones
It's been a while might be good for me
Daily Pisces : You could be on the verge of a major breakthrough . Stick to the task .
I still can't get over that scene last night lmao
Bout to have the quickest day at work woo !
I work hard I should be able to spoil myself with a nice expensive leather jacket right ? ! Ahhh
First New Year's Eve I'm not on chemo , have a pic line or recovering from surgery .. If you see me tn I apologize I will not be coherent
ain't nothing like a first time feeling
not about this statistics class
all day to put together these notes for my test tm but naturally I start it now
fuck you snow for real
the season of frizzy hair back
I HATE opening on Saturdays
seriously had to drive to Suffolk to be in class for less than 2 minutes just to get my grade but got that A tho
nothing changes if nothing changes
I really really need to hit the lotto so I dont have to work anymore !
what a good little wifey your going to make ;)
just grilled hot dogs . oh yeah ! ! !
alltimefavmovies are pineapple express , dodgeball , shutter island and law abiding citizen
going to work in a minute
WhatNotToDoInCourt there might be something in the car TwitterlessDillanWest
i find some things extremely ironical and funny
well i guess im just gonna go to sleep now goodnight
I get up i see the clouds from my window . I pray the sun gon shine this way .
Some people are immature if you don't like someone say it to there face don't say it to someone else when there not there
going to sleep ! boutthattime
I wanna get beside you like the number 9 , dime
For real bro . Funny though Haha
damn guess im bout to finish this shit some other day . notgood tiredthough
have to go to a meeting at work tomorrow and I have no idea what its about
I feel so bad I dont even wanna eat ! ! BadForMe AlwaysWannaEat
I know man , I'm pretty ready for it to start though . I think college is about to be the shit .
i think God made fat people funnyer than other people cause that is really there only hope ...
for real some of the shit was straight stupid . no other way to describe it
you a bitch bruh . Come see that V boii
have to write a speech gay
someone get me some bread cause im going ham
you got that right bubba
english midterm today HaventReadAnything SleepEveryday FreakintfOut CramTime
Listening to people talk and realizing how happy i am to have a life
i dont see why some people feel the need to be a bitch about everything
I don't see how people don't like Taco Bell
There's some fake ass people in Summerville !
ready to be back in the chuck
You're damned if you do and you're damned if you don't , so you might as well do what you want . KaceyMusgraves
No , that doesn't even make sense . What would we eat !
Mom : Why are you flipping you're phone down ? Me : Ya caught me Im watching porn . JustFinishedAText ComeOnNow
and I adore you , and miss you because obviously I wouldn't have stalked your hilarious ass if I didn't .
I'm only okay with tomorrow being Monday because I'm banking on this only being a three day week . SnowDay
I'm not gonna bitch about The Beatles on my Imagine Dragons station
oh , my condolences that's quite different .
I share my apples with my dog , because I'm a nice owner .
My tears run down like razor blades and no I'm not the one to blame its you , or is it me ?
I think it might say way too much about me that my favorite New Girl character is Nick .
Nvm ref are you kidding me that bitch still doesn't have a yellow card
"" My homework isn't done , but I am . "" KSU
IMPORTANT ! why responding to ISIS attacks with hate is the WORST thing we can do:
"" Hillary um , a sweet bird flew onto Bernie's podium and he smiled & amp ; it was mad cute , now BirdieSanders is trending ""
Will someone just come read me Harry Potter til I fall asleep ? Like is that weird ?
If Trump is elected I will be arrested at least once in the next four years .
straight white woman on FB : I'm a WOMAN ! I don't feel oppressed , I have rights , the LORD has blessed me so YOU shouldn't
are straight men okay ?
Men already hit us worldwide and it goes largely unnoticed and unpunished . I don't think violence i
Grow smurfy space crops for your Smurfs and Swoofs to share in the newest version of SmurfsVillage , coming soon !
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Nexercise for working out -
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Word Search .
Dig in craters on the Swoof Planet to uncover new Mystery Eggs and Seeds in SmurfsVillage
Earn free Smurfberries each week when you build one of the Smurfy Wonders in smurfsvillage
Help the Smurfs build a village to call home ! Play on iOS and Android . SmurfsVillage
Smurfy Tip ! Growing crops is the best way to quickly earn XP in SmurfsVillage
Place Grouchy Smurfs new hut in your village to cheer him up & amp ; to play his new game ! Coming soon to SmurfsVillage .
Kroger & amp ; CocaCola are donating 100,000 Coke cans to troops . I helped & amp ; YOU can too HonoringOurHeroes ShareaCoke
Earn free Smurfberries each week when you build one of the Smurfy Wonders in smurfsvillage
Smurfy Tip ! Growing crops is the best way to quickly earn XP in SmurfsVillage
I've said that so many times too , can't wait till Sophia treats her how she treats her parents .
we should hang out sometime ! i'm going out for lunch soon for more birthday celebration haha
Christmas shopping is so complicated to me >.<
Day 22 : Black and White-Pensacola Beach marchphotochallenge beach pensacola black white
How I get to spend my birthday ? WORKING yayme
I am DONE with AP Chem hwk hoorayforme
finally done applying to colleges for the time being
Out for dinner at Texas Land & amp ; Cattle
If you ask me something and I give you an answer , but you don't follow that answer , then don't even bother asking me for anything
You know that you'll never learn anything if you cheat on a quiz by using your phone rantoftheday
Strawberries and bananas covered in cool whip
Why is picking out the perfect gift for my mom so hard ?
It's official ! is going to play Clary Fray on Shadowhunters !
Tonight , our Bulldog family mourns the loss of our own Keith Joseph Jr . & amp ; Keith Joseph Sr .
Just took my final for my online class and now officially done with summer classes
Me : Is it gonna be cold or hot today ? TX : yes
So in the middle of studying , my laptops charger decided to not work and now my laptops dead and I still need to study for my final
cant wait to see what fabulous look you come up with tonight ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I really enjoy this show ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Time for Rolandsrules YES ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Had a great Girl Scout Sunday at Trinity Baptist Church in Richmond VA ! ! So proud of our young ladies serving on the program ! ! !
this sucks I knew we would only get one good episode
Olivia is really getting on my last nerve ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I feel like the season just started its over too soon ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Treat yourself with Rewards . Register in our Rewards program today .
that shop better be careful or they might get sued for the name
Mark and I know a DJ that would be perfect for
this is NOT needed - - Amazon brings one-hour alcohol delivery to NYC with more cities to follow via
I wish I lived close enough for that
hubby will be going , but he is waiting til 1 so they have todays mail up
. @ms_doxie The thief ned stole $ 6,700 from a kickstarter campaign and never delivered or even tried to .
shop , miller lite and chess pieces
oh that does sound awesome
tomorrow should be Ben's last oncology appointment , but he has to tell them of the new lumps he found =(
on the plus side if his lawyer has a frequent flyer discount when the US has to file bankruptcy he will get a deal
I love these Handmade Too Shay Crochet Hook Handle with by TooShayCrochet via
Friday Special ! 3-30 mls for $ 45 ! Open until 9pm tonight .
yeah I know , which is sad
Galaxy Note 7 International Giveaway giveaway
just had to frog ( rip out ) 2 days worth of work
stay safe and have fun
Over an hour late starting , and then tell me it could take up to 12 hours
Ben was in the hospital over the holidays and then couldn't eat , now he can so doing kinda of a mini holiday bit for us
just a reminder , July 27th is Barbie in a blender day
dab it with clove oil and it will numb it , will taste like crap for a couple minutes tho
well if your not joking guess you just have an added excuse to work in the shop late
yesterday was one of the hardest days I can remember , Ben seems to be taking it all in stride & amp ; says he will live longer than they say
my daughter has it down to 2 for which wedding dress she is going to get , I am biting my tongue as to my true feelings on the 2nd one
and I am assuming they use an automatic ,
some of us don't have you on skype
I think today is a good time to remind people .... FUCK YOUR POLITICS , FUCK YOUR POLITICS . One more time , FUCK YOUR POL
and out of those named I am the o
Carfax Fox , you are no Geico Gecko .
Finally saw Night Crawler . Jake Gyllenhaal sets a new standard for creepy and man buns . Must see .
Ad of the Day : puts its history on paper in this amazing 2 - minute PES animation -
"" The only way you can write the truth is to assume that what you set down will never be read
How sleep and goofing off at work affect your memory : via cultivatecreativity writing
dubstep new breaks bass 140
Ready to wear my pantsuit on Tuesday ! Here we go ! MakingHistory LoveTrumpsHate govote pantsuitnation
The truth about Betsy DeVos ' connection to hate group Focus on the Family MUST be clarified and entered into the record .
This is incredibly powerful . Are you paying attention , vetsagainsttrump ACA
What a sad day ! A so-called "" president "" inciting violence towards media on twitter on a childish trolling . You're embar
Jemele Hill was suspended by ESPN for TELLING THE TRUTH . Rose McGowan was suspended by Twitter for TELLING THE TRUTH .
mauicranedesigns jewelry accessories necklace earrings brass crystals flowers bling birds
photography preview of last nights fashionshow produced styled accessories hat by
mauicranedesigns plastic spoon rose flower wallart permanent gallery instillation will be up
editing pictures with from this weeks model development photo-shoot for the stylish
Let the weaving begin couture copper bloom kmac fashionshow workinprogress
model development bts photography model creative director
workinprogress military eagle floral camo wallart home decor coming soon to
comingsoon mermaid accessory collection pearl gold shell stone necklace
On set day 1 Cleveland Clinc commercials wardrobe stylist
We are excited to announce that DJ Dahknee will be customizing our music & amp ; Jordan Adrian will be
wip workinprogress wood portrait series art collection to be hung & amp ; $ old at
Thank you for my beautiful new pink scarf xoxo loubie frenchie frenchbulldog
wip workinprogress handmade art floral pussywillow branch bird
Some of my favorite quotes going on this new painting wip workinprogress
wip workinprogress spring summer accessory collection - gold crystal
Working on some more earrings for The Night Market tomorrow . Summer stone & amp ; pearl accessory
Delivery day & amp ; setup .... Day 3 of floral decor for an event with red
The wip workinprogress of the beautiful model _gabbysabad_ It makes the perfect gift for
We are all made of stardust new space art collection galaxy portraits
Grand opening lexington I am so excited to have my art displayed in such an amazing
Closeup detail shot new artwork preview working on making leaves from old photography film
bts photoshoot with model jennamezcua and ... Getting all the models ready !
I found my favorite bow : 3
we need your expertise to stop the ban on Kratom . iamkratom savekratom
I know you are bro
I usually wait for to tweet me
My man coach sig with his daily wisdom
Talk about a bitch nigga subtweet me but won't me
Can't believe Kendrick maple lost
I like that punt return !
Uncle blake knows how to put him to sleep .
I need some help with my yard but my friends don't wanna help guess I'll have to go to the Home Depot to find help
haha it's bad ass bro !
Yeah I punked out through a snap chat haha
She got that death grip now lol
My dude a natty champ
DANM ITS REAL OUT HERE
imma see you in the morning lol
I'm ready to be off already
A mans best friend !
tequila makes her clothes fall off
Everyone doubting my steelers !
Different person , same feelings .
Up late at night got me thinkin
Great shot of hugging Franco at the induction . Bus said , "" I couldn't let you be alone "" Steelers NFL ht
Someone very wise once told me "" you can't have what you don't ask for "" so give it to me :)
San Francisco deputy charged with assault & amp ; perjury after surveillance video proves he lied on arrest report
AlbertaSpruil : Government worker . Cops threw a grenade into her home . She died of a heart attack . SayHerName
Read the open letter to US Treasury Sec . Jack Lew signed by NotGoingBack :
Hope to see you there ! !
Totally celebrating Hanksgiving next year XD
this entire day was perfect if only every day were like today
OKAY BUT THIS LITTLE FART JUST DECIDED NOW WAS A GOOD TIME TO PLAY IN HER HAMSTER WHEEL & amp ; EAT EVERYTHING . SO MUCH NOISE OMG hedgehogprobs
When you love the mailbox more than you love your friends
"" I have bested everyone .... including myself ""
My granddad let me play his guitar today
Man I got that fire therefore I won't retire About to take her higher , higher than a wire
I'm at Sabre - Building A
I'm at Sabre Parking Garage
I'm at Dollar General (8 25 W 1St St , Justin )
I'm at Justin , TX ( Justin )
I'm at Boopa's Bagel Deli ( 6513 N . Beach St . , Western Center Blvd , Fort Worth )
One of the main reasons I don't go to Walmart
Does anyone have a Galaxy phone where Google Play Music starts playing randomly ? I disabled bluetooth ... thinking ...
Breaking Bad Fan group places paid obituary for Walter White
Wanna drive a hell car ?
I gotta admit ... I am pretty frightened of this girl Brooklynn aka Stacy , that I am gonna hang out with in Vegas ....
Lisa Warbritton Lawson , Brian R Tidwell
Read an excerpt from the DuckDynasty Women -
Annemarie Fragoso Cook , Lisa Warbritton Lawson - FYI - Another race weekend to be aware of .
I've collected 380 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I Got ' Your Mom ' - Are you more like your Mom or your Dad ?
Just got a call from Sabre ... Interview 2 scheduled for next week !
Just found this CSA today for Denton County . Home delivery , looks like a decent deal . I thought I would share ...
Check out the app to win great prizes , offers and more ... It's just like the lottery !
Was your fave spot during the game ? Vote now ! AvosInSpace SB50 ad -
Wolf needs to quit interrupting . All of the hosts today are interrupting like crazy
Thanks ! ! For books w / strong females , what about Barbara Kingsolver , Amy Tan , Jane Hamilton , Isabel Alle ...
Heard this piece on NPR about self-talk . Definitely worth a listen ! Research shows how much our self-talk shapes ...
Your math is wrong ...
"" OW I BURNT MY HAND ! ... at night . "" if you remember this
Words can be as sharp as daggers , be careful how you use them .
I'm so glad I don't fit in . That will never be me . Outcasts , and girls with ambition , that's what I wanna see .
Of Mice & amp ; Men
Summer lasted a good five minutes .
is trash ... Everyone talks at once ... #TerribleTV
but they have that Mary Berry ...
Thank you , JJAbrams TheForceAwakens
Sorry , you get no "" Golden Ticket "" ... I gave a shot ... #ZZZZZZZZ
THE PEYTON OR THE GISELLE HUSBAND ?
... never saw that coming ... #SB50
Great reading ! Love it ! OmegaDays
Barbara & amp ; I celebrated our 51st Wedding Anniversary yesterday , March 14th . We are very happy , but I would be happier if sh
This pretty much sums up my day .. newsunglasses notanymore
ZOMBIE ! ! ! GameofThrones
she is worth it !
A most Happiest of Birthdays to Enjoy your day !
Wondering how to grow on twitter ? I gained 1 follower in the past week . This is the app :
Oklahoma gives us Pollocks a bad name ...
I think I've watched every episode at least 5 times and I still giggle ...
Congratulations to Archbishop Wood Vikings on winning the District 12 5A Championship .
Nice Christmas card ! MusicCityMiracleOn 34thStreet
I am out ! !
Makes Weddings Great Again ! IMPACTonPOP
is Queen of the Retweets ... #JustSayin
didn't drop them nachos tho ...
meh ... the after taste is terrible ...
This seems a good place to park my motorcycle .
Please Japan never change .
Youre quite content being alone now , especially if it means y ... More for Capricorn
Fuck Money Team ! ! MayweathervMcgregor
lol Nakai pulling a Kojima . WIPCLIMAX
Youre quite content being alone now , especially if it means y ... More for Capricorn
Match 1 : John Cena vs . Jason Jordan RAW
Enzo Amore Eliminates Cedric at 14:48 and becomes the 1 Contender for the Cruserweight Championship 205Live
Main Event : NEVER Openweight Championship Title Match : Minoru Suzuki ( c ) vs . Michael Elgin njpw njpwworld njdest
Main Event : Shanya Bazler vs . Kairi Sane ( Mae Young Classic Finals ) MaeYoungClassic
Oh Snap , Hiromu out as well . njpw njpwworld njdest
10 Years ago today . One of The CWs biggest shows premiered . GossipGirl 10thAnniversary
Crazy Man on the loose ! njpw njpwworld njdest
WWE is only willing to pull the trigger on Roman Reigns . And you wonder why I've stopped watching WWE .
lol yeah , it must kill you to know the truth about someone ( when you find out they AREN'T racist ) .
Frustrated Nation Out Of Ideas To Solve Gun Violence Problem Except For All The Obvious Ones
M22 : Bokutachi wa Tatakawanai ( NGT 48 ) M23 : RIVER ( STU 48 ) M24 : UZA ( Team 8)
Tama be like "" You're Welcome "" . njkopw
But of course Social JustUs Warriors wont do that since they will complain and call Twitter "" racist "" and "" sexist "" cause of this .
Alexa saying I like my butt , its cute will give creepy fans an excuse to say that to her for the next 6 months . WWETLC
Mayu san Good luck Mayu san
Match 8: IWGP United States Championship Title Match : Kenny Omega ( c ) vs . Trent Beretta njpw njpwworld njpst
Come on , Republicans . Is this who we are ? This cannot be who we are .
Awesome to see Noepii in the front :D .
lol and Adam Cole is like , THANK GOD ! NXTTakeOver WarGames
Although you dont often let your feelings get in the way of y ... More for Capricorn
It has been __0__ days since Trump has reminded you he is a terrible human being .
Oh Noepii lmao . ( I guess she's the new Hillary when it comes to these ) . Just wanted to give those 16th Gen Girls a
My husband had given the world his heart soul . Shame on anyone who treats him less than what he deserves . He was a
The vote to end NetNeutrality passed today . This remains a very important issue for gamers ( and everyone ) . There is s
Even though I don't think they won't , They should have Alexa Bliss in the Rumble and have Trish Stratus be a surpri
Umm , how tf did he get my number ? ?
Such A Sweet heart ... Ill Be Waiting :P
he want me but I want you ,
if you think not talkin to me for days at a time is alright you need to re evaluate yourself I'm not gonna be the only one puttin in effort
I wanna do something tomorrow ,
I have legit reasons why I'm mad , & amp ; & amp ; when I'm mad I shut down ,
I need something to do !
My shorts keep falling , I need a belt
smh I feel sick , like wtf
Wish I had somebody that had my back , smh
Can't stop someone from doing what they want to do
Pills & amp ; & amp ; potion
I see little feet & amp ; & amp ; little hands , lol the one at the bottom being difficult lol
Lmaooooo Now this nigga wana wear Trojan ... It's a little too late ...
Gettin blood drawn don't even phase me , needles , none of that
bitch followed me on IG LURKING then unfollowed me . found what you was looking for ? ?
I need to go & amp ; & amp ; get me some more cereal , that latenighthunger is no joke lol
something I wrote about rap , Baltimore , and Ferguson :
AMBER ALERT | One-month-old baby missing and in "" extreme danger ""
lmaoo that was rude lmao
food show later , yay lol I get to eat lol
I'm jus ready to hold em , & amp ; & amp ; love em lol
Didn't even realize what time it was
the lies lol but no I didn't lol they real comfortable in here
lol I've been good . tired lol these babies so busy
I saw the pic on Shiba Inu Lovers fb pg . I shared it but didnt know it was Nami til Val told me
Yes , Zeus------we all have to wait til Shibamas ! ! ! !
I iz Santa Paws Canine Kringle ! ! BOL
Ortiz is about to throw the kitchen sink ! at Burto BurtoOrtiz
"" Jamming "" with bobmarley
Ahhhh Com'on .. man ! ! ! ! Not the tight lip-misty-no-handkerchief smelly sneeze ! Not cool man .... not cool ! :-/ hazey runningaway
Don't forget to brush / floss before you turn in communityservice :-)
"" Oh y'all meant the TAPE tape . "" -
that's a fucking lie . to say president obama ( or past presidents ) didn't call the family members of soldiers KIA - he's
Photo : Katie Banks in 3D . Now if I could just find my glasses . ;)
Katie in the bathtub .
FF Bella <3 ( lots of free boobies ar ...
Tweet for windpower ! Have 1 minute ? Promote safe clean wind energy on Twitter . pls !
( 2/2 ) being scammed as well . I guess you cant fix stupid . Lol
Photo : katiebanks : fishnet lovers rejoice
Photoset : Beautiful Self Shot .
Thats probably because she thinks its her new nap bed . Lol
Photo : Katie Banks on the Patio .
Photo : Happy New Years ! ! this video i live for members , the photo set goes live tonight ! this is the proper ...
WWF's goal is to help shrink humanity's footprint , so it stays within the Earth's capacity to sustain life .
Finally ! A first look at the all-female Ghostbusters .
Sad doesn't even begin ... RIPDebbieReynolds
Day 2 brings us to the bar ! Say hello to Dani , Dylan and Eddie !
I hope everything is going okay with your family and that they get well soon .
I think has made my day ! First their new cover came out , then they followed me ! :)
Bible study going LIVE now ! Come join us !
I hope I get to see in The Revolve Tour when they come to Oklahoma ! But I have to wait until September ... excited
Therefore do not worry about tomorrow , for tomorrow will worry about itself . Each day has enough trouble of its own . Matthew 6:34
I got honorable mention at my piano competition today ! There was so much talent , and I loved performing !
Page turns makes everything more awkward pianoproblems
I had a great week in San Antonio !
Thanks to Drummond and its sketchy elevators , I got my workout for the day walking up 8 flights of stairs !
My two week old rescue kitten is my tiny love . mastiffmonday
Statistics professor : "" I have office hours on Friday , just in case anyone wants to cry in my office . ""
Can't decide if I need a hug , an XL coffee , 6 shots of vodka or 2 weeks of sleep .
Right ? ! My tweet showed up in Times Square ! I knew I got a Twitter account for a reason AlmostFamous haha
I have far too active of an imagination to be living alone in the basement of a house BumpInTheNight WhatWasThat ?
And you traveled all that way Shucks
Next time ? ? ? So a visit will really happen ? ? Fur sure though , we'll have to break it down , haha
I'm going to make it through the day without eating the M & amp ; Ms in the break room WillPower
would be a fun guy to party with .
Listened to a few songs by today ... I'm a fan . Go listen to him !
With as much as I like to sleep , you'd think I'd learn to go to bed early . That's near impossible with an unfinished jigsaw laying around ! !
Lovely luncheon with my co-workers . Felt all professional and such . Put my business eating etiquette skills to good use !
Habitat for Humanity--if you haven't helped out this organization , get on it . Good cause and a great time .
It's about time to pass on the responsibilities .
Yeah , the link didn't work . Blue stitching is beautiful ! Those ones always catch my eye . Were they Justin's ?
I think you're magnificent .
6th grader gives some deep advice to next years 6th grader :
Trying to decide which outweighs which for this job offer : the pros or the cons .
I'm too far away from you ! TwinTime
You're cool too Just ran into on the street during CMAFest . Cool cats !
The hardest thing about care is making sure everyone knows how much I care . CareCrowd ad EveryDayCare
Your bad grammar / speling would indicate you are still mostly asleep .
Bug was flying in front of me ... squashed it in mid air . NOT IN MY HOUSE .
Today I learned that hand sanitizer works to remove ink stains from clothes .
Go To My Youtube Swagisabeast watch my videos bitch
I liked a video from blog 1
I added a video to a playlist n * * * * s be like swag is random video 2
I liked a video Three Loco - Morphine Popsicles ( Prod by DJA )
sub me back ( @YouTube
First comment This stuff Great ( @YouTube
I liked a video LeBron James video bombs Chris Bosh
I liked a video from Cocaine Free Jerkin Beat Prod By DjTswagga
I liked a video from Mr . OG Chief Cooks meal for grandma l Based rare cooking l lil b
I liked a video RoseyBeats x Dj Tswagga - Drama Kid
yo drek got sum lines for the new show sent them to yo email let me know if you still going do em - Tswagga
I liked a video CY ft LITOS "" southwest "" ( OFFICIAL VIDEO ) shot by realcity 411
Sick Days By Tswagga Prod By Giga H . d Leaked * : via
I liked a video from New ! Trap Beat - Clouds ( Prod . Ray Billz )
* Free Beat * Cup Of Noodles - Prod by Tswagga x King Troll ( The Majic Trollz ): via
I liked a video King Troll - Mortal Kombat The Woods ( inspired by FreestyleBeat
"" WE LIVE IN A WORLD WHERE WE HAVE TO HIDE TO MAKE LOVE , WHILE VIOLENCE IS PRACTICED IN BROAD DAYLIGHT . "" - John Lennon
3 worst kinds of people : 1 . Terrorists 2 . Serial killers 3 . A bride planning her wedding
I can't afford a vacation So I'll just drink until I don't know where I am .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Swap Da Gem Android .
You are a veritable source of exultation . DaDailyCompliment
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Tap Da Cookie Android .
I just checked in at Salt with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Light Da Fuse Android .
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with FlipDaCoin !
I just checked in at Citibank with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Carolinas Cantina with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Citibank with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with SwapDaGem !
You can have people like you or accept you for who you are , but not both . DaDailyInsult
I just checked in at Carolinas Cantina with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Marys Tavern with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with SwapDaGem !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Da Daily Compliment Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Roll Da Dice Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Swap Da Gem Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Da Daily Compliment Android .
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with LightDaFuse ! app
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Flip Da Coin Android .
I entered Destination : Freedom for an American landmark vacation !
I just checked in at Marys Tavern with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I just checked in at Citibank with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Citibank with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Carolinas Cantina with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Carolinas Cantina with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I just checked in at Marys Tavern with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
$ 100,000 could be mine in the Lucktastic Cash Blast contest !
A trip to NYC could give me up to $ 100,000 !
$ 100,000 could be mine in the Lucktastic Cash Blast contest !
Aw shucks ! Thanks :D
or is there a 6th grade sign up ?
Good point . Can also be leading parents how to log in to check grades etc satchatoc
right ? why knock myself out planning til midnight ? the Ss always have way better ideas than I do :) innoed
A2 : Data is important and useful , but I think flawed data that does accurately represent student knowledge can be detrimental
:) :) A2 I'm supposed to SHARE ? ? ? LeadWithGiants
I think , if everyone volunteered in a children's hospital for a month , they would see life differently WeirdEde
teachers don't be too quick to let tech startups into your class . You're the first and last line of privacy for your stu
A5 the assumption that the other person is wrong . People lose perspective . No one wants to take blame . LeadWithGiants
Good to know ! Sorry for the spam - didn't realize Pinterest was also tweeting my repins !
Morning Lisa :) BFC 530
PLN ! I'm hosting 2 free webinars with easy ways to align your curriculum to CCSS ! Sign up and spread the word pls !
This should not happen . I agree ! edchat
A3 I want to see what level and subjects they teach and where they live . I want to see what I can learn from them . NT2t
My geniushour board with agenda , Help Wanted ads , Supplies Needed , and a mini calender CowetaEdChat
We have free advertising on the sides of our buildings - hang outdoor banners from the walls w / our successes . sunchat
Great ! Would you like to trade emails in a DM ?
Way to think positive :) She's trying out her Martha Stewart skillz :)
I subscribe to FlyLady to help me stay on track with the cleaning
Blaise is fascinated by the snow plow truck . Cat
I met a h . S . kid from NYC who got paid to attend summer classes on gender equality movement Does anyone know what this program is ? Edu nyc
So apparently Kate Middleton ( William ? ) is pregnant because of THIS picture ... Are you KIDDING ME ? ! !
Wanting to kiss Harry styles Before i die .
she is butchering this song . like omg stop .
she isn't even that good tbh
Awkward moment when cece says she was saved by her fans when he was always at the bottom and saved by the judges ...
"" @AweDirectioner : How I'm going to sneak in my idol's concert HAHAHAHA DYING
WeCantBeFriendsIf you've never read Harry Potter .
It can be hard to understand things like this . FlamesNation is PrayingforBoston
Men in Black Tights addawordruinamovie
How cute are we ?
Pastors prepping for Easter like ...
"" @AudreyBiggs : Current - crying bc graduation video "" oh
Celebrating national donut day the right way !
is so cute ! ! !
Lol how me and conversations end .
Hamster on his lunch break
OMYGOODNESS ! ! ! the actually followed me back ? ! ? ! bestdayever starstruck fangirlingsohard
Sorry ladies ... is mine .
1 yr ago today shared gold on twitter , it's my duty to pass it on .. live ur life & amp ; search "" Laura Maggard Cinnamon
Most of the texts I send are in all caps
my mom made chicken bruschetta with chicken nuggets
UCO not canceling yet is a health hazard - - insomnia in anticipation of a central alert
Zayn Left The Jonas Brothers ? Smh . .
you only live once might as well get enough sleep am i right lol
YESSS UNBREAKABLE KIMMY SCHMIDT IS THE BOMB ! ! ! ! !
when someone who called u ugly in middle school hits u up
please cut your hair like this hope
Did anyone else not know that Joe Jonas sang cake by the ocean .....
TWEET YOUR GPA BECAUSE I TRULY CARE ! !
When your gas light comes on
Pray for my dots lost wisdom teeth
Ready to dance FTK ! ! bronchothon
My music collection is fire
Congrats to our sisters Taylor and Morgan for getting positions on Panhellenic ! ! ! We are so proud of you ! ! ! !
if I was Jason Michael Carroll I would want a redue in 3D beckley wv . Loved the show
Karaoke at club 3D right meow
I didn't think it was possible cause the handle for diesel is bigger than a gas handle but oh well
well it ain't getting any earlier
yup yup now off to fuji
I wonder If and r too good to tweet now that they moved
didn't u get a new Subaru
when will u have ur new song on iTunes
we will be out here for another 4 hours . See u in 1:30 hours
First night of work out and said she was taking a bath . Everything is good
Saturday Nite live CLUB 3D .. V . I . C performing his hit song THE WOBBLE w / several others . Come party with V . I . C . door charge $ 10 .
Employees are dressed and ready to go
I remember how amazing Greg Maddux and Tom Glavine were when they were still pitching . I knew they were gonna get in t
Roads seem to be in ok shape . Time to party with only at 3D
Who wants to get the ring right now
Tonight will be the post party . Party on
Already 7 birthday parties at club 3D tonight
Bar area is full ready for the fight
This Friday Oct . 31st will be giving away $ 3000.00 in cash and prizes away for our Halloween Party !
Employee birthday tonight . Let's go . This is always awesome
Tonight toughman then club 3D . Party with the ring girls
And watch out for Paula hood going away party
Beat the clock . At 7:00 drinks will start at . 50 cent until 8: 00 and double every hours
Surround yourself with positive people
Lady Bligh is a whore .
So appreciative when guys hold the door open for a girl cutie
rack city bitch rack rack city bitch . IM HOME HANG OUT WITH ME
probs marycrest ... marianist is all athletes and sophomores but the rooms are really nice .. no idea how I got this dorm though haha
wait whyd you say uheem ? and skype soon ! i have to talk to you too ! i had another encounter with the cops oh
You shouldn't waste your feelings on people who don't value them thesitter
2 days til summer unreal
i might be making an appearance ... oh
nom nom nom let's play with Jose in da fall at Dayton
My excitement for Jason Aldean and Luke Bryan at blossom even though it's over a month and a half away > > > it's fine .
I told you I was happy for you , and given the chance I'd lie again .
I've been listening to the new jason aldean album all day and it's great .
Come to Robeks and I'll give you a free smoothie .
I could listen to shut it down by drake on repeat forevaa
It's actually torture going on any social network this week and seeing everyone in daytona while you're stuck at home
Weekends are all about laughing and having fun . Be with someone you laugh and have fun with , because in the end , it's all abo
Will you be my date tonight ?
Just hanging out ... so in love with your puppy
what ? ! Where ? ?
The Beach lol jk Ohio
I saw an albino squirrel today lol
yes please ! ! I can't wait
1 cozy comforter + pajamas + 3 pillows to curl up with + laptop + me = LAZY DAY ! :) This Saturday will be synonymous with simplicity !
I'm playing Mystery Manor ! You should install this incredible game ! ipad ipadgames gameinsight
But none of these things move me , neither count I my life dear unto myself , so that I might finish my course with jo
Wherefore he is able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him , seeing he ever liveth to make int
For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ : for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believet
Be careful for nothing ; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made
For all flesh is as grass , and all the glory of man as the flower of grass . The grass withereth , and the flower t
Did you know Vistaprint has Oversized Postcards ? Check mine out !
For every one that asketh receiveth ; and he that seeketh findeth ; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened .
What ? know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you , which ye have of God , and ye ar
Off to bed . Hopefully tomorrow will be better .
If you tits fall off can I have them ?
Oh how I wish I had that tape ...
And tumblr's down so I am just mulling over things
Also : that fucking ' I'm listening ' after Thor gets tackled is priceless .
Tweet like a prophet , break hearts like Stephan Moffat - are you crying like a looser boy because I'm an emotional abuser .
Help I forgot I follow JGL on tumblr and he is updating from backstage ? ? ? with pics mmm
Give yourself 12 points if you got that tweet
I'D LIKE TO SEE YOU FUCKERS TRY thisisbad
When a Libra smiles , the whole world smiles too .
Got a call about helping run a booth for my city's fair owned by the high school's marching band . I remembered how shitty there were to me
Knock knock . Who's there ? I can tell you who isn't here , your friends . awimademyselfsad oopsssss
"" You just need to stop worrying "" oh ? ! What ? ! You mean I just need to STOP ? ! ? ! WHY I HAD NEVER THOUGHT OF THAT BEFORE . THANK YOU cockgoblin
yay for us fake gingers ! ! :) lol
Gemini is charming , social and intelligent .
he has his reasons holly . He's just trying to do his best .
Hairy pussy is scary .
Gemini minds can bounce around from one topic to another with great ease making them the best party and social talker .
Gemini can feel more than one emotion at a time .
Always holding hands , never making plans , just living in the moment . - Lady Antebellum
Gemini knows how to dress well even with a low budget .
Wow Kristen . Just leave the competition now before you embarrass yourself even more . ANTM
Gemini's LOVE it when you can keep up .
The duality of a Gemini allows them to see both sides to every situation .
I could sit and watch America's Next Top Model all day ANTM
Gemini is a sign that cant be compared .
Gemini cannot sit or stand still long .
Gemini is like the incredible hulk .. take me at my best or meet me at my worst .
Gemini are so fly you'll lose your fly .
thank you for listening but wasn't a better choice NOBODY LIKES HIM EITHER
I'm raising money for a Trip to Mexico / student loan help . Click to Donate : via
And this is what happens when you're a stylist and you go to the races after work . Your black
Used gifted bc couldn't remember how to spell the other word that implied big boobs ok esl ok
I made breakfast muffins ~
Minki woke me up .....
SOMEONE BUYS THESE FOR ME ; A ;
HOW REA YUO RAEL OGM
lol but I don't live in mexico .................
I don't remember rn , but I'll check when I get home
they fill up all my bed
one of my interests is bread oppap
even when I was a kid I was a night owl
sobs baby >/ / / / /<
SOBS YOU'RE TALKING WITH THE WRONG DOCTOR ? ? ? I CAN ONLY HEAL YOUR PETS ? ? ? UNLESS YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT ANOTHER TYPE OF HEALING ? ;P
; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ~ ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;
lol I was jongshappytrail this be yaris
Only have one final left and I'm free until January
[ UPDATE PICTURE ] 130126 Hyoyeon fansign by QOS
Tears are coming out of my left eye ...
going to spend my afternoon watching running man while doing bio lab and homework
All I talk about has to do with my roommates bc no life
you go to sleep too
AH now I see it lol
on the fucking bus fucking freshmen .
I don't get this scene , are they having a rave while throwing everything in the fire
Just watched Project Runway finale I love
I can't believe I'm rooting for team Usher on thevoice
I feel like I'm going to rip my fucking hair out ! ! ! ! It can't be this difficult .
Domestic violence bill to bar domestic abusers from owning guns , and more , passes committee . Public erupts in applause , tear
Of all the tired seasonal songs , the one I dread most is those dogs barking out "" Jingle Bells . "" What asshole thought that
he should have killed them ... He wasn't there to learn the Terminus lesson
Exciting live photo of the crowd at RNCinCLE
That , I can completely agree with .
Giving gift cards for Christmas to my trump loving friends . notmypresident
Wait ... what ... TWD
He's telling you what you want to hear because he's finally realizing he's manning a sinking ship .
I just checked in with mPLACES Download today !
looks like suitcases beside Liz and Vanessa's beds
You are valuable and irreplaceable . If you are ever told otherwise , do not believe it .
I feel somewhat accomplished with making this .
same . I can't find anyone with invites . Rip
Keep up the voting , Mr Walsh is in first right now
Hopefully today will be better than yesterday
RETWEET if you wore Nike today !
Tewksbury schools will be closed Thursday .
Why is AndrewMcCutchen the FaceofMLB , you ask ? 4 ) Hes a one-man dance party .
AndrewMcCutchen FaceofMLB AndrewMcCutchen FaceofMLB AndrewMcCutchen FaceofMLB AndrewMcCutchen FaceofMLB Andrew
THE WORLDS GOING TO END
well I don't have to pay attention because I am an upperclassmen
WatchingBones is trending ! bones has the best fans !
I can't wait for track to start missit
happy birthday ! ! ! !
Congratulations to our Redmen Girls track team and coach on their MVC Championship today at The Reggie ! RedmenPri
15 days until track I can't wait
Ballgame . Os even the series with a 4-1 win . Britton gets his fourth save . A zippy 3:24 game .
They're getting ready for champagne behind the scenes ...
It was nice to have my first college meet on a track I know so well ! ReggieLewisCenter
We need a president who will tackle all the issues we face .
how much did you have to pay her to go with you .
i do ! ! ! CassieParade
The real glory is being knocked to your knees and then coming back . That's real glory . - Vince Lombardi
Go get ' em Hannah ! ! GoDucks
Last bit of prep for the 4x1 team before the Pride Classic ! Come out and watch us compete tomorrow !
NCAA Track & amp ; Field : Make that 5 - time National Champion Carly Muscaro from as she wins the 400m once aga
Hey TheGNAC student-athletes : if your team is aiming for one of these in 2017-18 ! ! ! !
Back on the train .... took an early train . Not much action today . Hate the first day after a holiday .
Our new salesforce apps continue to generate buzz . covers our File it and Get it apps . SpringIt
. @SpringCM Ranked as a Leader in Globe for Mobile Content Management . Check it out : getspringcm
Is it me or all the bitches the so called fly as fuck bitches get fucked and left 4 dust ....
Why is it raining ! ! ! ! Ugh
Sagittarius advice is telling people what they NEED to hear , not what they WANT to
Its amazing how MANY ppl wanna b ur friend whn u get on and how FEW remain whn u fall off ! ! ! ! !
sure will gonna see her 2morrow we got Chloe for the night
Sagittarius show themselves through actions not emotions .
92 and snow boots ? ! ? ! ? ! Only in Browns Mills
a weave can be taken out but Butt injections leave the ass lumpy once they settle and often need numerous injections
That's why I fucks wit K . Michelle
( Made with jusgramm App )
It's 4 am Sleep ? ? ? Where are yu ? ? ? I need yu like NOW ! ! ! !
I slept in it and now kno what I have to do ...
Sagittarius remain positive when the odds are grim .
Please Help Brandon by donating at gofundme . com / 1rnt5k Any amount will Help Thanks and God Bless
beyonbeautiful _86 & amp ; Chanel mstammybirthday 2013
Can't leave out the screen shottas ! ! !
Whenever Sagittarius have a massive to-do list , they get the overwhelming urge to just go lay down and take a nap inst
Sagittarius tend to value honesty very much .
you ain't the only one who childless I ain't got kids lol
Ur resentment of another person's success curtails ur own chances of success . In order 2 attract success u need 2 we ...
I wonder on a chilly night like this I should go streaking lol
Honestly I don't believe in mistakes ! ! ! bc at the time I knew n still know that I was right ! Can't no one tell me differently lol
Im not heartless ... i just use my heart less ... Truth
Ahhhh I want some butter pecan ice cream !
nawl u ain't bout to get me fucked up lmao
n I love hair since I love pullin lmao jk jk jk lol
lmao I'm on a role thanks lol I gotta few more lol
One place b4 I die I'm going to africa . I wanna check out the motherland lol
youwannaknowwhatgrindmygears these damn gas prices maybe if u drop the prices then we'll be out this hell frfr
I live life on a budget anything that doesn't fit n my plan doesn't make cents ! !
I dont like basketbalk BUT if my bf wants to watch it ill sit right beside him and Try and enjoy
You just wassnt doing ya job ! ! !
This chinese food bussing right now lol
thingsimissaboutarelationship ! Actually having someone to talk to about getting married n how the wedding going to be when it get 2 there !
Its funny how u let ur so called friends dictate ur life ! !
:'( night get at ya'll later ! ! ! ! ! !
All my kinfolks getting they chilren ready for school I feel left out lol
Just waiting on the call n I'm out this bit frfr ! ! !
For future reference don't waste my time ! !
Clubs n parties r over rated right now what's the point now ! ! !
just haven't had the time since I've been wrking more but ima be doing them soon again !
Hate when I be working n a person come up to u about a job ! I be like nigga Idk knw u ! ! !
using my gov't name how dare u lol
When shit happens niggas ask mo ? ' S than a cop smh
your face is a conspiracy
I'm having a bit of an issue with making an account on the website , who can I turn to for help ? : OO
And then the waitresses . Oh .
Watch last night's episode of The Legend of Korra , "" Civil Wars : Part 2 "" via KorraNation -
"" Sassy Face JJ "" by MK
WEISS FIGURRRREEEE so have more RWBY cosplay ! ! :D
Ok everyone , if you're watching the show on time for the Viewer Verdict : Approved or Denied for Paige to spend
Good morning ! Love wins for Mister Carson
"" Being a mom isn't a job ... there are no nights off . "" GreysAnatomy
Chris Christie , on MSNBC , just said that we shouldn't believe fact-checkers , because "" they have an agenda . "" Yes . It is to check f
... And I got you pop , ThisIsUs ...
We all need to read George Orwell 1984 . Right now . It's happening . Kind of amazing .
People in covfefe houses shouldn't throw covfefe .
I just checked in at Tgi Fridays with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at T-Mobile with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Papis Mex Grill with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Citibank with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Roll One For Mi with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Applebees Neighborhood Grill & amp ; Bar with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Citibank with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at MoneyGram with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Papis Mex Grill with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Supercuts with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at ConocoPhillips with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Cricket Wireless with mPLACES Download today and find your nearest store to earn mPOINTS !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Papis Mex Grill with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Fresno 16 with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Ozzys Sports Grill with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
How a Mormon Became the Illustrator for Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events
I just checked in at Orchard Supply Hardware with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
Forgive is a highly functional oil , help be relaxed , happy , and productive threw out the day or
bettertogether dTerra holidayJoy joy cocoa
Get rid of those nasties now ! bedbugsprayd dlifehackd
ilovethisstuffd ilivetod Living and loving the right way takes courage and commitment ... Be
Thankful for many blessings DTERRA has blessed my life healyourself selfcare
Monday bogomonday gottaloveabogo doterrabogo bethechange ilovethisstuffd
DTERRA oreganooil in 2 options , touch roll-on with coconut oil 10 mL or pure oregano oil 15 mL
zendoctrine is amazingzing ! ! ! This mix helps the endocrinesystem to rejuvenate itself and
familyhomeevening fireside familytime lovemykids lovethistimeofyear christmastime
Dad gonna ask me if we need food um yea but more importantly the re-up u aint gonna buy nuthin else bfor gettin me dat
K ..... gonna get up and go to the fridge
Bitches act like they hot but i heard they not
Wanna listen to nicki and smoke common lets gooooo
> > > gift wrapping rage
your opinion isnt a measure of talent ..... just cause sumone less known about dont make them different , da creme rises to da top
wrote a whole song about things u don't like about someone that's in the spot u wanna be in
Still "" we "" Rise ... MoRE VOTES MTVStars Nicki Minaj
Moment 4 Life , to num vicio total .... MTVStars Nicki Minaj
Nicki's the Queen , so watch her conquer mtvstars Nicki Minaj
Why did you envy why you go against me MTVStars Nicki Minaj
B A R B Z R E T W E E T T H I S F O R T H E Q U E E N N I C K I M I N A J MTVStars Nicki Minaj
if you love Nicki Minaj | MTVStars Nicki Minaj
And I am so extraterrestrial MTVstars Nicki Minaj
J'ai la haine contre ce gars MTVStars Nicki Minaj
ya casi vote vote vote > mtvstars Nicki Minaj
massive attack > stupid hoe > anaconda MTVStars Nicki Minaj
This is how Michael Jackson's shoes worked
On This Day in 1942 : Anne Frank turned 13 . For her birthday , she received a diary and then began writing in it .
A Pisces born on February 23 seeks to experience reality in a singular , if somewhat unrealistic , way .
And I love you more than a teenage girl obsesses over JB that's friggen LOVE
My life has been so crazy , it could be a movie .
I dream of a better world where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned .
ImReallyGoodAt pretending everything's okay , when inside I'm really a fucking wreck .
Don't worry , the spider is smaller than you "" "" Yeah .. So is a grenade ...
I wish you could see the stupid smile I get when we're texting .
only after disaster can we be resurrected
That awkward moment when your bear doesn't cuddle back . C'mon , I've had you since I was 3 . loveme lonely missbella
I can't txt you first , stupid , I'd feel too annoying .
I want Andrea to go to the prison and then get bit . WalkingDead
U mean to say last year every time Tom and Harrison were talking about junk , we could have been talking about the Doctor ?
I'd like to think you care about me the same way I care about you . But truly no one could care about anyone the same way I care about you .
The higher my emotions are , the louder my music is . blastinthatshit
I always feel like my mom is disappointed in me .
Because nothing makes me happier and nothing makes me sadder than you .
M-O-O-N ! That spells BREAKING BAD STARTS IN 16 MINUTES .
I don't have time for this bullshit anymore I'm a fuckin adult .
I go on diets for hours at a time
oh dear .. Our flower type is weak against snake-types ... XD
Huge earthworm we found in the garden .
I feel flattered and special when cashiers remember me . Something I miss about Seattle was the local store . They knew me . : 3
agreed . I love the art that is each of his movies
Got our seats ! Here's my and ' s view of the show ! LetsPlayLive
Box arrives and kitty doesn't even wait for it to be emptied . We can tell who the truly excited one is here .
I like the waiting area more . Aviation stuff is cool . Never got the novelty of the ride's orange scent tho since I cant smell
We all want to think we're Furiosa or Max , but most of us are standing 500 feet below Immortan Joe , bowls upraised beseec
Still brings the total to about $ 20 for 3 plushes , which are apparently limited edition , which is still a decent price .
Doctor Who inspired design ! ( anyone see last week's episode ? )
Good hit on ? Or creepy ?
Writers are often antisocial social creatures . We enjoy the company of our genre peers . We also enjoy being left to go f
They're already sold out . The last one there is actually a glitch
Last call ! STAR WARS : AFTERMATH is rocking up at $ 1.99 for the ebook today across platforms : mist
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a set of Scott Pilgrim Pop ! s !
We got home to discover the cat had puked on everything and attracted flies and their young . Yaaaay post-RTX cleanup XD StillWorthIt
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Belle Pop ! from OnceUponATime
Retweet if you're part of any of these communities . If you don't , retweet if you support these communities . Show the l
If we want to honor Carrie Fisher's legacy , let's work to destigmatize mental illness in ways both big and small . It's up to
But its easier to say XD
Somebody made himself comfortable .
block me right the fuck now if you think that a bisexual person settling down with someone of the opposite sex / gender is st
Well this could be interesting .... TransformersMe
I have a mighty want of this shirt . "" I'm Mary Pop-pins y'all ! ""
Been watching the new series of The Tick . ing it !
Finally ! .... What were we doing , again ?
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an NYCC 2017 exclusive Luna Lovegood Rock Candy !
Abridged summary of 2017 .
My lower back gave out when I heard a asinine comment .
it was ! ! Lol
The only upside is that those legions who claim USA is "" post-racial "" or "" colorblind "" can't hide behind tht BS anymore
An AAPIheroine and astronaut who surpassed limits in the STEM world ! WomensHistoryMonth Herstory SHEro
This is incredibly vulnerable and powerful : Wentworth Miller shuts down Internet trolls over body-shaming meme
Greetings from Southern California !
There's actually a Filipino person on something about "" Asian Americans "" ! Yay ! ! Rare ForgottenAAPI
So proud of Ali Ewoldt for being the 1st woman of color to play Christine in Phantom on Broadway ! PinayPower !
I know it's hard to feel pride right now but here's a feature on on importance of Pride Month lgbtq
Opening Plenary with FANHS 2016
FANHS 2016 was incredible . Thanks to our wonderful speakers !
This happened in my city and on my subway line . It's personal . But racism doesn't exist anymore , right ?
So proud of my colleague Dr . for such an important article !
Watch the live stream of the AfterMarriage conference ! The Center for LGBTQ Studies Live Stream
Here's extreme vetting : anti-women , anti-immigrant , anti-Black , anti-Muslim Donald Trump is far from qualified .
We had to write a letter because even though thisis 2016 , many people still dont understand that BrownAsiansExist .
Nobody understands what Trump is saying . Even if we did , it's likely a lie . Whats . The . Point . debate debatenight
2 . 16 is Prof who became a Full Professor today ! if you have / had a FilAm prof !
LGBTQ Family : Please stay safe , and we'll get through this together . Sending lots of RevolutionaryLove .
Right . And none of them were Filipina . ( Note : 1 out of 5 AAPIs is Filipina / o / x and we are ALWAYS left out of the narrative ) .
Thanks to at for allowing a missed flight to turn into a spa day . BeRelax T5 FreeAdvertising
We are searching for a new Executive Director for Description is here : queer jobs jobsnyc
It's rare for me to write such a personal piece but I had a couple of unusual days , starting with CBP questioning
California , circa 1945 . Just want to remind my fellow Filipinos why we need to stand against xenophobia & amp ; racism today . NoBa
I am a strong black woman . I cannot be intimidated , and I'm not going anywhere . BlackWomenAtWork
Know what you're worth , and don't settle for anything less . LGBTQSOC 2017
Packed day starting with PowerofOne LGBTQ Students
Academia Where professors of color work 20 times harder than everyone else & amp ; still have to worry about tenure or promotion or equitable pay
Next Tues ! joins us for LGBTQ Pride Month : A Conversation w / #Broadway Artists-Activists - reserve :
Free Preview of The Sage Encyclopedia of Psychology and Gender here :
Our Filipino American WWII Vets are so close to getting their gold medals . Please donate to Filipino Veterans ...
I'm so delighted to be part of this campaign , though I'm not sure I qualify as a GlobalFilipinoHero . Thanks
I love Alabama . It's my father's home state . My sisters and brother live there today . I made a film about its beloved city , Selma .
I just won 9 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
I just found a Swag Code worth 8 Swag Bucks .
I just won 59 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
I just signed up for the GoosebumpsMovie GoosebumpsContest . Help me earn entries by learning more here -
I really want a pet turtle . I'd name him Kame - san ! ^ - ^ xx
I GOT A DATE with a video game character ... ForeverAlone
WeLoveEleanor ! Us directioners love you ! You're lovely ^ - ^ xx
When life gives you twitcaming problems THROW THEM BACK AND DEMAND THAT WE SHOULD BE ABLE TO SEE xx
problems with smelling like chlorine : i get head aches ; good things about smelling like chlorine : i love the smell wtfiswrongwithme
I HAVE A JUSTDANCE 4 PROBLEM . I CANT STOP . ASDFGHJKL ;
OH AND BTW , IT WOULD EXACTLY A YEAR SINCE THAT CONVO ON 12/10
too lazy to watch angelbeats
MY NEWSFEED CONSISTS OF 309257u3f0j891 MILLION POST ABOUT A SNOW DAY AND THEN A RANDOM POST OF SOMEONE SAYING THEY DONT HAVE A SNOW DAY
Photo : Just because its your birthday , Ill say sorry for trying to stab you twice in a daySakura .... ...
mother nature can u not
you're such a dork and i love you for it <3 33
* rolls on the floor for 8 million years *
* makes a joke about onew and chicken *
korean boys are so cute stop you're killing me
the sky looks really pretty ahh
SCREAMS OMF g I CANT BREATH E
when people put down other people's hard work like why you gotta be like that bye
! ! ! IM SO EMO ! ! !
me : ! ! ! I'M IN LOVE ! ! ! someone : is he real me :
Thanks for following ! ! !
Thank You ! ! xoxo
19 Toxins To Avoid In Common Beauty Products by
Details , details ! A look back on Jen & amp ; Ian's wedding at The Old Field Club ! Photo credit : Sarma & amp ; Co . Photography
"" Happy Hour will make you happy for a lot more than an hour "" predicts Appiversary 8Contest
FWI fact - Industrial farms keep breeding pigs in small metal enclosures called gestation crates .
Ugh I don't even know what psychology is at this point aimingfora 2
Finally got sweet lunas ! thebest
ohhhh okay ! And hate you for getting a five on ap art history ! jealous
I don't want to leave Old Saybrook beautifultown
Have to draw a map of my high school lunch room after watching Mean Girls ... how do I explain the DAVES table ? gooch
Write "" gentleman "" on dog collar . Put collar on doorstep . Tell friends you received a gentleman caller . Laugh hysterica ...
they do ? Score !
obv getting breakfast when I come visit
"" How would you like your pancakes ? "" Scrambled .
samee here ! They're genuinely hilariouss !
Shocked and truly , deeply saddened at the loss of the great Roger Ebert . A legend . His voice will be missed .
Ugh the one side affect I could live without is not being able to sleep exhausted
Happy birthday to my best friend and the sweetest girl I know ! Love you ira can't wait to cuddle and gossip again !
Having a roommate from Guatemala should be interesting ... threemoredays
Just saw a Hofstra cat walking with a limp and I want to cry letmetakecareofyou emotionalwreck idontevenlikecats misusinghashtags
I can't wait to see my daves
"" I wanna have 19 kids "" "" why "" "" cause that's like 19 friends I'll have ""
make it my BFF duh
Well , Buster's in what we call a light to no coma . In layman's term , it might be considered a very heavy nap .
got anemones got a lot anemones
So Webb and Anderson prob aren't gonna hangout after this
They stopped talking about Hitler's mustache after a while too .
Just started watching MakeHappy and I can already tell it's going to be hilarious
A reminder of how close Donald Trump is to the end of his list of things to say or do to get out of being President . ht
Lets get these words out of the way : Devastated . Angry . Shocked . Disgusted . But mark these words : Planned Parenthood's doors s
Nice try , 100 spiders working together to operate a keyboard .
"" We have swastikas . "" "" They're not Nazis . "" "" Our country should be white . "" "" They're not Nazis . "" "" We're actual Nazis . "" "" They're
Sooo much to do before classes start on Tues . dontknowwheretobegin /:
I'm gonna video u one day just so ppl will believe me when I say you DO act a fool ! !
When 24hours ain't enough .
You can't fool a Gemini ! They realize that sometimes it's the prettiest of people who do the ugliest things .
I'm laughing more than I should be
Finally getting things back in order .
If I could talk to you , I'd want you to know .. I'm holding loose , but ain't letting go .
If the sky is the limit , there wouldn't be footprints on the moon . Never settle . Push yourself to do better every single
Avoiding eye contact is a sign of uncertainty and insecurity .
The past has passed . Let it go .
I swear this always happens
She just said she saved 33 da bucks ...
To be honest the only person I really trust is me . truth
OMG this is so me
Album by "" Intro 2 "" preview Therapy Session drops in 6 days ! ! soexcited cantwait nfrealmusic
Can't believe I am going to be an ambassador for this beautiful company ! ! Eco-ethical bracelets made FROM
Person : "" how are you ? "" Me : "" please don't make me do this ""
i've never had a new years kiss , or a mistletoe kiss but i did have a hershey's kiss and it was spectacular
Cooper Webb will miss Toronto .
Shit is so simple and people just complicate it .
do you ever just smell an old perfume , or hear an old song , or pass an old hangout spot and kinda break inside for a cou
I love you toooo babycakes
it was about this white girl named
I really believe that Kayla McGarvie is the other half of my soul .
take it easyy ! Or you're going to be all gross and pealing
First day of job number two today
Only day off this week and I have nothing to do . Don't know if I'm happy or upset about this ...
no some random dude ! I would cry if it were Big Brown
"" the kinda kid "" I am your mother , don't talk to me that way
The emails my Nutrition prof sends thanks for letting us know
totally a great obsession to have
Karma is such a bitch , and I can't wait for the day it hits you like a freight train .
Pretty sure I absolutely need an Ivory Ella shirt .
In love with my house
New album will make studying all day easier
And not having people help me out hurts . I'm tired of fake people .
Started watching How To Get Away With Murder because why not let Shonda Rhimes control my life
wow thank you so much for the help
Wishing my neighbors realized not everyone appreciates Fetty wap as much as they do
KP , TWY , real friend and seaway in Rochester I'm hyperventilating .
Totally a good omen for today
Last day of simulation and the patient crashed twice . Okay then .
Well , I went from worrying about never getting an interview , to scheduling for interviews to both of the places I applied to
I crowd surfed during Mayday last night and lost my phone but a good soul returned it
Days like today remind me why I have my last name whited-out on my name badge
Here are some pictures of Nibbler , he doesn't like to stay still but he's still super cute .
My ID is 2060998427 1 !
you should be ashamed that you only let 4 of them fuck you !
damn ! i need to go back to school !
damn ! switched accounts and forgot to follow you on this one ( i WAS )
yay ! ! NOW Im ready to head into work ! ! :)
I thought you had been , too . There were a few like you though that came up as a not following . Its all good ...
LOL "" The south has been crippled by a winter storm . Or , as they call it , ' The weather of Northern aggression . ' "" - - Stephen Colbert
"" Damon's bitch "" ? ? ? ? ?
are you kidding ? ? ? Where does the fucking line start ? ? And it would LITERALLY be a ' fucking line ' ! ! ! :)
* I wanna sleep with her-I wanna sleep with her-I wanna sleep with her-I wanna sleep with her-I wanna sleep with her-I wanna sleep with her *
GAME OVER ! ! ! NJDevils win AGAIN ! ! ! Now only 9 back of Carolina with a game in hand ! ! ! OneGameAtATime LetsGoDevils
It may just be a bag of popcorn , but its still hot when you lick things . ;)
* This is the last time I'll abandon you / and this is the last time I'll forget you ( I wish I could ! ! ! ! ) *
Flyers and Knock Knock go hand in hand baby !
I have Cafeteria on my island ! Now my island is even more awesome ! iphone , iphonegames , gameinsight
I have completed the quest ' Dino ` s Rides ' in the iPhone game The Tribez . iphonegames , gameinsight
I've collected 3,340 gold coins ! iphone , iphonegames , gameinsight
I've harvested 300 of food ! iphone , iphonegames , gameinsight
I've collected 310 gold coins ! iphone , iphonegames , gameinsight
I've collected 13,590 gold coins ! iphone , iphonegames , gameinsight
Just got finished cooking dinner ... it's now chill time
He says he can make my juicebox wet .....
At the house sippin daiquiris .... #tipsy
Actions speak louder then words ....
lol .... I'm glad i have pretty feet ...
Goodnight kisses to everyone .... mwah ... ;-)
Following back sweetie ... :)
Gm hun , never went nowhere , I fell asleep ... lol
:) ) ) ) ) ) )
And I don't fuck with people who fuck over my friends ......
God is good all day n all day god is good ... #BelieveIt
2Chainz can get it ! ! !
Friends turn into enemies & amp ; enemies turn into friends ... #Waka vc
I can't wait til these kids go back to school Monday ! ... lol !
If you've found someone GOOD ... don't go trying to look for someone BETTER ...
You WON'T run that GAME on me ... BETTER take that shit back to them DUMB bitches who don't know any BETTER
LOVE , LOYALTY , N TRUST ... The 3 most IMPORTANT things NECESSARY for a GREAT RELATIONSHIP / FRIENDSHIP ! ... Gm !
Studies show that SEX in the morning is more EFFECTIVE than CAFFEINE ... Well , at least that's what I'm going with ... lol
I hate when people run back n tell other people wtf I'm posting ! .... I'm grown I say wtf I want ! ... #Fyt
This Lil ' Game We Play : via
It's TRUE that we don't KNOW what we have til it's GONE but we also DON'T know what we've been MISSING til it ARRIVES ! .... :)
I think I SAID or DID something 2 make the WEEKEND mad , cuz when I woke up this morning it was gone , no note , no message , just gone ! lol Gm !
Sometimes , the people you would take a BULLET for ... are the ones behind the TRIGGER
Dear OPTIMIST , PESSIMIST , and REALIST .. While you guys were arguing about the glass of water , I drank it ! Sincerely the OPPORTUNIST Ha !
As they say , "" Butter makes everything better . ""
I'll look into the series once I finish David Weber's Safehold series .
Some truths are universal .
BathroomMovies Crouching Tiger , Hidden Charmin .
The real problem is , they stole the deck and the table they are using to make the house of cards !
Why in God's name would you want to be sober in Denver ?
My gringo friends . I found the Holy Grail of stupid livethewage tweets ... Behold the magnificent glory of .... This ! htt
Truly Epic ! IStumbleWithRosemaryLehmberg 50 Shades of Gray Goose
Those are the days that matter , everything else is just noise . I just spent my entire day off reading . Happy face ! ! !
I don't care , I didn't want to play catch with those kids anyway ... CaptionSlowJoe
Simple . If the WCIA are making "" aphrodisiac foods "" , they WILL screw it up as badly as possible .
Someone's elevator doesn't go all the way to the stocking cap .
Give it to me and they would , in pieces , scattered all across North America .
Is it just me or are Hillary and Kim Jong Un shopping at the same store . My ? . Who wore it best ?
And here I thought "" sleeps with the fishes "" was merely gangster hyperbole . Love fish , love aquariums , love peaceful sleep more .
It's been a while since my college days , but I think it's "" Roar , roar , claw to the face . ""
You do not chill cognac , savage . You warm it .
Not to mention insane restrictions on the 2nd amend . making new york safe hunting ground for predators islamic or otherwise .
You should have replied , "" That's funny , I was thinking the same thing about you . ""
It's never wrong to laugh . Laughter heals . After that , he's going to have to laugh fo
Now that I heard that aka Gabriel is back on SPN , I think it's time for the King of Sass & amp ; sexiness , BALTHAZAR ! ! T
Can you lick me instead ?
If doesn't win ... Ima shave my eyebrows off . She's goin places either way . Insanely talente
The boys be back . PP2
Big thank you to the and for selecting me in the MLB draft . What a great day !
Thank you Cannes ! Now on to - Backyard Stage at 1.15 p today ! BADTHINGS Firefly 2014
a worker at thought I was underage ... iam 23bro
Answer : Giraffe . Thanks to Staci , Christina , and all out friends for a magical visit ! sandiegozoo
Sandy and I just got attacked by two dogs ... the owner kicked them as punishment ... thatwasmean
See the 1st photo frm upcoming cyber thriller BLACKHAT from director Michael Mann . In theaters 1/16 / 15 LegendarySDCC
I love these dudes ! Weird that I was the one uncomfortable with this
Some people need to pop lock and drop the attitude
It's official ! I am hereby confirming that Jensen Ackles IS now on twitter . U R welcome :) JensenAcklesOnTwitter
So I watched Anaconda . is such a tease ! Poor just wanted to give her a congratulatory pat on the butt for that lap dance
Don't waste your time trying to figure out your life , spend that time living while you know you're still alive .
we need to find our men ! How hard could it be ? !
Fits right in ! - Houston , TX - Photo : parksanddevastationtour
Reddit ran with my DMV visit . Here are some of my favscheck the thread here :
don't even get me started
There will never EVER be another TV show like this . In awe of this episode and the performances by my brothers & amp ; SOAFX fami
I'm so blessed to have and in my life
. @mishacollins My sister thinks "" Cas "" is short for "" Cassius "" itsCastiel
. @RobertDowneyJr presents a bionic IronMan arm through CollectiveProject ! Watch :
Nearing the end and embarking a new beginning . Press tour is here ! ! #avengers ageofultron presstour marvel
Savannah : I'm not very good at putting on makeup Me : Really ? I thought you WANTED me to look like the Joker ... Savannah : .....
Our single "" Boom ! "" is here from our upcoming album ! Official video : Song : SP
Wishing a big FAT happy birthday to my daddy-o Big cuz he turned 68 . Fat cuz ... well look at my arm . iloveshim
The term "" SWAG "" was originated in 1960 ' s in a group of underground gay men - - It is an acronym for "" Secretly we are gay "" .
There are over 6000 people groups without access to the gospel thats 1.5 billion people gospel missions
Grocery store in my prom dress fashionable
just mess around with it a little bit and start posting stuff and you'll get the hang of it
Glad everyone in the neighborhood just was awoken by the car alarm going off for 10 minutes oops
cause the mall doesn't usually have clothes that I wear lol and where am I supposed to get a ford shirt at ?
welcome week begins utk 2015
I want to go hiking but not alone ahhh
I really just want to take my comforter to class with me . It wouldn't be distracting , would it ?
I just like playing basketball in the store
Well I suppose that since it's 2 am I should be sleeping nottired
according to my phone , I'm in India right now and it's 5:12 am . And it won't change . awesome
There is no right understanding of yourself until you understand yourself in light of who God is .
Merry Christmas everyone ! "" The Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us . "" the best news of all ! ! !
You weren't sick , and God made you well . You were dead , and God made you alive .
Millennials , don't think that growing up in post civil rights America means racism is over . New laws don't make new hearts .
Typing as many words to a song that you know in Google to find out the name of it
If we're in sync with God's plans He will provide all we need to get them done .
I just realized Derek Dooley was in front on me walking around campus
what is the good food ?
Be absorbed with satisfying yourself in God . He fills and fulfills .
We are soaked in all the grace that weve been given ; Unchained from all that we have done . Your mercys rising like the sun on the horizon
please buy a hurrycane . It's for all terrains so you could always use it your whole life
Ray Lewis wins Super Bowl . Fails hermeneutics 101
Woman in a giant frying pan with bacon tied to her feet before 7200 eggs are added to a record breaking omelette 1931 ht
"" Judas Iscariot went to the best seminary in the world for three years , and yet he was lost . "" -
God who carried you yesterday won't drop you today . He hasn't changed His mind about you or filed your situation in a fol
How much an Apple Watch would cost if you were paying only for the parts :
When you just really love hockey
Make sure yall be safe while turnin up tonite
I pray 7 days a week .
no ones vagina wants a free tampon .
IR $ Ninjas chase Lyndon through Pop-Art madness TheNewPunkRock
Here's one ... Electricity is out . Get that hurricane dick .
Its gonna get real weird around here next year .
rainbow clam stacks girls love palmtrees and fat long black
What a weird year .
If the Hispanic barber repeats everything you say , like "" keep the top long . "" Bad sign . Pretty much means your getting a edge up 101 .
Full moon ! ! With this foo
Going squirrel hunting with this shotgun this fall .
Competicin en directo : Copa de la Liga inglesa , Copa italiana ...
I wonder if your mom knows you're a whore .
askcatfish would you ever consider even being friends with people online after what happened to you guys ? ?
hey ! What are you doing up so late ? :p
Turns out you were better at pretending than I thought .
you both deserve to smile every day . You're both such an inspiration and a friend to all of us .
finally . Been waiting around to see if JT is okay .
I'M SO EXCITED FOR FINDING DORY
I wish I could tell you . Hm . All well ..
Lol . I'm hyperemotional right now don't test me .
This is going to be great
6 lighthouses the government is selling for nearly nothing > >
Stop Congress's outrageous new push to open the ArcticRefuge to oil companies via
Rodney is looking for new owners who are around for most of the day & amp ; a home where he is the only dog . He is fine to
5 disturbing examples of EPA Administrator Pruitts secrecy , and what it means for you .
Punish Man Who Allegedly Kept Over 60 Cats in Deplorable Conditions
Stop Torturing Baby Elephants to Learn Tricks for Zoo Visitors
Tell Congress : No New Tax Cuts for the Wealthy
Shut Down Roadside Zoo Accused of Animal Abuse
Evidence shows investment treaties have not led to increases in FDI . reject Multilateral Investment Court ISDS
Justice for Dogs with Severe Flea Infestation Allegedly Denied Veterinary Care
"" Profoundly disappointed "" as the government looks to lift the ban on mining near the Grand Canyon
Hello COP 23 ! WeAreStillIn the ParisAgreement & amp ; our cities & amp ; mayors are ReadyFor 100 % cleanenergy :
A magnificent Victorian treasure unprotected in Toolangi state forests KalathaGiant Oldgrowth GFNP
Afghanistan shelter helps reunite soldiers with the animals they left behind
Protect Endangered Mouse from Extinction at the Hands of Property Group
Sign the petition : Congress must stop the six-week abortion ban . via
Fashion Giant BCBG Must Stop Selling Angora and Fur
Protect Feral Cats From Heat and Cold
Something NEW is coming to Cat Chow and only our Perks members get an opportunity to see what it is before anyone else .
Call on Your Representative to Defend Marine Mammals and Birds
This dog lost an ear when someone used her as "" bait . "" But when people around the world heard her story , they started sending her
Tell to stop selling reward items made from cold-blooded murder of crocodiles , ostriches , & amp ; other
Protect Feral Cats From Heat and Cold
Commentary : Trumps action to cut Bears Ears is a historic injustice , via
Dont Let Convicted Animal Abuser Work With Animals Again
Charlotte , Choctaw , & amp ; Ms . Redd are snuggle , lap & amp ; loveable fur babies . Charlotte is 11yrs old today .
Urge UK leaders to issue the strongest possible rules that will crack down on sales of ivory in the UK and save elephants from ex
Howls of thanks to all 104 Members of Congress who stood up to protect the Endangered Species Act , our nations best bet to
Congress is Putting Wildlife At Risk via
Dog Allegedly Abused and Left Outside in Snowstorm Deserves Justice
Hold Shop Owner Accountable for Reported Endangered Animal Fur Sales
How To Make Your Own Anchor Links
New Blog post : Evaluating the Response to Your Internet Marketing
08/23 / 2012 Picture of the day .
Build your own list for a change ! I just found this .... http://t.co / MW8iU0SnWs
There is no school like surfingoldschool !
I am becoming a Traffic Exchange Wiz . Why don & amp ; #039 ; t you join me at
Retweet ! Email advertising at its finest ! safelist mailer ListBuilder via
It's going to be fun taking everyone's money . nfbcbeata
No I'll be watching The Good Wife and The Mentalist
if you are experiencing domestic violence speak up get help endthesilence DrPhil
He definitely needs to learn self control
Stay safe and thank you for being there .
Welcome to Wonderland Alice . You need to wake up from the dream and realize he is not good for you OR your child ! in
Keith Urban - Raining On Sunday ( + playlist ): via
A Morning Coffee Shared With A Robin
"" It is a mistake to think that moving fast is the same as actually going somewhere . "" ~ Steve Goodier
Is she really surprised marriage DrPhil
Women in Chicago being arrested for wearing one piece bathing suits , without covering their legs , 1922 .
Our daughters need to learn self respect . teensex drphil
From bad Dad to bad husband ... and the beat goes on . fiance DrPhil
FREE PrayerCircle telephoneseminar Saturdays : 10am Pacific ; 11am Mountain ; 12pm Central ; 1pm Eastern : Dial 712-432-1600 . C
Congrats to the Moore family ! It's a girl for He and wife Kate welcomed daughter Rebecca Kl
I declare World Peace IDWP
He wants a "" Proverbs 31 "" woman and beats her with a wooden spoon if she doesn't comply ? Who is he , David Koresh ? marriage
It is wonderful to see someone turn their life around yougogirl DrPhil
no one who is not addicted can understand the pull of addiction DrPhil AbuseandAddiction
Caution out . Less than 25 laps to go . It's getting intense .
When you find yourself in a hole , quit digging . - Will Rogers quote
he should be commended instead of charged .
This man is WAY out of line . DrPhi SuspiciousMom
I was so happy to feel the sun shining on me today . healingenergy warmsunshine
Congrats to my friend for being nominated for directing amyattheapollo
have to watch later but definitely will !
After 19 years of looking at the same tacky border on my walls I am painting , tossing , cleaning . rebirth renew home and spirit .
EVEREST , NORTH FACE "" May your dreams be larger than mountains and may you have the courage to scale their summits . "" - -
Just be in the moment , life is better there . Mindfulness Wellness
Sometimes you just have to pick yourself up and carry on .
Did you catch that ? Obama : When I walked in the door I had more than a trillion dollar deficit greeting me .... ""
I deal with similar lies from my husband's ex when she doesn't get her way , stay classy and let the trash float away . :)
I think looks like Johnny Depp JohnnyDeppelganger SwitchedatBirth BlairIsJohnny
Lol ! I love this !
Noone even knows what's IN Obamacare for crying out loud ! Not even Obama !
"" @EASPORTSFIFA got ddos'd by - - > all I wanted to do was to chill and play tonight . Thx for messing that
is having to close its doors temporarily until they can reduce their debt . This rescue is a godsend ... pls help !
I'm raising money for Medical / Living Expenses . Click to Donate : gofundme
Priorities >@ ChanitaFoster : When I was dating my husbnd he tried 2 buy me a purse & I told him give me the money & I wld pay my student loans !
Why do these folks keep runnin to Benzino for love advice ? ? ? Where is his wife / long-term girlfriend ? ? ? LHHA
Yay ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I'm baking RumCake . The best part is tasting the batter ;) He he
has to be my favorite judge . We have a similar goofy sense of humor TheVoice
another reminder tomorrow and saturday at Plymouth Meeting Mall . On sunday we will be at the Aetna Fire Hall in Newark Delaware
Our 2010-11 Sp authentic hockey is in stock . We will have it with us Friday and Saturday
This weekend we only have 1 show . On saturday we will be at Bucks County Technical School . sportscardshows pennslyvania
We expect to have 2012 prestige football in for the show paniniamerica football cards paniniprestige
this week we are doing 2 different shows . Fri / Sat we will be at Berkshire Mall in Reading PA . berkshiremall reading pa sportcardshows
today the show is r set up upstairs outside the food court . oxfordvalleypa collect sportcardshows mlbcards nhlcards
we are cracking 2 cases of ginter today . If there is anything you want from it plmk
New product Info has been added to our website . Please go to to check it out .
2014 TOPPS OPENING DAY BASEBALL IN STOCK ! ! ! ! ! ! -
CASE BREAK ON 2014 BOWMAN PLATINUM BASEBALL -
3 . finest auto / jumbo jersey everything else we have is base / inserts .
2015 TOPPS HERITAGE BASEBALL IN STOCK ! ! ! ! ! ! ! -
sorry for the delay we r asking 5.00 on base winston
We also expect to have 15/16 Hoops Basketball in for both shows and Atena Fire Hall this weekend as well .
we are asking 50.00 on the phanatic auto
here is your autograph card from Allen & amp ; Ginter BB . espn collect sportscenter
on saturday we are back at the Hampton Inn in Woodbridge Nj for the show . hamptoninn woodbridge collect newjersey nj sportcardshows
just a reminder we are today for the last day of the show . neshaminymall sportcardshows collect
Ten , thats right , TEN Stadium boxes are being giving away to YOU . for a chance to win . MLBCards
NEW SHOWS ADDED ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Moms favorite candle . It burns eternally for you MYLADY { Iloveyou }
Happy birthday mommy happy 49thbirthdaymommy love you krissy we are going to make it together we got to
if ur excited 4 Sparkle ! & amp ; talk WhitneyHouston , Destiny's Child & amp ; more ...
Aries is what I am . I love Pisces probably why is my play sister in my mind . I will meet her oneday and ill be at all concerts
"" @DukeRenard : Student activism I love my school .
This is absolutely crazy . Spent the day with my baby Ashton and absolutely enjoyed myself then death hit me
"" @Lexi_Baybee_ : I used to go shopping every weekend "" I swear . You a shopaholic
Feelings damn near don't exist no more
RIP to all the Black soldiers who died fighting for a country that never fought for them . MemorialDay
It's so funny when you don't realize a phase is a phase until it's over =|
I have this habit of not being able to control my facial expressions when someone says something stupid or annoying .
I am a beautiful person . I don't know . I just want to be
No I really felt this image , the way the media mocked these two babies CONSTANTLY . They would not let them be
But they CUT THE PRESIDENT OFF when speaking the truth bout BLACKS & amp ; they want us to care bout COPS ! ? ! ? ! ? NoOooOoOo !
History will look back and note that Republicans in Congress treated President Obama with unprecedented disrespect .
Somebody come with me this weekend to get churros
If I wished people to go to hell , this woman would be the perfect candidate
This nigga DJ Khaled be assembling the avengers in the industry on his songs lol he like Nick fury
I shouldn't be laughing this hard
To live in Chicago is an Experience . Visiting is generic , to live here is to experience life
I look inside the bag & amp ; see broken pieces of plastic . He's hoping to recycle scrap to buy bread . Gaza blockade .
All top media own the Jewish 1 % & amp ; all 12 national banks of Jew's too - odd's on that ?
Just signed up from The Controversial Truth Project l via
( Fake ) Israel may be the Antichrist & amp ; the cast of the false prophet's !
Way more than that ! NWO is Real , all of the politicians work for the same mafia gang !
the real Nazi's are the AshkeNAZI Jew's !
But Bernie didn't support Ron Paul's bill for audit the Federal Reserve .. i wonder why ?
So , if Killary beats Trump , Bill will the next "" First Lady "" ? ?
Who Towers Behind Trump ?
Planet Killers , Geoengineering , Chemtrails , HAARP . Whos controlling it ? via
Facebook goes full ORWELLIAN now blocking all stories mentioning the keyword phrase Vaccine's via Nut News
DEEP REVISIONISM 2016 - view by Rae West via
If US cant stop the war , it can at least stop selling weapons to Saudis - 10yo Yemeni girl to
Journey To Aleppo Part II : The Syria Civil Defense & amp ; Aleppo Medical Assoc . Are Real Syrians Helping Real Syrians -
Hillary suddenly moves $ 1.8 billion to Qatar National Bank - Puppet String news
10 people followed me and 11 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
Wake Up before too late ! ! Cannot follow the billionaire's ! !
BetsyDevos literally paid everyone in the room noDevos politics congress corruption education
9 people followed me and 7 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
5 people followed me and 8 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
UNtakes first concrete step to hold Israel accountable for violating Palestinian human rights Mondoweiss
sexwithsockson These dudes usually have a watch on too ! They have to be ready to run when her man comes home . Hard to run away barefoot .
"" @Affection : When bae walks in the room
When Bae and I have lunch Mu Shu Chicken
Bae's favorite ... My favorite !
umm kinda ? Il txt u about it later
I want teazersss ! :)
Life's challenges show us how important people are in our lives . Ily too
i agree , it's amazing :)
Driving downn Channel road ! (;
I won't replace youu :)
your out there Jasleen .
Girl you got that secret treasure , let me put a lock on it ;)
I am in such a good mood ;)
Inspiring thoughts from scientists , thinkers & amp ; conservationists on biodiversity : via es161
I hate it when I can't stop thinking about that one person , and deep down inside , I know they probably haven't thought ab ...
Hey , life ain't always beautiful , But its a beautiful ride . GaryAllan
i hate getting stuck driving behind jackasses like this
promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate
Hatred stirs up dissension , but love covers over all wrongs "" . - Prov 10:12
My computer : oh hey Emily , you haven't saved in awhile . Now would be a perfect time to restart with no warning !
I'm still laughing / crying about tonight
Oomf has a twitter account
My bag of weed just unrolled itself , opened , fell on the ground .. scary tweakin itstellingustosmokeit
well be at eachothers weddings wait youll be IN the wedding haha
Got some good basketball games on 2nite . & amp ; the new season of ridiculousness finally
The song "" Marijuana "" by Kid Cudi is exactly 4 minutes & amp ; 20 seconds long .
I love soo much ......
When the teacher asks who's presenting next
literally just had a glass of chocolate milk
Today's the day . We can't wait to honor Paulie 14 . RETWEET for a chance to win an autographed Paul Konerko bat .
When you take 2 Ls in one play
some photos from the Trump protest
There's a couple next to me or whatever you kids call it now a days .. The lady is trying to engage in convo while buddy just nods and claps .
Ora si por seguro me toca una santa peda que maana no se trabaja ! ! Pero luego recuerdo que ando solo .. Pero me vale ! Que caigan las chelas !
Snoop Dogg finding out how hotdogs are made
It was a magical regular season from start to finish ! FlyTheW
Speechless . I love my team . Thanks Cubbies .
Truth ! We need breathing room as well people !
When you think you been working for 5 hours and it's only been 22 minutes
"" Lean with it guac with it ""
laying in bed trying to find that comfortable spot you were just in
Pain is temporary . It may last a minute , an hour , day or year , but eventually it will subside . If I quit , it lasts forever
"" How's life going ? "" Me :
Dear US citizens in Puerto Rico need water , food , oxygen tanks , medicine BUT NOT A GOLF TROPHY . You still do
Got a lot of studying to do tonight
It's funny how chance , fortune , and fate all work together
I'm sitting in the living room tryna watch TV but I caint cuz roommate B & amp ; her boyfriend are loud , singing nasty songs to each other
a dude named Muscle just tried to talk to me ... ur name and the 2 tattoos on ur cheek ! tell me we aren't meant to be so dont waste ur time .
I hate this whole live out of a suitcase thing :/
To grow is to change .
Where TF is Chris Tucker tho ?
Goin to sleep at a decent time , I declare !
As always np love hate thing - wale
Life gets easier when you learn to accept the apology that you never got .
I need an EZ Tag !
The next full moon is Aug . 21
Somebody finna win 425 mil
Sexy ! Aint even got to take nothing off ... all he gotta do is unbutton that tie a lil and all the girls will swoon lol
I dont even like those :(
Dude more emotional than all my homegirls combined !
how long will you be in Texas ?
where ? The Gallo ?
It's rare you'll find a truly selfish virgo . They are natural givers and pleasers .
This will be my year
I want to see less junk on my TL and more God ! So excuse me if I unfollow you , nothing personal .
True Faith will at times , ask you to go against the crowd and your loved ones , for God
Excited for Sunday ! !
I'll sleep when I'm dead due to this homework
rt if this would improve your current life situation
I cut off all of my alarms this weekend and missed tennis workouts because of it . I'm screwed .
When the vodka hits you
People make time for what they want .
I'm trying not to blow all of the money I just got for Christmas at the book store
I trusted you so much and you betrayed me . I guarantee you'll regret this .
Love comes so slow & amp ; it goes so fast
Pay attention to ya girl or this could be you
First Born Children are overachievers .
Can never go wrong with a Harry Potter movie night with bae
Stephen Curry choked on this one . On to Cleveland
I'm marrying you if we're both still single at 40
I love you you are such an inspiration
I don't fear commitment , I fear wasting my time .
"" you can't study all the course material for your final in one night "" not until i shift into MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE
You shouldn't be required to start a new semester until you've gotten over the emotional and psychological damage from
Prisons in Sweden look better than any university accommodation ever
The one that got away SkimmLife via
I hate when iPhones change my "" Omw "" to "" On my way ! "" .... Like I'm not that hype
It's been Halloween for 4 days now
So thankful for for running with me everyday and making me a better person daily
My sister was so happy to eat her burger and then .... Make this go viral
All up in that SkimmLife via
going to be reviewing my first documentary ever on LaurenLovesMovies w / bsbdocumentary
Glory IS the best original song . oscars
First tan of the year ! sunny gorgeous bikini victoriassecret sunglasses
My and my bae Tom Hardy ! MadMaxFuryRoad
Just finished the 1000 Abs Challenge ! Ahhhy abs are dying but I might do this a couple
It may be FreeSlurpeeDay but I'm more thirsty for the BatmanVSuperman and SuicideSquad trailers ! SDCC
I added a video to a playlist Fantastic Four - Movie Review
America gets political with South America , a couple loses a child , and a girl is stuck in the woods
Here's Day 15 of my horror movie review marathon with TheRingTwo ! Comment , Like , Share and
I was just looking up Jessica Rabbit costumes before I knew you were dressed as her . Good job ! winning
That was crazy and I had it on mute and I didn't watch ... until tomorrow , guys ! batmanvsuperman
I added a video to a playlist The 33 - Movie Review
GO LEO ! GO LEO ! GO GO LEO ! GO LEO ! ! GO GO LEO ! GO LEO ! GO GO LEO ! GO GO LEO ! GO LEO ! ! ! LEO ! !
That Jungle Book trailer ... yup , yup !
Black people in movies with mostly white people . That was too funny ! Wait ... Wasn't Chiwetel Ejiofer on The Martian ? !
Here's my review of TheWitch ! Share , Like , Comment , and Subscribe to LaurenLovesMovies on
A forbidden love , a Hollywood lifestyle , a drug cartel in this week's Trailer Thursdays !
Here's my review of TheConjuring 2 ! Share , Like , Comment and Subscribe to LaurenLovesMovies on
Day 20 of the adorethecore challenge with the twisted teaser . This was actually very difficult
Here's Day 6 of my Horror Movie Review Marathon with LittleShopOfHorrors !
Here's my review of Inferno ! Share , Like , Comment , and Subscribe to LaurenLovesMovies on YouTube .
Here's my trailer reaction & amp ; review of SpiderManHomecoming !
Trailer Thursdays : T2Trainspotting , Lowriders , Catfight Share , Like , Comment , and Subscribe
Back to the Future is Back !
Day 28 of the stretchrevolution with the standingeagle pose . No matter how difficult or
I added a video to a playlist Trailer Thursdays : Once Upon A Time In Venice , The Exception , Tulip
Black Panther trailer has just been released , trailer reaction coming out tomorrow !
Saw more incredible animals . animaladventure fun zoo animalweekend roadtrip
I liked a video Strong like Wonder Woman Workout | PIIT 28 Fat Burning Exercises
Here's Day 21 of my Horror Movie Review Marathon with TheWolfMan !
Heres my review of JusticeLeague ! Ive also got a special announcement in the form of a
I serve God by loving people .
NEVER EVER USE LABCORP FOR TESTING . THEY ARE DIRTY THIEVES .
I just got a $ 5 credit for movies and TV shows Click to get yours . get 5
This bundle contains 5 Android debuts , including Sword & amp ; Sworcery , plus quite a few debuts on Mac , Windows , or Linux : ht ...
For Small Business Saturday , maybe donate to your favorite small business developing RPG tools and open standards ! ...
Get it free : The Freebie Gamer Bundle via
I won in Guess the Card Game at One more step towards my free prize ! My Invite Link : https://t.co / wQo 6x6Evjv !
I won in Guess the Card Game at One more step towards my free prize ! My Invite Link : https://t.co / wQo 6x6Evjv !
I won in Guess the Card Game at One more step towards my free prize ! My Invite Link : https://t.co / wQo 6x6Evjv !
I ` ve just won new GiftHulk Fountain of Youth code - fofhluvxq ! Get rewarded with real-world prizes at GiftHulk !
The new iPad is 4 dimensional . ( 4D glasses sold separately . ) crazyipadrumors
Today I go to my real job .
Bad news , everyone : Science Officially Stomps All Hope of Dinosaur Cloning - Escapist Magazine
Nearsighted people , you ever suddenly notice something's not right and realize it looks like you baked a lasagna on you
I hate when hair gets stuck in my piercing .
I'm about to steal this puppy . It is the cutest little puppy I've seen .
Oh my gosh . Nooooo .
It's difficult for me to pick favorite Disney / Pixar characters , but Dug is definitely one of my favorites .
Allergy season can suck it . My nose is so itchy .
These kids dressed as a transformer and Marty McFly are my heroes .
This is pretty awkward .
First Thursday without a new Community . Oh man .
I think someone should rescue from Los feliz for his bday gift justsayin ...
I wish I owned Attack The Block .
It's Community Thursday ! sixseasonsandamovie
Too tired to function .
Road to the Multiverse is one of my all-time favorite Family Guy episodes .
Tonight . It just fills me with joy .
Dropped my phone so hard , the time and date went back in time . imatimetraveler
This chocolate shake has so much whipped cream . Leslie Knope would approve .
The moon looks so pretty right now . summernights
"" Is anyone gonna transfer ? "" "" I'M GOING TO YALE . "" "" Really ? "" "" Ha . No . "" thismathclass
... and Parks will be back with Community in a regular time slot at the beginning of Jan . Nothing to see here . All is well .
Let the 24 hour A Christmas Story marathon commence . merrychristmas
Music isn't music to my ears . Pizza is .
Heroes get remembered but legends never die .
Holy shit , Black Jesus is gonna be bananas .
Will and Carlton from the episode of the Fresh Prince when they went to Vegas and competed in the contest
Pastrami and mac n cheese sandwich .
* goes past Blaze * * looks longingly at it *
Finally some quality time with my girls , T-Hova and Steezy my main hoodrats .
Today is the day Americans celebrate that time Will Smith took down that alien spacecraft and saved the planet . Happy In
Hiiiii MarQuis ! How's your Friday night going ? ? ? :)
If called me I honestly don't know what I'd do , but I'd like to find out ! Please do it Justin JustinBieberFanCalls
Retweet if you're walking into 2014 single ?
Okay anxiety it's not cool of you to kick into high gear when I'm trying to sleep . Ugh .
freezing rain out with snow to come . Yay winter in Wisconsin . Haha . I seriously hate winter :-/
this if still doesnt follow you so i can dm your names to Justin and
needs to post a new selfie & amp ; follow some more people on ASAP because I'm going through withdrawals ! agree ? !
CONGRATS ON THE FOLLOW FROM ! ! ! ! You're so blessed
2:30 a . m & amp ; I'm exhausted yet can't sleep .
since you helped create I think you should post more selfies on it . And you should follow me
if Justin doesn't follow you and I'll spam him with this link
Time to teach Baylor how to Bucky ! Let's go Badgers ! SweetSixteen Wisconsin Badgers
My other 1/3 miss Erica
Bonfire shot ! you should be here !
Sun and rain ? Okay Mother Nature
Officially done with one of my summer classes ! Now I just need to finish this lesson plan for my other one and I am FREEEEEE
I want those shoes ! !
Miserable with food poisoning . make me feel better , please .
for Timeflies tonight are we supposed to wear costumes ?
Snuggling with Bears blanket . The only thing that brings me a millimeter of peace . I didn't just lose
Work is killing me tonight . I just want my bed !
Sitting at waiting on hurry your butts up please
this just completely broke my heart . She's still with you , Justin . She always will be .
truly sad to see "" the city of lights "" and "" city of love "" so dark and full of sorrow and grief PrayForParis
Let the birthday shenanigans begin !
Post wedding hangover is unbelievably real today . Staying in bed and binge watching Grey's Anatomy until I feel less crappy
the chills and vibes this song gives
Sitting here drinking wine emotional AF , and then you release Look What You Made Me Do . Badass mode ACTIVATED . You killed it
Hey if youre home in Madison this Friday , you should check this event out ! Tats 4 tots at Ultimate A
It's the iPod-a-day Giveaway ! Enter daily to win an iPod Touch -
Check out Zookt ! Play to win the items you shop for , get a reduced price even if you lose . Why shop anywhere else ? !
I just voted for VIZIOArizona ! Vote for your pick at VIZIOFans
I'm earning mPOINTS in MocoSpace .
Compete with other fans to score great prizes from VIZIOFans
Compete with other fans to score great prizes from VIZIOFans
Also , catch Frosty in the Land Sliders mobile game ! iOS : & amp ; Android : Frost
Help Po train his young friends to protect Panda Village ! Play Panda Training Challenge :
Post with KungFuThankYouContest for the chance to win a custom panda portrait ! Rules :
. @gwenstefani voices DJ Suki , the master beat behind every Trolls song ! TrollsTuesday
I've collected 2,272 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 602 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
Please , come back ! androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 1,095 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
Experience madness like a champion with a VIZIO Sound Bar . Shop now :
I've harvested 1,050 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 310 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 75 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 13,195 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 54 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 210 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
On average , a community's freshwater well serves 300-500 people ! thirstproject SWAZI 2022
iConsumer ~ Save , earn , & amp ; own ! Join & amp ; earn 100 shares ! Cash Back rebates & amp ; coupons ! iConsumerShop
Ray missed math class that day
Are the Red Sox or the Angels the biggest joke ? ? ?
miamiheat 3 down one to go
thanks . Good luck .
Join us online Barefootchurchlive.com at 9:30 and 11:15 !
It's been an amazing day so far , but it's not over yet ! One more experience tonight at 7 PM in NMB . God is changing lives ! !
Getting ready for an awesome video shoot tomorrow with Dr . Bill Jones .
Had a great start to my morning ! Can't get much better on this earth than praising our Daddy on the beach with other children of God ! BCWOW
ChangeingLivesThatChangeTheWorld ... This same Good News that came 2 u is going out all over the world . It is
If you didn't get Jar'd up last night , watch online or in NMB (8 , 9:30 , & 11:15 ) or 2 in Whiteville ( 9:30 & 11:15 ) ! barefootchurch.com
Reminder : No AWAKENING tonight in N #MyrtleBeach . Family Communion Experience 12/15 PM !
What's in your closet ? ifyouonlyknew ... New series begins January 28th ! ! !
Reflecting on this morning's quiet time and staff meeting ! Encouraged , Challenged , and Energized to help move the vision forward !
Mark 5:28 Don't be defined by your circumstance ... but rather by your Creator !
God is good ! Hearing awesome things from about God working & amp ; healing tonight ! !
Here we go girls ! ! ! Go USA ! ! ! !
The Place of Ministry : His disciples asked Him privately , Why could we not cast it out ? "" ( Mark 9:28 ) . The ... ...
RT @PastorPierreJ If flesh eating birds could bring Elijah bread & amp ; flesh on schedule , God can take care of you in a way that doesnt make sense !
yeah I plan to try to catch the recap tomorrow morning
great retweet Chris ! I think a lot of people miss that theology isn't just about the Christian faith . Theo means god not God .
God's hand is on everything in my life right now ... I would have tried to take credit for them in the past . :-/ He loves His children ! :-)
Such a blessing to hear the excitement in your heart past weeks ' events and the days / years ahead ! Thank you ... Excited !
Down time before Vision night ... what do you do ... help catch up on walkingdead ... epidemic ?
The Shiloh Place team is praying MORE revelations of the Father's LOVE over you this week ! May you know Him deeper !
is that a technical term
Ladies be sure to sign up for our 1st women's event of 2015 , IF ! Register online .
Ancient trash talk : look out for dogs , mutilators ( snip snip ) and criminals . Philippians 3 gracebyfaithnotworks
Do you think they would notice if we moved in ? holtimpromptumountaintrip pictureflood
Go Christy ! ManyChurchesOneBody ChurchandCityPartnership
Blessed memories and moments !
Our bags our packed and we're on the road ! missiongetchiptodisneybeforehes 40
Sometimes you just have to turn the clock back almost 20 years and sing every word out loud for your husband to ...
AtThisHour Did Trump say companies making goods outside of America will be taxed . Does that include the Trump Kkklan businesses
Off His Meds And Out Of Control , Trump Launches A Late Night Attack On Rep . Frederica Wilson - Trump still Lied
AMJOY Trump ? , Women ? , Sacret ? , not secret regarding pussy groping but sad he got exposed
Sadly , Im afraid youre right ! !
Republicans don't care , Its all about pushing lies to appear productive
Time to freak out Trump . The Mueller man's noose is tightening around your lie spewing throat
Liar this indictment was 2006 to 2016 in 2016 Mannafort was your campaign chairman . Stop lying you dirty ass Sewerrat
Articles to Impeach Trump To Be Filed By Multiple House Members By Thanksgiving Its time to go Oh Donnie Boy
We won't be distracted from your efforts to give billionaires tax cuts , take health care from millions and deny climate cha
Trump on Texas church shooting : ' May God be with people of Sutherland Springs ' NY TERROR , TEXAS CRICKETS
Texas governor : Church shooting may seem ' heavy right now , ' but relax . Hitler was worse .
Rapist , Groper , racist shitweasel
Angelo , thank you for your concern and for bringing this to our attention . We worked with our media partner and FOX n
... and then denying it
Two people accidentally shoot themselves at church while having discussion about gun safety
Watch and RT .. Scum draft dodger is secretly holding talks to privatize VA benefits while holding veteran
Nazi The Trump administration and the guy next door
While yr fat ass golfed destroying a tradition yr worried about black NFL players . #UShitWeasel
Shut up you old shrunking tool pervert
Twitter is paralyzed by Trump's tweeting
Trump's McDonald's binges and screaming fits revealed in new book No fitness just a fat ass pedophile
Fuck you whitte trash if you cannot comment without nane calling go fuck urself bitch
This bitch Trump rapes kids so hold up on pointing fingers . This is far worst then a gro
As tax plan gained steam , GOP lost focus on the middle class
RoyMooreForSenate RoyMoore ALSen AlabamaElection AlabamaSenateRace RoyMooreChildMolestor
Keith Ellison Shames Both Parties For Not Standing United Against Trumps Dangerous Presidency -
Republican U . S . Senator Collins says she will vote for tax bill Dumbass please vote her funky ass out in2018
Thoroughly regretting not seeing Of Monsters and Men at
you're a saint ! Hope everything is all right
Firefighters and fellons all in one night . Be careful with fire , everyone !
"" I think you are just trying to make excuses ! How does it affect your grade if you aren't given the resources ? "" IELiveTweet
trade w / rams to get Nassib or Ej . Otherwise wait till rnd 2 for qb , Would luv Dion Jordan if he falls .
LET'S GO BUFFALO ! UKBills
ESPN Fantasy Football site crashing , so here I am tallying points on graph paper over candlelight , just like my father's
Big things ahead for this team !
Noble Group asks lenders to extend a key credit facility until the end of 2017
Devin Oliver named MVP of Slovenian Super Cup finals . Petrol Olimpija beat Krka .
My week on Twitter : 1 Tweet . See yours with
Vince Wilfork : Out ( cankle )
Glad I didn't stay up and watch that boring end to game 3 . WorldSeries
How did they blow that call ? NOvsATL
It was epic alright , but in no way tragic !
If the server was wearing a cowboy's jersey , I'm fine with it .
He looks like a better looking version of .
So now golfers are athletes ? soconfused
Oh yeah . Turns out he missed the mosquito and it scored .
This Cowboys player was offsides the whole game Now that's funny
If you want to call someone a "" Retard , "" start with me . I dare you . My debut : |
That's the reason for the personal attacks ? One man's opinion on seeding and difference between a 1 and a 2 seed .
They say Kentucky's "" Big Blue Nation "" travels better than any fans ... Which makes sense they all live in mobile homes .
Any chance it starts at 8p m instead of after 9pm next year ?
More than I hope Floyd loses , I hope he disappears from the public view .
You'll have to be more specific . Which moron said that ?
If he was that good how come he couldn't outrun Dillard's security officers ?
with the HIT STICK ! FlyEaglesFly
What was worst , FAU fumbling the punt , or Miami falling on it instead of picking it up and walking into the end zone ? FAUvsMIA
This almost cheered me up today . Eagles
Sproles is back ? Good lawd ! FlyEaglesFly
BUT IF YOU CALL IN THE NEXT 10 MINUTES , WE'LL INCLUDE A SIGNED PHOTO OF JOSEPH RANDLE AS A FREE GIFT TO YOU !
Chip : "" we didn't play well "" Reporter : "" why not "" Chip : "" I don't know why "" Isn't that your job ?
Does Chip think that people believe this ? Eagles
> be as inefficient as possible , that is work as much as possible for as little as possible . In other words , work all day lo
He looks upset . He expected it to go in !
Just finished week 9 day 1 of 10K Trainer on Android with everymomentcounts run beatyesterday getafterit discipline
Thirsty Thief pretended to buy a Slurpee then robbed cashier at the 34th St / N 7-11 on 6/18 1am . If you know him Text SPPD + T
Everyone else was a no show this morning .
im so insecure its crazy
never take anything for granted
we have no other pics bc u h8 me
A rat is a rat
this is all I see in this pic
There's a smudge on my armor ! Who touched my armor ? !
Ive completed the mission 4 STALINGRAD with three stars ! toydefense 2
OMG ! I scored 7 pts in flapflap ! ! ! - >
Thank You for the follow .. I am a member of UPP
Gen 310 Preparation for Transformation : via
Have You Seen BakeryMailer ?
Free and Awesome Advertising with InstabucksMailz !
If you need more traffic and leads ... Then you need to check out BHVM !
Have you Joined InstaBucksMailz yet ?
GlobalViralMailer is Paying Me 70 % Commissions ! rnhttp :/ / globalviralmailer.com / ? rid = 2126
PuffinMailer Just Launched and over 3000 Have Joined ...
A Rocking Awesome viral mailer , Join now !
Have you Joined Instabucksmailz Yet ?
Have you Joined Instabucksmailz Yet ?
Check out this ViralListBuilder ...
Diving Deep To Get Your The Traffic and Cash You Seek !
Looking 4 Traffic That Converts ? ...
Have you Joined InstaBucksMailz yet ?
Check out this ViralListBuilder ...
All the Traffic and Dough That You Knead at BakeryMailer !
Free and Awesome Advertising with InstabucksMailz !
A Mailer That & amp ; #039 ; ll Score You More Sales and Traffic !
Get the Traffic Results You Want at TrafficPuckMailer ...
Get the Traffic Results You Want at TrafficPuckMailer ...
Use PromoCode : INSTA 2500 for $ 100 in Value-added Advertising today !
I & amp ; #039 ; m Mailing at PuffinMailer are you ?
Get the Traffic Results You Want at PuffinMailer ...
Set goals so big they laugh . Crush them while they watch success goals GoalSetting Motivation inspiration
Tried Cerberus Age yet ? You should . cerberusage * 857 * Cerberus Age
I do believe one of things I kinda dislike about me is I worry about people too much . At least they know I love em lol ;)
I'm giving away something for you on 60 My Coke Reward Points . Get it here -
I'm giving away something for you on FTD Flowers and Gifts - $ 35 gift codes . Get it here -
Senior sitting with ninth graders . sofuckingcoolrightnow
THE GAME HAS JUST BEEN CHANGED
Where are you ? ? ? ' Me : ' On my way
I'm just so out of the loop !
Lets hold hands it will obviously make us run faster ! ! ! DrWho
"" I'm scared to let you know how I truely feel . Because my fantasies seem so unreal . ""
To everyone performing or being backstage at the one act festival today : Break a leg ! To everyone who may be watching the ...
Still reeling from today ! Great job to everyone involved in the one acts !
for this show atleast ! They screwed down boards
Sleeping in my little brothers room CouldNotSayNo
IMPOSSIBLALELELEL IMPOSSIBALELELE IMPOSSIBELALAL IMPOSSIBLE .
I should go to bed but Supernatural is calling
awkward words ! Imbrace your inner flirt ! ! !
twins ! One big difference though you can dance and Louis cannot ! SorryLouis
I wish my brother was that nice !
I'm on my 4th episode of Once Upon A Time and I have decided I'm in love with
Getting dating advice from my little brother . "" In first grade ... "" okayawesome thankyou
"" If u have the power to make someone happy , do it ! The world needs more of that ! ""
This is our bus ride home .
So my mom just ordered 33 tickets ... AllShookUp
Swimming in 50 degree water ... why ? Because my little brother told me to . LakeLife
When Supernatural episodes are based in Minnesota > > > >
Drive in next weekend anyone ? !
Senior halloween party check ! sofun
I have decided to break out the ugly christmas stuff for Tuesday and Wednesday !
I'm ready to go to college .
Even though it's a six pack of rolls , it's still a six pack
teach me your ways ! ! !
I hate you both ! And I hate auto correct
Nahh , my butt is still nicer than yours ;)
I feel so alone . I wish I had one friend who I actually saw outside of school and I don't mean just bumping into you at Walmart .
the torture you must be enduring !
bringdowntheking and put bran up !
I hope you had a good day ! spreadingthejoy justgotoverhavingmono
I just wanted you to know that I did my final project for my college French class on tiny box Tim .
We did not know the whole truth about Obama until he was elected . We know infinitely more about Trump and have for years .
As long as Megyn Kelly is not there , I'll be watching .
How can our guy NOT win with crowds like that ? ? ? ? ? ?
I TRULY BELIEVE THIS MAY BE THE ELECTION THAT GOES DOWN IN HISTORY AS THE ULTIMATE LANDSLIDE ..... FOR DONALD TRUMP , OF COURSE .
I WASN'T AWARE THAT EVERYONE THINKS HE WILL NOT WIN IOWA . WHY THE CHANGE ? LOSERS HOPE FOR THE DEFEAT OF OTHERS .
Cheers : McAuliffe heralds Hillary's boozing , ' fun to throw back a cocktail with ' via
Welcome to TrumpCommunity RETWEET to welcome Sarah Palin !
I believe Piers Morgan is a rape apologist rat turd ) via
MEGYN KELLY IS A COMMON WHORE WHO SHOWS HER LEGS FOR ATTENTION . SAD .
One cannot even compare Trump with the other candidates . He transcends in brains , logic & amp ; common sense ...
If Jebby is the candidate I will vote for Hillary , whom I despise . Does that tell you anything about Teddy ?
Donald Trump is going to be our next pres . - his job is to undue Obama's mistakes ..
Chris Wallace you should be fired for your biased interview with It was difficult to watch-you failed .
DO YOU THINK YOUR OLD LADY WILL BE AROUND LONG ENOUGH TO ATTEND TRUMP "" S INAUGURATION ?
Mitt Romney Slapped With Racketeering Lawsuit via
Bill O'Reilly interviewing a racketeer ? Your jealousy of Trump has exposed your criminal background & amp ; will continue to do so .
Lost emails from Clinton server discovered
Will vote Trump PA I applaud his courage , common sense & amp ; boldness
If you are not the Repub . nominee I will change parties & amp ; vote for Hillary . Cruz is a double-faced dirtbag , lying Ted-so true
No politician in France would have to make such a statement . C'est normale . Sex and politics go together .
I lived in France - they hate all Americans . True ! !
Oh but that Mittens would be the man that Ben Carson is . Mrs . Romney did not raise a normal or decent son but a lying cheat .
Take a look at the odd faces of the Romney clan ......
She did not protect them from Bill so , NO !
Those emails are her Watergate .
Dick Morris : Trump Will Rise over Terror , Hillary Not Ready for Job via
was furious tonight about the lack of charges . Crooked Hillary MUST be punished as well as Philanderer Bill .
Millions more are going to vote for you !
He knows she needs all the help she can get .
May God Bless you and your family Mr . President for doing all you can for the real citizens of the USA who believe in our Cons
shhhhh Mother Nature doesn't need to know
I'm really good at messing things up
5 seconds away from getting punched in the face by Joelle Nunziato rtyour 2k15
He fist bumped the baby
Only available on Tidal ? ? ? Psshhh I've got TLOP on the TI - 83 fam
okay maybe I'll do it once ....
877 : your puns and 3 a . m . tweets are the best puns and 3 a . m . tweets .
When you don't wanna strike out looking
they tell you not to turn your back on the world , but what do you do when the world turns its back on you ?
exciting week to be a Yankees fan . just went from a mediocre team with a bottom-third farm system to a mediocre team with a top - 3 system
Arizona stays loyal . even in the city they're still 99 cents
cause the hardest part of this is leaving you
Wearing a Santa costume for Halloween ?
what a beautiful way to go out of this world
Jeff Fisher looks like the guy disregarding doctors orders to improve heart health because it's "" steak night "" at Sizzl
Remember when everyone thought had a dick ? ? 2009 was one hell of a year .
I'm blem for real , I might just say how I feel
Ed Orgeron looks like an old catcher's mitt .
if an at-bat lasts longer than your fidget spinner spins for , then you had a solid at-bat
Pray for Scottish Steve Bannon .
I'm all for Trump bashing when he does his job poorly , but only if it's warranted and necessary
can't come soon enough ! !
on the fast track to GOAT status at age 24
So sick of "" news "" articles that purposely omit a part of the story in order to make it into something to outrage their audience .
flower_power fabric by trgatesart on Spoonflower - custom fabric
Getting into the Halloween spirit . Posted these earrings to my Etsy shop at :
Alphasmart , More Than Distraction Free amwriting freewrite writerstool
11 Things Every Aspiring Inventor Should Know via
This invention is the coolest thing you'll see today
Bum ! gogodididonyc 7 shows left !
August 22 , 1969 : The Beatles final photo shoot
A 14 - year-old Roman emperor invented the whoopee cushion . He was assassinated . TBT
i want a stefano shirt :(
Slaughter Ya Daughter = Imma fucc yo Daughter nigga
Lol boi Church goers do the most drugs B '
My head Hurt bad asf
no longer on bad terms with anyone . i'm declaring it . dislike me by yourself . i wish you the best
Lol Warlowe Mom funny asf B '
this hospital gave me too much morphine iont like this shyt
I know real crips and nigga you are not 1 savagemode
Warriors were up 14 ? 15 ? But that missed travel cost em the game ? Kay .
Like I deadass don't even know nobody by that name let alone in VA
I ain't see Star in so long B ' I know he going on me rn I be missing bro
Crazy bitch 20 : she lurks on ya page 24/7 just to see if you made a tweet that she don't like just so y'all can argue a
Yo Spanish girls are a different breed of human being
Im toooo straight Forward like i cant sugar coat shit loll idk how to
LMAOOOOOOOOO Bih be wanting Scammers nd shyt lol my cousin scammed his own girl mfs iont got no loyalty
Bitch Shut up nd Blow dicc tf
how about they scramble to figure out a cure for AIDS and cancer , you know the things that really matter
Mfs who tall think they could fight just cause they Tall just a Tall bitch nigga
I iont want that Bih she a Handy Down
Niggas tell nd think shyt just regular like who are you bro
My uncle be off 40oz nd Ercs talm bout His only believer is Allah no nigga you lying
REAL ONES DONT GOTTA SAY TOO MUCH ! ! MY BROTHER FOREVER ! ! Love you boi
Retweet if you're going to miss the Obamas
Ronald Reagan's daughter drops the hammer on ...
My fall / winter outfits > my spring / summer outfits
Bacc against the wall but I shall never fold
NF Its NSG Till I Bury A Billion ! !
Everything That Shines Ain't Gold , & amp ; Everyone Who Smiles Ain't Nice ! ThatsTheWayItGoes
Aye Goonie Wake Yo Azz Up So We Kan Hit Da Studio !
Aight Letz Get It Boutta Put On
Yo bro Shoot Me A Text I Lost All My Kontacts
iNever take these Gay chixx serious . iMean cum on , LESBIHONEST when the last time you seen two 80 y / o Ladies holdi ...
Ay Unk U In Da "" A ""
I Ride For My Niggaz & amp ; My Niggaz Ride For Me !
NF What's Good Homie Followback
I'm the old one on the right !
I love Project Gutenberg !
Id like to live as a poor man , with lots of money . ~ Pablo Picasso
My favorite Christmas Song ! O Holy Night Gypsy Soul via
Where did all the cherries go ? I know ... ask the crow
Shhh ! Don't tell anybody about our secret weapon 55 Lincecum SFGiants
I loved your thoughts on "" he who casts the first stone "" but could not comment or register because the links don't seem to work .
I feel for you . BART
Nice try , Celtics . Warriors Streeeeeeeeaaaak
New data suggest Clinton , not Trump , won Catholic vote
Apparently , if i was a blackmarket baby i would have been sold for 1 billion dollars . Thanks to my swedish supermodel looks .
I am pretty sure the Tumblr Universie in their infinite wisdom coined that term as a verb long ago . tumblr
that comment has me weak
This is exactly why I'm not trying anymore . Fuck you I'm done .
Day 2 complete ! fitness
Christian Grey is the same actor as Graham in Once Upon a Time mindblown
Oh lawd . All this unnecessary drama
How to cheat on a test
"" Find what you love and let it kill you . ""
Fuck everything . Why is this happening to me ?
Can't wait to chop my hair off
drunk me is the me I really wanna be . confident , hilarious & amp ; most importantly ... drunk .
How hard is it to let go of someone you can't imagine life without
Dinner was awesome ! Glad the parents get along !
I can't wait to start our forever
Miley in thigh high boots saved my life
Left my weed brownies on the table ... I wake up and they all are gone ... I Walk in my sister room and see this
I'm not even Christian and I'm offended . Who are you to decide whether someone's beliefs are relevant or not ?
THIS MAKES ME SO HAPPY
Hey NOLA .... moochoo luva ! ! ! We had a blast . Thx ya's ALL ! ! ! ! ! ! - KU ripCORDWorldTour
it's very entertaining watching you portray Rafiki . Much love !
Thank you New Orleans ! ! soul 2soul
Was a cubic zirconia til you made me a diamond
Need to learn how to just shut up .
Now available ! $ 20 Gold Glitter Globe Pendant Necklace by KrystalBijoux via
I had the pleasure of meeting Ms Leah of Etniq Minerals Cosmetics ! Her amazing line is in Little Rock's Whole Foods !
I would love to ! Will share your new site with my followers :)
"" And the thing thats important also is the way you match Abbie to him . Because shes also a brilliant ... ""
Photoset : adventuretime : Im not really sure what to make of this . Crazy ! ca-tsuka : Cartoon Network train ...
Photoset : thefirststarr : 9 things to seriously make you re-consider the entire existence of mankind Source : ...
Photoset : thereasonforthewordbitch : Slayyyyy
Fam , that scared me ! gotss
You never really appreciate living at home until you come back & realize how amazingly well-stocked your parent's fridg ...
lol this stuff just pops into my head sometimes . deepthoughts
oh so you'll walk with Kendra ? ;)
I used to have faith in humanity ... then I stepped into Wal-Mart .
Dear McDonalds cashier , don't give me that look . There's no age limit on a happy meal ...
Texting * "" Hey . "" * 2 HOURS LATER * Them : "" Hi . "" ........ Nope , it's too late . I don't wanna talk to you anymore .
TheAwesomeMoment when someone calls you and your ringtone is the Pokemon theme song . nerdtastic
When new residence halls are complete , UH will have larger residential population than UT Austin . More Coogs on campus tha ...
I love you more than flowers love the sunshine
Practice ! AustinBound ayooooo GoCoogs
what was the topic ?
Why doesn't Whataburger deliver ?
but I do , I dooo :)
Why do girls associate their selfies with a deep yet irrelevant quote ? I don't understand the correlation .
As a Leo instead of lowering expectations , you proceed as you want and let whoever lags behind to have to scramble .
Safe to say the were impressed when warmed up last week before her first pitch . Full story :
I feel so betrayed T_T so ignored !
aight ! I'm not helping with any of that tho ! Haha
Anyone got blackberry messenger or a cell phone if you do message me your pin or cell
Hold on and be strong .
The dark tampon rises . Tampon of steel XD ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTampon
If the sky is the limit , Why am I on a cloud still looking up
amazing night ! ! Isaac , ...
New shades ! ! ! ! !
Can't believe that you think I would lie about something that stupid . comeonnow
Sometimes I wish I had new friends .
I would order a lot more pizza if they said "" Dominos motherfucker . "" when I answered the door ...
Seriously , if you have a problem with me , just tell me . I can take it .
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! ! ! I'm so glad that we've been able to hang out the last couple days :)
It is the last night of summer . I'm going off tonight ! !
I just wish you would've had a backup plan before you acted on your emotions .
The one time I bring a book to government , isn't there ! ! !
$ 20 costume ? I think so ! ! ! halloween
Thunder buddies for life ! ! ! !
It's definitely 2 in the afternoon MyBad
Tough love is better than no love .
I Want A Fuckinn Rice Krispyy ! ! ! ! ! ! =/
Missing WestConn ... N Prob Class Tomorrow ! :-/
Smh ; I Do It For Yuh Every Morning ; I Just Fell Asleep Like Two Hours Ago ; Nnd Yuh Gon Get Mad Like I Never Do It ..
If Yuh Don't Use Ya Brain Than Ya Bodys A Waste !
The awkward moment when wikipedia has copied your homework .
The best thing about the past is that it shows u what not to bring into ur future ..
Don't go broke trying to look rich .
If it's a broken part , replace it . If it's a broken arm , then brace it . If it's a broken heart , then face it .
No I Said I Direct Messaged Yuh . Then I Seen This Sooo Ok W . E
BEEMA BENZ , OR BENTLEY REMIX BY HYPE - OFFICIAL FAN WEBSITE t.co ADD DOWNLOAD MIXTAPE piff.me RATE .. ...
Life's A Game ; Don't Miss Your Turn ! !
"" @Bobby_Hutton : why's that ? "" Not Very SocialI Guess :/
this is such a messed up situation and i hate you for putting me in it .
put the application in on my house ! !
break a leg lebron ! ! literally .
i love soooo much , she is the coolest bitch that i know ! ! ! ! ! ( also i should not leave my twitter open on ...
wonder who this is directed towards ................
where is this alcohol consumption taking place ? ?
how much do you miss meee ?
eat that pussy like a cold pizza !
long drive , but i'm home ! ! time for sleeep .
If I swallow magnets will I become attractive ?
Enter to win a Thirsties Duo Fab Fitted in this Great Giveaway ! Ends 03-22- 11 ~ Cloth Diaper Geek via
Check out monthly projects that help kids age 9-16+ learn STEM
do u ever wanna post something but it's so damn direct that u might as well put it in an envelope and mail it to their house
It's been 14 YEARS since the first ever episode of That's So Raven aired on January 17 , 2003
2 years ago tonight ... #SB49
Oh yeah , marshmallow coffee , yeah
A situation at home may be so confusing today that you try to ... More for Sagittarius
people : "" wait , u two aren't friends anymore ? ? ! but y'all used to be so close ! "" me :
Your obligations weigh you down now when you would rather be f ... More for Sagittarius
His nose looks like a
Don't scroll , PLS RT ... MISSING CHILD Matilda Jacobs 13yrs old About 5feet tall , Last seen by her family on 22/0
How to impress regular girls vs how to impress me
I JUST WANNA BE SKINNY , PRETTY , AND TAN ! ! ! ! WHY IS THAT SO HARD TO ASK FOR ? ! ? !
hey lil pibble would u like to be my sunshine
Just to see you smile , I would do anything . - Tim McGraw
See if yours is accurate
Retweet this for everyone in Houston to see
You dont mind a bit of verbal fireworks today as long as ther ... More for Sagittarius
THE ULTIMATE GAME DAY SPREAD
Monsters are scary Down Syndrome isnt
Me flipping the page over in an exam
I hope this girl lives a healthy life and actually grows up to marry her best friend
' everyone at school is in the same boat , don't worry '
Archival footage of one of my earliest gigs ( 1912 ):
in class . i should be doing my work but decided to take a break and tweet sum
I want some fruit gummies
"" Is flirting cheating ? "" ... idk is water wet
Him wearing my shirt . priceless
people : you're really quiet me : nobody plans a murder out loud
Sluts are advertising now guys .
Don't respect someone for making a promise . Respect them for keeping it .
My phone doesn't have enough power to take a picture but plenty to remind me it's dying every few seconds .
FUCKEVERYTHING ! - Suicide Silence
Kinda want my natural hair color back .
It's always good to get along with your fiance's family :)
my whole life is just oh ok
This heartburn is killing me .
I honestly don't know what the governor is up too , but him not being in any of these makes me think he's up to no good ...
Facebook games shouldn't be this addicting ... lmao
You're the first thing I think of every morning , and the last thing on my mind every night .
And by "" k "" I mean "" fuck you ""
There is messaging on Twitter . imdumb
ON THE NEXT EPISODE OF AMC'S THE WALKING DEAD : A CHARACTER DIES THAT DOESNT DESERVE TO DIE
You are seriously gorgeous . Quit being so damn adorable . Your new picture on here Perf .
I just want Beth back . ugh walkingdead
I need Beth to be alive ... Come on now .
s5 doesn't make sense if beth doesn't come back what the fuck is all that foreshadowing ? the parallels ? ? all the fucking blonde
Should be getting my Sims 3 game and expansions tomorrow or the next day ! excited
It's over . Not one word about economic inequality , climate change , Citizens United or student debt . That's why the Rs ar
i like goodmorning and goodnight texts , i like phone calls , i like knowing that someone cares and that they're trying , i lik
I think one of the requirements for being able to purchase a gun you have to write a 10 page essay on why you need a gun
I wish I knew back then , what I know now .
my life is pretty much when you throw something on your bed and it bounces until it falls on the floor
robert kirkman wanted negan to show up in season twelve don't trust anything he says
Volcano Hawaii BigIsland Lava Kilauea
Love the color of the canyon walls . Zion Utah takeavacation vacationtime
Cruise ship staterooms have come a long way - check out these suites . Which one would you like to sail in ?
Travel agents are about peace of mind , something a dot com can't do . Trust your once in a lifetime with us .
Ever wanted to experience the Christmas Markets in Europe ? Seven night cruise on AmaSerena , 1 night pre-hotel and ...
A vacation is the perfect way to show someone just how much you care . Theres still time to book a trip for the ...
Cruisitudethat feeling when youre on vacation , giving back , thinking positively , and being with friends and ...
One Day Only cruise special ! Book a Holland America Line cruise today for just $ 1 deposit !
My house is now level 14 in Design This Home ! Get Design This Home for FREE here : DesignThisHome
Thank you for helping to raise awareness to this critical issue . Dogs everywhere are still at risk ! ...
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite and my mom's favorite Yankee Enjoy ur day
I think should win GoldenGIobes best dressed on tonight . She's my choice from last night .
Ok Im ready for summer now .
"" Sometimes your mouth is moving faster than your brain . "" StuffCoachesSay Voice ...
Ok TeamUsher ! Retweet if you're voting for VoiceTop 12
You like the new TakeBackTN video w / JT in NYC ? ! Turn up the volume , dance to it , share it , repeat :
I like the "" hotter older twin sister "" better than part 1 . Can't wait to go buy it ! 20/20 Part 2of2
Who has the best brotherhood TVD for Damon and Stefan FAV for Klaus and Elijah
It's finally time to watch one of my fave dancers come back as a judge on DWTS !
A Tribute to Paul Walker :
Justin Timberlake is our favorite everything PeoplesChoice
For each retweet we'll give $ 1 to 2 help kids fight cancer ! Rules
When I was a little girl I always wished for a sister , on June 2 , 1997 my wish came true . Now not only
"" Your critics do not count . Their words will fade , you won't . "" Thank you , iHeartAwards
What do the seals think of sharks ? NorwalkAquarium SealsvsSharks 3rdGradeClassTrip
Having some in the park before our trip comes to an end funinthepark famjam roadtrip
' s just trying 2 fig out Tyler's check . Such a mess , every week the same or similar issues . I can't wait til it's all straightened out again
Johnny Depp on Letterman ... not an early night for me
Work ... work ... more work ... still have about 8 more doz to put together ... but then I think I can go back to making hats for the troops .
Omgoodness 27 degrees this morn .... I forgot how cold it can be
Ahhhh ! The ice machine is broken .... wahhhhhhhhhh ( u'd really have to know me and ice to understand that one )
I'm not sure who she is right now , but the girl on the ice the Olympics ... her outfit is beautiful ! Like a pheonix
Will woke btwn 1 & 2 said .. ' Mom I feel like there's something wrong in Hong Kong , China or Tokyo ' this is odd , but then I read there's a q ...
Spendin a few days with Tyler ... then back to the same old stuff Friday
I think I need 2 ck it out , a couple other friends say the same thing WOW I have the NEW Twitter cool ! ! ! ! !
out of all of Josh's exes , u have always been my fav :)
Thanks - always wondered that , never had anyone to ask b4 - Ur the best
we finally have rain in Denver , East Lincoln county !
Finally finished ' The Red Pyramid ' with Will tonight ... seems like that 1 took us forever to finish .
Tyler hopefully goes back to driving on Sunday morning ... Keep your fingers crossed ... this one comes with insurance
Its really cute those baby birds are outside my window ... umm not so cute when I forget and stand in my room trying to figure out that we ...
Think I must have jammed 2 fingers yesterday cause they are both swollen today ... my whole hand hurts to my wrist
Nerves are shot .... at doc with Will hoping its no big deal ... think I'm feeling his nerves cause they may draw blood
Making an afghan challenges my need for perfection ... cause I find flaws I missed earlier ... can't fix em :(
I do really love twitter ... its allowed me to win a few things I could not have otherwise afforded
Can u guess the brand names ? Join the fun by downloading the FREE ICON POP Brand ! iconpop
I never saw a map . I only saw a white square
Are you a Wild & amp ; Wacky Animal Kingdom Expert ? My Results .
Hey PantherNation if we get to 1 million I'll donate $ 8,888 . 88 to + Olse
I am in Mattoon , Illinois & amp ; can definitely see it . Loving your music ! ! :-)
WeLoveChristopherMauriceBrown WeLoveChristopherMauriceBrown WeLoveChristopherMauriceBrown WeLoveChristopherMauriceBrown ALWAYS ! !
SignsYoureAtAHoodProm When ur Prom pictures look like this > > > >
haha , I beg to differ ! !
Great pics of Chris & amp ; Kae from last night Rihanna's Dad : ' Chris Brown Has Matured a Lot ' via
Shout out to my boy chris breezy incredible talent ! Listen to his music before races ... helps me get in t ...
| | New Music : Berner f / Chris Brown & amp ; Problem Shut Up via
Your feelings are larger than life , but you are still an exper ... More for Cancer
Look who I just ran into ! Love seeing friends at these events ! Congratulations to GRAMMYs ...
You may be in the mood to do something special today that appl ... More for Cancer
I liked a video Chris Brown - Nothing song ( Legendado )
Ace Chan - Taken Off [ Prod . By ( Official Video ): S / O GreenMoneyMafia get it ! !
OMG ... It's Abraham Lincoln ! ! You must be warned ... do not , I repeat , DO NOT ever under any ( @YouTube
Family matters are still highlighted now , even if your role at ... More for Cancer
Stressing over a current dilemma only further clouds your judg ... More for Cancer
You might have the inclination to socialize with your coworker ... More for Cancer
Ford Summer Spectacular Giveaway via
If you are hiding your feelings behind a wall of safety today , ... More for Cancer
Your natural sensitivity to the feelings of those around you i ... More for Cancer
Although you might believe it's a good day to come out of your ... More for Cancer
The emotional New Moon in your sign is an early warning sign o ... More for Cancer
You strive to see both sides of a relationship issue today , bu ... More for Cancer
MMPRtoys 2015 Holiday Giveaway ! ( Ends Jan 2 , 2016 ) via
When the storm tides of emotions rise , you ocean-friendly Crab ... More for Cancer
Concealing your feelings is a coping mechanism that often work ... More for Cancer
Finding the right words to let someone know how you feel can b ... More for Cancer
You can get free gift cards for discovering things online w / @Swagbucks just like I did . Use my link to try it out :
Your restlessness may increase throughout the day , but there a ... More for Cancer
Your goals are set but you still must state your intentions so ... More for Cancer
You might surprise your coworkers with your uncharacteristical ... More for Cancer
Anthony is giving away a bunch of action figures and other collectibles ! Check out the video here :
Social scientists are being funded for this ! Noo ! MLISH
Kevin : "" Your analysis of crying sounds like an analysis of earthquake prediction . "" JS
Taiwanese visa just arrived via FedEx . I love having US citizenship - - no more migrantwomenproblems
Spending my last few minutes of the 4th reading Zhuangzi . Justified here : sinologistproblems
I really just need to be in Asia , where hot water is available outside every classroom . RBIC teawhore
"" #JS is writing science fiction ! I'm so happy . ""
The hero's ability to do math is literally a plot point in this epic . lolantiquity
Of John Powers : "" He looks rather like Gimli , son of Gloin . ""
My tumultuous relationship with GoogleChrome has caused me to be in an indifferently consensual relationship with InternetExplorer ?
Damnit I want to do a Chinese fashion history project but that requires getting over my allergy to material culture .
I didn't send her this thing as a writing sample though , so it actually is just completely coincidental . Yayy ?
Dune makes the salutary astringency of mosquito-repellent incense sort of beautiful . Warm , red , dry , spicy , and reasonably so . stod
I explained that being able to page books down to the circulation desk is like "" valet parking - - but for books "" . RBAY
. @lqtang while reading Fanfic book : "" I think we are in the fandom fandom . ""
I think I desire nothing in the world so much as to do this walk with Next year ... tilling 2016
She's going to be my winter break reading !
Love your stuff ! Any chance we'll see Sanne's Rio EF leo ?
Had a dream I translated the Analects into a bunch of sestinas . When I woke up I looked it up and realized I actually meant villanelles
Did Abby really just plop down at the table w / o being invited by Lily , Cane and Devon ? How rude ! YR badmanners
Feel so sorry for Aprils family ! Bring back the death penalty
Happpy Xmas Eve xcited santa 1moresleep festivities
bn sober for 3 days & amp ; is encouraging a messy Shed sesh badgirlproblems
ill try hahaha she might be too busy reading books
alingoooo alingooooo aye aye aye papppieeeeee loveit filth redlips edinburgers
thursday sesh thursday sesh thursday sesh 10hourstogo
Why am u having nightmares at 22 horriblesleep poorme
xcited to book more ibiza activities 2morrow organised cantwait 4weeks ibiza 2013
dispicable me 2 ? The wee minions will cheer us up
seeee meee , i dont like hangovers in this country whitey work
when i have a day off i 100 % need to have an afternoon nap essential lazy cossy
Sooooo excited for 2night , all the girls together for a big 1 arches dukedumont aaaaaah
Music on , bubble bath , chill singingalong earlynight
How cutes my sis ? frozen flavoured icecubes imnowell havingabadtime thannnkyou christiecampbell
not been able to sleep & amp ; after a night out
Why you gotta be so ruuuuuuuude ? Dont you know im human too
Why does my sister hog the tv i have vampires to look at ! ! ! ! ! ! annoying
Still being in bed at 14.10 is really nice cosy rareoccasion
New york , concrete jungle where dreams are made 1sleep NEWYORK newyear balldrop buzzing
No matter how much i sleep its just never quite enough
The only couple in there is Nathan & amp ; Cara . LoveIsland
1 sleep until i see my sister famalam excited
I blame my heals for the drunk state i got myself in last night was just numbing the pain ! sorefeet feardaddy
Being ill & amp ; stuck in the house is not for me is it normal i even miss the gym ? nowellmichellle
MOM SAID SHE MIGHT TAKE ME TO THE TP CONCERT THAT'S COMING HERE SOON LIKE WTF I DIDN'T EVEN THINK SHE'D CONSIDER IT MAN
Whateves . You're over me , I'm nothing to you , I don't even think I ever was anything to you now ..
Can you fix this , am I too far gone ? Ive never done this before . Dont know if Im ready but I wanna move on and Ive never said that before ..
BeingBornInOhio ..... I don't remember anything since I was like a day old when I left but I felt left out of these hash tags .
It's so attractive when a guy is protective
Maybe not country music , but yeah
Like .. wtf did I ever do to you ? I don't go out of my way to hurt people , so I didn't intentionally hurt you . So what gives ? ?
I forgot to cancel my free Spotify subscription before it charged me . There goes ten bucks I needed .
Buuut just pretend you don't care and its all good , eh ?
Mine would if I had the money . But yeah . No moola .
I was close ! XD
Me right now cause candy , I has a really sweet bf , and coffee .
I need a feels off switch
if more people cared about other peoples fandoms like this there would be no more wars
"" How are you doing ? ""
... at night when I close my eyes , I can still see this little lost girl inside and I don't know how to help her , I don't know what to do .
"" Let God be God . ""
"" And if I'm ever in need of advice from a psychotic potato dwarf , you'll certainly be the first to know . ""
I had to wake up early
My arms are gonna be hella sore tomorrow
Either just random compliment or you actually remember what my face looks like from long ago xD
THIS IS THE BEST THING IVE SEEN TODAY
idk about u .. but im really ready for the next phase of my life to begin aka the part where im stable and secure and not wo
A phrase I never thought I would say
Shut up and take my money
It's bigger than you know . They've got playing their theme song
Good work leigh_payne & amp ; auuussss
thanks for the follow ! I hope you will listen to our show !
Thanks Andrew hope you had a great turkeyday
and while we are on the subject don't send me a Christmas eCard either
Always let your conscious be your guide on the WDWMarathon course .
Dickie and Br'er Fox jamming to What Does The Fox Say ! Disneyside disneymagic wdw DisneyWorld
I'm certified ! Thanks for the help confirming !
thanks for following ! Please try our Disney podcast & amp ; let us know what you think .
Just order 4lbs of coffee from Tusker House ( 2 ) , California Grill & amp ; The Wave ! Thanks
. @PackMensBball KNOCKS OFF NO . 1 - SEEDED VILLANOVA ! SurviveAndAdvance PackMadness STATEment
Dad installed a locomotive horn in his Peterbilt asked him why & amp ; he said to move people . enoughsaid dadstory
Time to build the panel . If you listen to a lot of Disney podcasts , message us to join in .
check out these finds . Did you ever put model cars together ?
Drive 9hrs there 10hrs home every time .
The B1G should reverse that at halftime
BEST NIGHT EVER he said ! ! ! auuussss
last night we watched anxiously for weather updates , tonight just want to know if Dale is working tomorrow . poordale
can only assume is secretly in charge tonight .
Hair cut at the Harmony Barber Shop on Main St . USA ! Harmony Barber Shop Main
Football weather ? Ehhhh . NC State defeats Notre Dame , 10-3 in a game marred by heavy rain
Good morning from the MagicKingdom
Next shift is getting ready to be briefed . Always busy in the ops center . NORADTracksSanta
In all fairness he has a point . It's worth a try . I'm willing to offer him the miles he'll need to fly over there and s
How Ryan Finley compares to NC State's NFL quarterbacks , in YP form
With that half sack , Bradley Chubb now has 26 sacks , surpassing Mario Williams as the all-time leader in NC State history .
Dear ref at Copa del Rey , You . Suck . Dontyoudaretouchjose
I wanted some salt with that chip
Cosmin Moi saves ! The defender , replacing his dismissed teammate in goal , is the hero ! Shoot-out : Ludogorets 6-5 Stea
. @ChelseaFC is delighted to announce the signing of Asmir Begovic from Stoke City ...
Things are quiet here .
It's called Artistic License . If people are really intrigued by what the film portrays then they will research it .
Welcome to my new 1 followers and goodbye to 5 unfollowers ( FREE stats by
Boys are sleeping away , Jasper is snoring on my shoulder . I haven't slept from this migraine . So tired . But I love
Friends , I'm sad to announce Elena the Teddy Bear Hamster is OTRB
Did someone say Irish night ? Pass da whiskey , purrlease ! nipclub
I overheard a 5 year old child say today "" do they call it sand bc it's in between the sea and the land ""
Bit City is beautiful ! I'm putzing around trying to make a perfect city . It's like playing with tiny Lego sets !
PetComplaints "" My food bowl is empty . "" Gets fed . "" I don't want this food , I want your food . ""
I sleepy shop . It's like drunk shopping online , only without the morning hangover . And you still can't figure out
Goodness ! Jam packed tonight .
Thank you Lani , sure need some good vibes right now . * hug *
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a 1966 Batmobile with Batman and Robin Action Figures !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Specialty Series Batgirl Pop !
Buffy ! * smooches * I gotta run for a bit , but ya'll keep up the fun , ok ? nipclub
Double niptini if you purrlease ! Was at the store and it was too bright and loud . So glad to be at
Mr . Woods you are an absolutely disgusting example of a man .
One of the biggest and most historic monuments to the American People and the Trump-Chump calls it a dump . Way to g
thought of you when I saw this cutie
Everyone please retweet and keep this going to everywhere and let's picture him HOME ! !
* starts up Pomp and Circumstance * slayerschoolgrad
Aww sweet Felix , be sure to get lotsa snuggling with mommaz !
Christmas in the 1950s . Second Avenue in Fairbanks , Alaska . Photograph by W . Robert Moore .
Seeing this in my timeline gave me the giggles .
15 Colorful Facts About Norman Rockwell
Snuggling with my boys . Purrs all around . Goodnight my tweeps .
I had a thought , if Trump is still wanting to build a wall , we could just give him a Lego set .
Any plans to write a follow up to Sons of Destiny , maybe 10,15 or 20 years into their future ?
Thank you , I think I will get a pan . Sounds perfect !
Link to it here :
You are one of my top all time favorites ! ! :)
thanks for Shutdown , will consider it a b-day present since tomorrow is my B-day . Love you . Thanks too for your support .
so , forgive me if this has been addressed already , I have been off Twitter . Are you doing a book signing tour for new book ? ? ?
if it's a present to yourself , go ahead and open ! It's a great read !
The Innocence Project stands up for Bryan Sheppard !
"" Integrity is telling myself the truth . And honesty is telling the truth to other people . "" - Spencer Johnson
support for the wrongly convicted . It could happen to any one of us ! plz read this link , and sign petition ty
letters to ' new times , jj maloney , pat o'connor after innocent 5 convicted a must read !
PLS NEW AvonteOquendo missing poster Missing from nyc since Oct 4 Autistic / Non-Verbal FindAvonte
frm records O'Connor supplied from ' 89 , Will Bunch discovered obvious that Becker was w / holding great deal of Brady material frm the defense .
Bryan Sheppard was granted resentencing hearing after 18 yrs in prison
[CILB] First They Came ... ( 2009 ) - ALDE Civil Liberties campaign : via
thank you for the follow
thank you for the follow :)
$ 10 can feed a child in HornofAfrica for 10 days-In the U . S . text FOOD to 864233 to donate $ 10 right now askUNICEF
That was fantastic ! I stopped covering up a LONG time ago because , well , I shouldn't have to ! :)
Premature babies more likely to have respiratory probs . Today is World Prematurity Day
Thanks for the RT !
You can help improve conditions for children in the foster care system here : FosterChange
Oh simply fantastic ! How to explain gay rights when all else fails ( via LGBT gaymarriage
That reminds me of how silly it was to have American Express sponsor Small Business Saturday .
We have a new Minn-LInK report on supportive housing & homeless children's well being : childwelfare ...
NoJez Why Jezebel was wrong to post images of a woman being raped .
The hearing on evaluation of child protection screening in MN is starting now . Watch live at ...
Registration is now open for group webstream viewing for our FREE childwelfare conference on secondary trauma : ...
Your baby CAN'T read and isn't supposed to ! Learn the steps you CAN take toward literacy from our partner ...
Why is "" If I Had A Gun "" trending ? 8 children will die from guns today protectchildrennotguns
I LOVE it ! Congrats to Edie ! Another DOMA Win ! on ACLU - - via
How Much Bird Poop Does it Take to Total a SmartCar ?
Agreed I know Kevin who called in . Perhaps a follow-up show w / voices from international adoptees would be apropos .
The algorithm for constructing successful jokes . ( via
I have . I was a IV-E scholar during my MSW program at the U , & amp ; they had an ICWA policy / hx seminar & amp ; experiential learning .
Doctors ' view : Marriage amendment harmful to health of children , adolescents : mnunited voteno cc
The most awkward , entertaining , or horrifying notes ever written by a roommate . via
The of extremely poor people in the US - living on less than $ 2 a day surged to 3 million people . It's time to be ou ...
In support of the Indian Child Welfare Act :
Via Waiting on Proposition 8 and DOMA decisions : In Plain English
here's another from babyveronica press conference in Tulsa
This may have profound implications for children and the role of reading in shaping their brains . RT
Lake Michigan has topnotch healthcare States with the worst healthcare systems ht
A child's best interests need to be considered in a cultural context .
State laws / policies also unclear in the US - - > Mother battles to remove police caution for leaving son home alone
MN Youth Council talking about crippling student debt . Has impact on students ' ability to attend / graduate college & amp ; find good jobs CYIB 15
Oh my god . Judge reduces child rapists sentence because he didnt intend to harm 3 - year-old he sodomized
Follow up to last RT : Seneca Nation explains cultural role of mohawk , student allowed back in : Poor kid .
Taking the Wez for a quick walk
College students scooting around on skateboards ... Seriously ? ! ? How old are you ?
Breaking : Longwell , Hutchinson & Allen drove to Favre press conference to convince him to shut the hell up
Joshy says next year the Packers can have another Super Bowl .
Neat idea - but a little expensive for a thermostat ...
Will there be a way for those of us outside of Wisconsin to see this documentary ? Sounds interesting ...
Fuck it NFL .. Fine me and use the money to pay the regular refs .
I'm listening to "" What's My Age Again "" by Blink 182 on Pandora pandora
nation - prize pack going out randomly for retweeting the RUNFREE vid -
GOP : Cong Pearce says women should submit to men and today Gov Huckabee think birth control is only there bc women can '
A look at the offensive leaders for tomorrow's NFC title game . infographic :
If you think Elsa from Frozen being gay is gonna turn your kid gay , you're just revealing that you think being gay is irre
Want Democrats to win big in 2018 ? Us too . Say you'll help :
market choppy this morning . greek bailout still in the headlines . UPL is down slightly early ... mid term , not short term pick .
haiku investing : greecespainitaly , dominos standing at edge , falling with the wind .
this week's stock pick is $ PSX . refining play that boosted divy 25 % and will go ex-div this week . market is high , so be careful .
haiku simple : personal darkness , eyes close to escape present , woven dreams beckon .
haiku simple : cool desert breeze swirls , wind chimes sing in unison , song of Christmas hope . haiku
See if you know who sings this famous coke-inspired lyric MusicMaster
haiku simple : death of the evening , gives rise to shadows and frights , silent asylum . haiku
haiku simple : I can't see the wind , bare naked branches stay still , norther doesn't blink . haiku
haiku simple : gossamer wings spread , across afternoon's blue sky , cloud nymphs never rest . haiku
Proud supporter of your campaign , your victory , and your plan for first 100 days . Drain the swamp !
haiku simple : i hear the music , driven by the wind's folly , echoing in chimes . haiku
demi needs to come faster and they need to shut up and announce her already
Ha ! No detention for me
Nothing's better than justin timberlake singing thank you
family member : what'd u get all dressed up for ? me : to remind u all what ur thankful for
Get Rich or Die Tryin '
Just got kicked out of the debate
so we meet again .
Just because you forgive someone that does not obligate you to allow them back into your life
If this isn't friend goals then idk what is
just gonna leave this here and melt
There is no compromise on racism . There is no compromise on bigotry . There is no compromise on xenophobia .
When u drowning in homework but still say yes to going out
Idk how to feel about the last part
When you care , and they don't .
man if pornhub telling us then we really gotta get our shit together
Like for cole . Retweet but also for cole .
Imagine having money to save
When you both typing so you stop typing to let them speak first but they do the same thing
Some things never change .... Obviously I'm talking about me guys ... EyelinerForever
Love these ladies ! ! !
Me and Norma Jeane ! chinchilla chinchillasofinstagram
Congratulations ! The battle is over . Not only are you still standing , but you won ! The clouds are parting and you
Always be kind . randomactsofkindness
Admittedly , The Badlands are not prone to beautiful photography . I think this is the one time shooting into the sun
With the way people are driving and grocery shopping , I'd swear there was a massive snowstorm headed our way . WTF wtfery
Exactly . They thrive on reading the room and adjusting
BREAKING : Democrat Doug Jones won election to the U . S . Senate from Alabama in a sharp blow to President Trump that narrows the GOP
Donald J . Trump Rally TODAY Pennsylvania Newtown , PA 7:30 PM ET TrumpPence 16 AmericaFirst MAGA Jobs
Happy Trumpoween Crooked ! OhioVotes 4Trump - take pictures of your yard and post Trumpoween Halloween SundayMorning
It's unimaginable , with the evidence of Hillary's corruption and ineptitude , that we would ever elect her President MAGA Tr
Trump leads in PA by 34k with almost 95 % of precincts reporting
Donald Trump wins Popular vote 59,559 , 369 Hillary 56,035 , 990 . I do love Winning by 3Million votes
Vice President-elect Mike Pence is speaking with the House Republicans this morning . An
Of course builder / developer TRUMP will lay the perfect foundation to restore America Transition 2017 You didn't expect le
I am thankful for God and country . For our police and soldiers . For Trump and Pence . For family and friends . For my
BREAKING National Guard being deployed to Gatlinburg . We're live : https://t.co / Al9h0xigaf WATE
State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana . Early voting today ; election next Saturday .
. @transition2017 update : nominate OK Atty Gen Scott Pruitt as the next head of the EPA
Congress is about to use this little-used Contract With America tool to GUT Obama regs -
DJT selects Dr . Monica Crowley as Senior Director of Strategic Communications for the National Security Council . Congra
I just checked in at United Dairy Farmers Store with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
Franklin Graham : Donald Trump Won Election by the Hand of God
Michael Cohen , said to be in Prague by Trump-Russia Buzzfeed "" intelligence report "" , denies been in Prague .
Anyone who attacks loses legitimacy in my eyes , especially someone who made such a craven effort to deleg
We will bring back our jobs . We will bring back our borders . We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back ou
I love this guy . Retweet him if you feel the same . MAGA
Vanessa in the halls of The Capital Building before the inauguration 10 days ago . MAGA trump america usa
Aw , bless their hearts . ( Means roughly the same thing as ' kiss my grits . ' ) Dumbasses shouldn't have dissed our President .
The Crazies are Running The Asylum Democrats NancyPelocy Aleppo Putin NorthKorea GeorgeBush is in charge TR
Congratulations ! Senate confirms Zinke to lead Interior | TheHill
I just checked in at Shell Oil with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Georgetown Shell with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at United Dairy Farmers Store with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
... goodwill and friendship was formed , but only time will tell on trade .
Obama's $ 400,000 speech could prompt Congress to go after his pension via Yes , it wi
I just checked in at United Dairy Farmers Store with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Shell Oil with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
Why Jon Stewart is Most Trusted News Person ( subtitle : Even PhDs will Ignore Own Training to Write a Blog )
Student advice - should I go to graduate school ? Where ? via
Wondering how to do SoTL research ? Ask the experts : Jeff Bernstein , Nancy Chick , and Sarah Ginsberg . SoTL Academy , May 18-19 . UFSoTL
SoTL & amp ; controls ? Response issotl 16
Great things going on in KS schools . Hope we get this funding issue worked out so good things can happen next year .
Fun at Kauffman . KCChevyDealers
There has never been a more perfect , elegant tweetwatch this for zillions more tweets : http://t.co / SzyZuJrW HEC_TV STL
At a trivia night and I would very much like to punch the emcee . pushingrepublicanagenda misogynist cannotread
I wish I still lived down the block so I could support you during the protest . Much love from Cleveland .
auditorium completely empty now , only the boy wizard and old man pence remain locked into a neverending time loop that sho
There is definitely such a thing as a stupid question .
And he's got a kid on the way ! ? Leeper the Creeper , you are on a roll .
Jimersonnnnnn shut up and let me go play in the snowwwww
Was just called a "" cutie patootie with a booty "" by a really old man that Idk at all and now I'm just sitting here feeling uncomfortable .
Justin , quit complaining .
The goal is to ignore your girl as much as possible . No , no really . Girls dig that .
So I got carded today . Ya . So I could play with their puppies . Ya . Cuz you have to be 18 to play with the puppies you know . imalmost 21
when bae is mad at you but u just wanna love them :
Really hoping this weekend doesn't suck but I've already got a bad feeling .
I blame my current mood solely on being a woman . No man has these bizarre feelings .
I wanna buy things but I don't want to spend money .
"" can we get one ? ! I'd never wanna touch it but .. ""
I got a pocket got a pocket full of shit to do .
I wish you could cuss in papers instead of at them .
That was my last fall semester ever .
Tell me pretty lies .
Anybody else wish they could just mute their roommate ? Lol JustStopSinging
Not how I wanted to start today .
Real friends let you third wheel the sunset . perfection
GUYS ITS FREAKIN PUPPY THERAPY DAY
And while you sit there all sad and normal Im going to continue to shove 12 chips at a time in my mouth and hum the Jurassic Park theme song
I tell it how it is .
I seriously loved Vegas so much .. my bank account might disagree .
so excited to read your tweets the next week
Teen in custody after grandmother , 2 siblings shot at east Nashville apartment :
Smh at the thoughts runnin through my mind right now SHEESH
You may start off fairly certain about what's happening , but g ... More for Capricorn
This hospital needs to get it tf togetha ! ! Can't believe what just happened smdh
Finally got some damn FOOD after 2 days of not eating I'm rey smash ! ! Sincerely , a very happy hungry Fatgirl
Awww I see some ppl hatin EARLY .. You mad cuz ur team ain't in the playoffs anymore ? ! ? Aww so sad lmfao RAVENSNATION
Half time show sumed up in one word .. DAAYYUMMMM
Dammit ! ! His punkass got me ! Lol smh
Awwww .. u work today ?
Im not a people person ... people annoy me
People enter our lives for a reason
Miami I'm in love .. I aint goin back to bmore
Somebody said it's hard to turn down an attractive person when you in a relationship ..... not if you Loyal tho ..
Don't waste your energy worrying about whether or not your cur ... More for Capricorn
You might not be able to avoid a friend or acquaintance who as ... More for Capricorn
The fact that a woman would refer to breastfeeding as a "" pleasurable "" experience is fucking gross ! ! ! !
You are intrigued by the power of your actions now and may go ... More for Capricorn
I hate when somebody blows my phone up interrupting my sleep for no damn reason
The world cup needs to chill
People will sell they soul just to buy some attention and will throw away food before feeding a starving child TheWorldWeLiveIn
I have absolutely no motivation right now
Can't sleep , so I figured let me take a selfie CrookedSmile InsomniaSucks IShouldBeSleeping
There seems to be a lot at stake today and you're tempted to t ... More for Capricorn
I fall asleep at the most inopportune times
You see a relationship issue from both sides now , but you're n ... More for Capricorn
Although you don't often step outside of the practical realms , ... More for Capricorn
Your penchant for serious thinking won't stop you from joining ... More for Capricorn
You're uncharacteristically eager to rush blindly into a new p ... More for Capricorn
You are extremely persistent today as you evaluate how to make ... More for Capricorn
It's easy to be annoyed with someone whose scattered approach ... More for Capricorn
SOOOO cold outside ! This weather is not fibro-friendly ! needwarmth tropicalbeaches
These girls are the definition of FABULOUS ! This is one of the highlights of my year so far . If ...
EJ's PRECIOUS He said he wld behave on this one lol but , he licked my face right after the pic . , this kid !
I am DYING over those flats ! Uber chic !
I think you're uber cool , Carole ! :) RHONY
There was a man who complained about having no shoes till he saw a man with no feet beGrateful
Ava is SO adorable ! Her first Birthday kiss LOL ( should I be worried ? ) LOL
Where's Milania's spinoff , Milania will always give the viewers the truth ! RHONJ
Getting my hair did by the FABULOUS Scott Stuart at MetropolisHairFashions !
Me too ! YeeaaahhhBuddy ! looking forward to you on WWHL tonight ! Bring it !
Love me some Alexass ! JimBless
So sick ! LOVE ! And where is the Neiman Marcus outlet ? ? ATL ? Dior boot at the outlet ! ! !
Cannot WAIT for your Impulse for launch ! Dying over the tee w / the faux leather sleeves !
An eyebrow wax , for sure ! And I'd love a facial 2 ! What kind of appointments are we booking ladies ? spaweek 2012
So sorry about your loss . Pets are family members too ! My little poodle mix is like my child !
HOLLA ! I think you're hilarious !
I think I LOVE ' em ! I think I like these
At the OG with Sissie ... then Menchies ... then home for WelcomeToSweetiePies on Love Miss Robbie !
Text REDCROSS to 90999 & amp ; $ 10 will be added to ur cell bill to go towards disaster relief ! Such an easy way to help ! Sandy
Wow ... RT This burger was made entirely by a robot
Two good lookin ' men right there !
Love me some Gregg Leakes ! RHOA
You're welcome ! See y'all for brunch tomorrow ! ;)
Watching MyStrangeAddiction on TLC . Oh . my . GOD ! nowords
Hair bands and acid washed jeans ! the 80 ' s todaytake 3
Love it ! Getting almost the same color for my pedi !
I think Gaga is AMAZING ! Would kill to see her in concert !
NeNe is beautiful inside and out !
Marry , shag , kill with any Housewife / Housewife husband - go !
Yes . And 45 thinks he's perfectly normal , which is fucking terrifying .
Your approval rating is nothing to crow about , sweetie
thank you for sharing ! Woot pulled all variants
Promo Pack for I Know The Cat . neonmob neonmobpack neonmobfreepack
3 Promo Packs for Floating Islands in the Sky . neonmob neonmobpack neonmobfreepack
3 Promo Packs for Cernobil [mutant] Cats neonmob neonmobpack neonmobfreepack
Here is another for Contrast ! neonmob neonmobpack neonmobfreepack
Make some new monster friends w / a free pack of new series , FromAfar :
Free pack of Cloud Maidens :
Allentots Inktober 2016 is full of elaborate pen and ink drawings with a distinct comic book feel . Free pack !
So , what's ya looking at ?
' You are welcome in God's house . '
I will never care about anything as much as Giada De Laurentiis cares about correctly pronouncing the word "" ricotta ""
Nickel Creek Announces Reunion Tour , LP
36 hours and we can talk
I just strongly believe that you should be able to yourself
And after nine years of explaining how he met their mother , the kids were like "" ok , cool ""
. @macklemore please give my grandfather his clothes back
Motivating students is about humbling ourselves to make them the focus of the class rather than keeping the spotlight on
Then his mom shared a FB post about him being handsome and I fell in love . - tons of cute girls talking about me
14 Hilarious Fake iPhone Notifications That Need To Be Real
WHY ARE NONE OF THESE CANDIDATES TALKING ABOUT HOW GOOD LOOKING JOE BIDEN WAS ? ! ADDRESS THE REAL ISSUES ! GOPDebate htt
Please don't hide your awesome this week . The world needs you .
Don't understand why getting up and doing stuff is so popular .
Just now realizing that the only Muppet Baby to not make it to Muppet Adulthood was Skeeter . That's sad .
Florida is the Florida of America .
just come to nashville , I'll buy you chicken and we'll be best friends
What if all of us bought Dippin Dots and mailed them to Sean Spicer every day
TRUMP : "" Barack Obama trained a wolf to hide in the White House . No one can see it but me . "" JASON CHAFFETZ : "" Invisible wo
BREAKING : Tiger Woods says he will not compete with Donald Trump for most rounds of golf played in 2017 : "" I've got other
Celebrate summer with TCC & amp ; be the first to try our NEW Ice Cream Sandwiches ! We're giving away 5 free sampler packs !
It's ok security robot . It's a stressful job , we've all been there .
i must go , my planet needs me
Coal . Is . Not . Coming . Back . We honor coal communities by helping them transition to the future , not by lying to them .
Will you respond to my question even though I'm an hour late ?
Get a bandaid at the emergency room
Wow . Sarah Sanders going hard on
Pit stop at some random gas station
The moment is finally here ! DoctorWho series 8 premieres RIGHT NOW on
Ever get in those feeling unconfident / over thinking moods ? Bc ME RN
I get bored soo easily but on the flip side to that I also get excited over the smallest things .
Have you seen the new Dil video ? He gets his FIRST PET ! ! Susan 2
will they ever start talking to other people
I'm watching you in my Chem lecture DanAndPhilBRITs
I CANT EVEN HANDLE DAN AND PHIL
Dan hitting the feels with those underlying compliments and finishing strong with that quote
ya boy just ran his first half marathon
not a typo but u used the wrong word
"" Why are you feminists always complaining ? We treat boys and girls exactly the same . ""
the tp cover of Can't Help Falling in Love will forever be my favorite love song
trying to think of a funny tweet about the election but too busy panicking about nuclear warfare
I'm still obsessed with this and I can actually hear Dan's voice
So this year we bought a 20 ft Christmas tree and cut it in half so it goes through the roof
B R O K E
This is literally the worst thing i have ever watched , i kept thinking they couldn't possibly make it worse , but oH THEY DID
when sherlock called him "" Greg ""
get these two a dog ! ! !
* watching bob's burgers * "" I don't get it ""
There is no longer any distinction between Nicolas Cage's movies and Nicolas Cage's life .
half of lgbt movies are so boring like im so tired of melodramatic tragic coming out stories . give me a cheesy comedy like th
hs teacher : i can't always spoonfeed you with notes because it's NOT like that in college college professor : ill emai
140 : who dis 280 : from whence do you hail , kind sir ?
THIS IS WHAT YOU CALL AN INTRO , MASTERPIECE . They did that .
i couldn't read past ' gp '
ok is anyone else seeing green lines on their cropped photos or is it just me
can seattle's defense wake up
are they not doing birthday messages this year or what
hey happy birthday i hope you've been having a great day ! !
why do all of the refs hate us so much
is this the same house ?
We are grieving the loss of a special young man . RIPTrayWalker
when you're gonna be at work while the USWNT is playing
Dee Gordon batted right-handed for one pitch in tribute to Jose Fernandez . Then he hit a leadoff homer . Unbelievable . Un
when you're thinking about how tired you're going to be at work tomorrow and then you see the tarps getting rolled out
Congratulations for being nominated for the 2016 Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year Award ! WPMOY
Clemson shocks Alabama with a 35-31 victory in the National Championship !
BREAKING : Cleveland Browns reportedly showing ' strong interest ' with Lady Gaga after seeing her catch a pass during her half
he dropped his keys on the way there
Family Feud is forever the greatest game show ever . This lady only needed 18 points , then this happened .
my local news channel said there had been an explosion at ariana's concert and i've never picked up my phone faster
Praying is here I hope this song reaches people who are in the midst of struggles Read my full Lenny Letter :
that would be a video of flacco signing that contract
if youre gonna go to a football game and boo your own team why even show up you losers
the year is 2021 . donald trump has been assassinated , and ariana grande has taken her rightful place as the president of
"" He is so thick . "" Referring to his idol , Tim Tebow . OutofContext
Looks like triangle it is .
Did you just admit to stepping on your daughter's throat ? Channeling Patrick Roy ?
After this Giants win I'm reminded by Marco Scutaro saying , "" I want to thank my teammates . I COULD have done it without them . "" WorldSeries
Man card has to be suspended for at least three months .
USA Today confirms that Sprint car driver , Kevin Ward Jr . has died after being struck on the track by Tony Stewart .
During Spring Training , Joe Kelly predicted he was going to win the Cy Young this year . That worked out pretty well for him .
Final in Laconia : Raymond 4 , H-D 0 . nhiaa
Zero is a number , right ?
Former Milwaukee RHP Lew Burdette posed as LH pitcher for his 1959 baseball card . Hilarious
Girl , I've got a 9 millimeter in my pocket , and I'm not talking about a gun . BadPickupLines
/ / Bat ass .
Yes ! - She wiggles around . -
Except it won't happen since Michael B . Jordan jumped ship to Marvel Studios .
Wonder Woman is love . Wonder Woman is life .
"" you don't have to wear makeup to be pretty ! ""
Oh my god , babe . That was amazing . - She kisses her neck gently . -
Only 4 months old and hes already the GOAT
[NEW] Margot Robbie for SNL
I love Chinese food .
I'm going to pretend I know what a pyre is . Okay ?
THE WALKING DEAD Season 7 Will Follow The Closer Than Ever Before !
Worst photo op ever . Thanks
... their rationale was Black women speaking out against The Help would hurt Viola Davis and Octavia Spencer's chances f
/ / Her , Iris or Caitlin .
10:30 - Announce meeting w / NYT at 12:30 . 10:45 - Morning tantrum 11:00 - Lunch w / Satan 12:30 - Meeting / Tantrum 2:00 - Pre-T
- Heather squints at the woman . - I don't believe you ..
/ / I know . He's a fucking prick .
This is the saddest thing I've ever seen in my life
/ / This is me when I see him . He's so cute . Like 10/10 would date him .
for the last time , thank you obama .
They're trying to sabotage you Mr President . That picture is marked with the wrong date , you were inaugurated on the 20th .
Fuck tom Brady and the patriots . Fuck Trump . Gn .
Yes ! I kinda figured that out .
That makes me so mad . Because Andrea was such a badass in the comics and they turned her into a pussy in the show .
- She whips around to look at him . - Dammit dad !
Hi Click here to receive a free 18 - count sample and full-value coupon for o . b . PRO COMFORT tampons ! freesamp
So helpful to see how other parents deal with adoption TonightWeSleep Johnsons sponsored
yes I am taking the challenge
Which of your go-to drink recipes is just begging for some SPLENDA Zero Liquid Sweet ... splendasavvies sponsored
Im choosing sides at and I don't care ill try both SkittlesChooseYourSide SkittlesAtDG sponsored
Love meeting Johnsonville Members because its lets me see how great sausage is made . SausageFamily Sponsored
This DEFINITELY wasnt in the books but it all works out with love . LittleWonders Johnsons sponsored
Enough sleep + RoC products = better skin WomenWhoRoC sponsored
I took 10,000 steps and earned the Sneakers badge ! Fitbit
Buffy is not going away anytime soon kind of like twilight
The world would be a better place if folks could be nice keep up the good work some of us understand the concept of sucess
Hey give the american people alcohol and sports the government will continue taking over
I just ran 2190m to personally deliver the smackdown to 46 vampires in Monster Dash for iPhone !
I just entered a WinIt and won $ 0.02 from You can , too . ThankYouThursday
I just entered a WinIt and won $ 0.01 from You can , too . InternationalWomensDay
Maana tengo pingue examen que ladillaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Es rico dormir mientras los profesores hablan paja
borrar todos los tweets ajjajajajaja
de bolas si me comiste a mi .
que puta stalkeada le di a
que ladilla no poder dormir bye
pero la caga mucho ........
Cuando tenga una hija la llamar Suwebo para que cuando me pidan su mano me digan estoy enamorado de suwebo seor y as
aaaa me quiero pegar cinco tiros
Maana temprano ver a mi Charlosita as que a mimir
"" si pero con 30 condones y una boca de repuesto ""
odio la masa de maz ok
ABUSADORAAA ABUSADORAAA ABUSADORAAAAAAA BENDITA SEA LA HORA EN QUE TE ENCONTR
Por cierto ando molesta con Migu , que no me escriba
no se como dar el 2do paso
nadie por aqu o qu
Chupala que me las robas
sabias que pareces una mina , estas peor que yo
Chicos juanchi capto mi onda
Hoy cumplen aos 2 grandes . FelizCumpleRiverPlate . Feliz da de la patria VivaLaPatria ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Quiero que sepan que me encanta manipular
- EL DIA DEL AMIGO SON TODOS LOS DIAS NO SOLO UNA FECHA ESPECIFICA -
Mi doctora me cago a pedos
Como me encantaria jugar a pica pare con una pelota para calmarme
Aunque fue muy gracioso daba asco
te manda un audio y se escucha de fondo la vibracion de que le lleg otro mensaje
ESCORPIO : siempre te guardas bajo la manga una carta . Das todo pero tienes plan b .
bastaaa , es muy tentador
jajajajaja no le cocino mas . Que pibe ...
El escuchar shaky siempre me hacer acordarme a vos , extrao esos momentos bizarros
Re divino mandadome un audio tirandose pedos , solo le falta uno cagando y ya esta
Como no le hable era un bombonaso
Esto es una brujera ? ? ? ?
Rt o este ao repets
Que feo que las personas de ahora se fijen en el fisico y en el , y no en la personalidad que es lo mas lindo que puede
Te despertas pero estas de vacaciones
Mi vieja esta sin laburo y esta haciendo esta metanfetamina azul , cualquier consulta al md y sino ayudame a difundir con un rt
Looking forward to another late night Game of Thrones marathon !
Why is it that whenever I pick out ( what I think is ) a really cute outfit in the morning , by the end of the day I absolutely hate it ?
Leanne Betasamosake Simpson explores what it means to be an Indigenous woman in her latest book . cdnpse
Mrs shumway doesn't appreciate my horny goat shirt
Drew wins best profile picture
Dear children's show I'm watching while babysitting , little boys can wear pink if they want . Stop corrupting the minds of little kids by ...
They didn't even put the bandaid on the hole
I'm just happy to be done with my math final okay
I hope you win go lily woo
This whole movie is just so uncomfortable
Why does everyone on Ancient Aliens have weird hair ?
I've been working on this all day .
Why even have friends if they're not going to check your ass out to make sure you didn't sit in something ?
happy birthday kiddo you're the babest babe to ever babe
BECAUSE I KEPT IT A SECRET
Harry , Hermione , and Ron
I obviously take great notes .
responsibilities are the frisbee , I am the dog .
what's your cousin's name ?
Also if you like Starbucks , fill out this survey for a free $ 10 gift card ! It only takes about 5 minutes ! ! !
I'm so sorry for all of those tweets I just failed a history test please don't listen to me I'm unstable
A gentleman is someone who can play the accordion , but doesn't .
WHEN U STILL HAVENT FILLED OUT THE COUNSELOR RECOMMENDATION PACKET AND YIKES
Yea I mean I'm pretty cute sometimes
If you like basketball or baseball be sure to tune into the newest edition of Leader of the Pack right here !
The Perks Of Being A Wallflower
When your life is a mess but everything always works out in the end .
I wanna know what sick sadist invented bathroom stalls to open inwards so you have to awkwardly shimmy into the stall to close the door
With the current devastation in Houston , we are pledging $ 0.15 for every this gets ! Please forward this along to help
Heres a vine thread but instead of posting the actual vines theyre described using shutterstock pictures
1 vote in FL for
"" Right now the defense is the best defense not only in the SEC , they're the best defense in America . "" -
Me : ONLY DEEP MEANINGFUL LYRICS GET TO ME TRAVIS SCOTT : SHE LET ME GRAND SLAM OUTSIDE THE DENNY'S Me :
It's because they put George Takei in their commercials . Haven't bought from them since
It doesn't matter that Bernie essentially did that with Giffords . It's still wrong . Don't do it to Bernie just because he
Matthew Stafford . This guy right here is a great leader . It's like he's the king of the lions , man . You can just call him
Boys walking this hoe down the field . ACC is Clemson and a bunch of hoes tbqh
I wish applying to college was easier .
Haha nice we should all get together and play it sometime !
I missed an oboe solo because I was playing Trace on the flute's ipod touch . And he gave me a smile saying "" I know you missed it . And I ...
I'm going on my first ever field trip in high school !
What an awesome concert tonight
Bath time ! Landis Green
You can only become distracted while practicing when you hear a pianist down the hall start playing "" Rondo Alla Turka "" . musicmajorprobs
Only and I would exchange creeper looks while I'm giving an A in rehearsal . roomielove musicmajorprobs fb
Drama over a parking spot ? aintnobodygottimefordat
Wouldn't you love to have to read you a bedtime story ? Granted !
Getting cut in front of at the financial office ... @FSUPRBLMS notcool
If you judge people , you have no time to love them .
I just finished day 40 of the Plan Reformation Reading Plan . Check it out here :
Its like my professor said : positives come and go , but negatives accumulate . He may have done good , but
"" @HuffingtonPost : It turns out your brain might be wired to enjoy art , so you have no excuses duuude
why do moths think that it's cool to fly directly at my face ? ? ? it's not cool , moths . soooo not cool .
i have exactly zero motivation to finish packing rn
white chocolate hot chocolate is the bee's knees .
fun story : my car's engine is smoking .
single bells single bells single all the way
might turn my psych minor into a major by taking a few more impressive classes haha . gradschool
Retweet this for a chance to win one of your favorites : The Forest Speckled Beanie ! We release in 4 hours ! RT LYM
when life gives you an awkward bonfire , go for a stroll and make your own fire further down the beach .
can i visit you and go on a tour of all your fave restaurants pls
' water for elephants ' is giving me all sorts of feels
okay but i've only ever watched grey's anatomy on netflix so now i have no idea how to wait A WHOLE WEEK for the next episode ? ? ?
i wish , i wish , with all my heart , that i can get through these next few weeks without falling apart
madison and i are so awkward WE JUST WANT FRIENDS
lt just look at how rad they are
In many states , it is legal to fire someone for being gay or to deny someone housing for being transgender . That must ch
monday : tuesday : wednesday : thursday : friday : saturday : sunday :
PSA : humans don't need shark fins , sharks need shark fins .
pretty sure our neighbors park badly on purpose
today was alright , i guess .
they make mornings much better
My point : We need clean energy to lower the amount of carbon that we put into the atmosphere before it's too late . We need CLEAN energy .
psssst YOU DON'T LIVE HERE go awayyyyy
Hey guys ... it's May .
I often dream of a world where mansplaining doesn't exist
Have a glass of wine
I was born in a way to go to the hospital and I showed it was a problem even though it wasn't changing anything ( wh
commented : Gotta get Maurer out from behind the plate . He is too tall for catcher and his knees will eventuall ...
Steve Schmidt : The House Republican brand is toxic WeKnow
U . S . sues Wells Fargo ; shares down 1.8 % - MarketWatch via Bankers are the real thieves and assholes ! ! !
Paul Ryan Hates Obamacare , But Loves Obamacare's Taxes via
America's problem : We're too dumb
Death becomes her : Sicilian photojournalist Letizia Battaglia has spent her career covering the ...
Sign the petition : Tell Congress to fight & amp ; support mandatory GMO labeling
Listen to Prince's new protest song ' Baltimore ' via
The GOP has become the party of infantile rage
Sharing my love of Cottonelle with all of my Tweeps . via
Retweeted DCCC ( @dccc ): if you agree : Trump is JUST WRONG ! A persons race SHOULD NEVER disqualify them from ...
A great video showing Trump as he truly is : A SERIAL LIAR ! ! ! ! !
CNN host cringes as guest talks Trump , cocaine
Score big this Sunday with gameday tips & amp ; recipes from promotion PerdueCrew - ...
Trump climate move risks unraveling Paris commitments
Need a break from your ordinary skewers ? Try these Asian inspired skewers ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
Tenants March to Stop Giveaways to Wall Street Landlords -
Think grilling a whole is hard ? Think again ! Spatchcocked is the way to go Promotion PerdueCrew ...
Come play this Pro Football Contest with me !
Clyde just reached level 22 on Gambino Slots !
Excite guests with Orange Cranberry Popovers & amp ; be on everyones nice list ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
If you dont know , we're located behind on Barton Springs Rd . On Jessie St . ! Now ya know ! Come get chocolate . sxswtrailer
If you've never tried one of our Choco-lixers for breakfast , what are you waiting for ? $ 2 off the Chococcino before 9 a . m .
you should try our "" avocado sauce "" with cacao ! Two great Aztec foods .
Shilajit-Chaga elixir ( at [pic]
Cacao is good for the heart ! ChocoSutra
Got the deets on a foodtrailer for rent . It's ready to go , contact for more info .
I'm glad I know sign language , it's pretty handy !
Chocolate madness at I love it ! !
Just dropped the first delivery of chocolates to west lake , to be distributed to the other locations soon ! !
nice photo . I was happy how those turned out !
... think I'd rather just diffuse cocoa butter in the air
There is beauty up here . So much , its hard to believe sometimes .
Nurses are uniting again with the grassroots mvmnt 4 NursePatientRatiosNow NursesTakeDC 2017 .
where do U stand on HR1602 ? SafeRN :P atient Ratio Law = lives saved NursesTakeDC Wal
Daycare centers have ratios , why don't nurses ? NursesTakeDC NursePatientRationsNOW
How many nurses does it take to change a mortality statistic ? Let's find out . NursesTakeDC PatientsFirst SMYSOfficial W
NursesTakeDC with SMYSOfficial 5.5 . 2017 . I bet these faces will be there ! NursePatientRatiosNow
will you join us May 4/5 , 2017 when NursesTakeDC for NursePatientRatiosNow ? Visit
please . NursesTakeDC on 5/4- 5/5 2017 to help unbreakhealthcare registration
NursesTakeDC because each extra patient is a liability to your license . NursePatientRatiosNow
Now is the time for our next president to rally people against Wall Street and corporate greed and stand up for the decl
this isn't about NNU / SMYS this is about safe staffing for healthcare for everyone ! ! NursesACTUALLYUnite
Landmark study finds link between nurse staffing levels and patient outcomes : This is why NursesTakeDC Safestaffingnow Join
ThursdayThought why didn't I take the blue pill ? #nursestakedc
By starting my MSN at Walden with the help of my tuition discount thru ! Thanks !
Why I Choose To Take A Stand For Safe Staffing and The Nursing Profession NursesTakeDC
SB55 NursesTakeDC NurseWarriors nurse come together to demand ratios from employers .
This is why NursesTakeDC ; for our patients . SafeStaffingSaveLives NursesUnite
NursesTakeDC grassroots movement for safestaffing ratios in D . C . 5.5 . 17 ! Pls support a nurse
This is why NursesTakeDC NursesUnite 4 SafeStaffing ! The life you save could be your own !
have you heard about the grassroots movement NursesTakeDCOne from you would be a big help !
NursesTakeDC for SafeStaffing ratios , a public health crisis . What if it was your loved one ? Will yo
staffing should be the same , everyday ! nursestakedc
Nurses concerned with patientsafety will rally May 5 in D . C . ! Kindly cover , support NursesTakeDC
3/3 CallToAction NursesTakeDC May 5 , 2017 for safestaffing ratios ! SMYSOfficial nursesunite
Nurses concerned with patientsafety will rally May 5 in D . C . ! Kindly cover , support NursesTakeDC
NursesTakeDC 5.5 . 17 1100 for safestaffing ratios ! Will you be there ? NursesUnite
TuesdayTrivia patient mortality when nurse staffing Its not rocket science . Join us as NursesTakeDC on
Nurses rally at Statehouse 5.12 . 17 2-4 p to support SB55 Pls cover ! NursesTakeOhio NursesUnite
Nurses sustain nonlethal assaults than any other industry , including LEOs . Be there 8.11 . 17 silentnomore mondaymotiv
by giving me 100k psn
To celebrate our Cup victory ... this message & amp ; follow to be in with a chance to win one of my City shirts ! Go ! ! ! ! ! !
Leading the league with some style . LCFC ( via )
SS3 better drop on the 26th !
I need fucking answers now !
Karim Benzema nets phenomenal scissor kick in Real Madrid's ElClasico win over Barcelona .
was going on and on with it and in the end was saying that the people that did that were a bunch of lowlifes .
They release cards every 5 minutes , like who has all that money to buy coins ; or time to do TapJoy ?
I could pipe u up .. But not that way .. GN ! !
dele alli , Eriksen , lloris ?
Sky Sports commentators when Pogba touches the ball
when are you dropping the album ?
Raheem Sterling has completed 15 take-ons in the opposition's box this season , more than any other player in Europe's to
Culture is fucking fire ! ! !
Cristiano Ronaldo is better than both of them .
Rashford is shit and overrated .
it's going to be trash
your dad got told it's 18 and over only , so he went and returned with 17 friends
WEMBLEY WEMBLEY ! We're the famous Man City & amp ; we're going to Wembley ! WEMBLEY WEMBLEY ! We're the famous Man City & amp ; we're go
Hopefully he leaves this summer , tired of his fragile self ffssss
Schoola : Save on kids clothes & amp ; 40 % funds school programs . $ 20 free if you use my link . Awesome , right ? !
I was selected to try Free & amp ; Clear detergent made for sensitive skin - free - in generationgood !
Sooo excited I got picked for the folgers party pack for free on
Maya Rudolph tells it like it is in the best way ever . Worth watching ! generationgood comeclean
Why am I sharing this ? Anyone can try out trending products with 0.8 L ! Brown Lab Peeling Pads and Peeling Swab Kit
All Natural Cellulite Cream by InstaNatural GotItFree
You cant go wrong with nachos during the Big Game , will prove that . promotion PerdueCrew -
The trending product that I will be trying out in 72 hours is Bioderma Sbium Pore Refiner
The trending product that I will be trying out in 72 hours is DA MIOR Bamboo leaf natural soap
Smart snacking means sargento ad SargentoCrowd
The trending product that I will be trying out in 72 hours is
Following Knicks Loss ESPN Headline Reads "" Chink in the Armor "" yes I laughed at first but my serious face was on 3 min later !
I always root for the bad guy and underdog
Movie date with my favorite lady ! My mom so dope ! !
Night rider on steroids ! ! ! ! ! ! !
uh-huh honey no you don't , you better get up and outta there uh-huh
And TheDonald looked out upon his flock and said , "" Blessed are the rich , and the white , for they shall inherit the earth .
Julia Child just produced a lobster bigger than most dogs I know .
My little sister ( @sregdornnylamme ) is crying because she can't afford the KylieJenner Lip Kit you've created a monster
2016 took so many childhood legends : Alan Rickman , Muhammad Ali , John Glenn , Elie Wiesel , Harper Lee , Gene Wilder , and Carrie
[ House Hunters episode ] HUSBAND : I'm a freelance hamster trainer WIFE : And I tune harmonicas part-time HUSBAND : Our budg
Attention future people that are thinking of running for POTUS : make sure you study AT LEAST 7th grade civics
Newly Leaked Emails Just Revealed Trump Family Implicated In $ 350 Million Fraud Investigation NoTrumpRallies
Im calling it a day . Because thats what days are called .
When you find out someone has never seen Bo Burnham you just have to sit down and watch both specials for the 50th times
. my son is u for Halloween . He also wants to know whats past the edge of our universe ( & amp ; nothing doesnt
Excellent questions from the wall of my daughters classroom .
lol love gettin mistaken for a 14 year old boy
why does this relate to my life so much
i'm dead i think he's decided to shun her for life i can't kids are so funny help
i just checked my pg & amp ; e bill and it's only $ 7 i love living alone : ' - )
3 ) wrote a barely legible to-do list , 4 ) started to sort my laundry , and 5 ) knit a few rows of my sweater , somehow
i'm only like halfway in and already idek what is happening anymore
he says : ur not like other girls he means : gender norms are so engrained in me that u drinking beer while having a vagin
. @lisadriani_ College life part 5
a woman had me double bag her tampons because the bag was see thru and her husband would be embarrassed .. sweetie throw th
"" Please ! Don't kill my child ! "" - Liam Neeson movie / a call we have to make to Congress every 6 weeks
So proud to reveal the cast of MBMBaMs upcoming series . Heres your first look at The McElroy Brothers :
. @TheOnion isn't fucking around
hey , whats up ! im sad and lonely how are you ?
I'll never stop saying it : If you oppose abortion , you should support politicians who expand contraception access . Peri
The 5 stages of watching StrangerThings S2 ( minor spoiler sort of kind of ) - - - - - - - - - 1 . Bob ? 2 . Bob . 3 . Bob ? ! 4 . BO
Yet another metric showing that structural environmental racism is one of the biggest threats of our time
oh its the "" do i like girls "" childhood starter pack
i remember dear Winston yes
LOL Why everyone act like Britain didn't invent racism ?
Also fyi we dont EVER have to hear from Roy Moore ever again so please dont put that racist old nutsack on your tv show
its illegal to be LGBT in 70 + countries and punishable by death in 10 + of them , so please , shut the fuck up
A real man doesn't make excuses .
where tf all those numbers come from ?
All Cedar Rapids photographer boys are hot as fuck , you're all welcome to enter my DM's if you so well please
I'm cynical , sarcastic , annoying and above all else , ugly . Wtf man .
When you find out that song you usually skip actually fye lol
Yes pls come get me the horror
tag em all buddy , no one gives a shit about baseless threats
Remember me ? Where's the Secret Service you promised ?
I'm going to be the best parent , friend , and role model I can be for my future family
Always rt the laughing fox
There is no longer any distinction between Nicolas Cage's movies and Nicolas Cage's life .
Just a quick reminder that there are countess reasons to criticize Tomi Lahren--a racist moron--without resorting to sexism .
kinda annoying when you're excited to talk to someone & amp ; you don't feel the same energy back
Having a bf would make scream acres , scary movies , fuzzy socks , & amp ; cold weather , so cute , but bestfriends make it so f
This little seal was being chased by hungry orcas , so he climbed onto this boat for help !
This seems like something the people of Twitter would enjoy
I love giving Bubby and my eels snacks bc I start rooting for a particular shrimp or fry and it's like the Hunger Games
i dont even leave my bed now . imagine
how teen celebs dressed when i was growing up vs how they dress now
FILL A GIANT CLAM WITH GARBAGE FROM THE WOODS YOU ARE THE GARBAGE GOD NOW
88 . hes doing great too
When they leave you on read and you start overthinking about if you did anything wrong
Its time to bring my favorite holiday meme back
Wait a minute ... Carl was already bit in the beginning of the episode , thats why he was writing letters and offered to
recently joined a Women in Beekeeping FB group and it was the best decision Ive made all year
yooo so i needa girl i can take on cute dates , go on adventures with , grow and prosper with . anyone down ?
hand the damn ball off ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
never let one offended person divert your message . Keep on point and you can climb to the top .
I never said he did . I merely stated that I wouldn't wish injustice on your father . That's supposed to be a good thing .
ECF Game 7 . ELECTRIC
she's a B ! tc # that old Liz
3 . Cabinda 2 . Barkley 1 . Best atmosphere in college football
wow committee . Great job picking the top four ! ! ! Not
stop making like it's the end of the world .
or are they that smart to arrange this so Gorsuch has easier confirmation ? No way ...
don't take my comments personally . I comment on the media in general . I never said you lie and assume you don't .
if he did we'd be listening to Hillary tonight and destined for 4 more years of bad policy .
what's wrong with 1995 ? I was still in my 20 ' s then ... wow ... depressing
Francisco ... that's fun to say .
someone smwn / pronoun an unknown or unspecified person ; some person .
There isn't another NHL franchise that has to have this argument right now . Pens fans should consider themselves lucky .
That one got away over what ? ... a million dollars ?
I'll be checking in to see if you have the same passion next time a left
is no victim . She is a despicable human being .
Ooo h ... one final dagger in at the end of the year .
You can debate whether it's the right thing to do but clearly within his rights to impose the travel ban .
Mine don't make sense but I didn't block anybody ...
He should have never left . Though the call of Cali would be hard to resist .
Reading through Twitter it's clear to me that and it's analysts bear some blame for the divide . OwnIt
You must be young . Seems like you never stop .
Change the policy . All players in the locker room for the NA . Take the politics out of the NFL . Ruins the game .
Woooooo ! ! ! WeAre
Several times the Steelers had a Titan bottled up in the backfield and couldnt make the tackle .
Why not hire more women ?
Winning strategy by OBJ . Play the victim . Bring up homophobia . Create outrage . The American Way .
RoC Chest , Neck and Face Cream is essential for having youthful looking skin ! WomenWhoRoC sponsored
How would you recommend RoC Chest , Neck and Skin cream to a friend or family member ? WomenWhoRoC sponsored
Which Olia shade are you most excited to try out this spring ? MyOliaStory GarnierCrowd sponsored
Which variety of Garnier Whole Blends are you taking with you this Memorial ... WholeBlends GarnierCrowd sponsored
In addition to using Tide purclean , what eco-friendly switches will you be making this ... purclean TideThat ad
How are Hawaiian Tropic products infusing your 4th of July with some Aloha Therapy ? sponsored HawaiianTropicCrowd
Whats your favorite summer recipe using Silk Unsweetened ? SilkCrowd sponsored
When I top snacks with Sahale I feel healthier ! SahaleSnackers sponsored
Which pair of shoes in your closet is your favorite ? AmopeCrowd sponsored
Thanks Folgers coffee for keeping me going each day-a great way to begin my morning ! FolgersFans sponsored
Tell us how youre planning to test out the Swedish Fish Theory . SwedishFishTheory sponsored
I completed a cash offer and was rewarded with $ 0.25 !
Can always count on Tide to help remove stains ! ad TideThat
Share how Curl HYDRATHERAPY WET SKIN MOISTURIZER will be adding comfort to your summ ... CurelSkincare sponsored
I love the AccuWeather app because it keeps up to date on the weather ! AccuWeatherCrowd sponsored
Share a successful recipe you created using SPLENDA Sweetener products . splendasavvies sponsored
Loretta . Une artiste dcouvrir . TheWonderThatYouAre
Loretta + - + The + Wonder + That + You + Are sur Stay Tuned TV via
Listedesbleus , slectionn par Didier Deschamps dans la liste des 23 pour la Coupe du Monde au Brsil ! ! TeamOL
Interview Vitaa Travailler avec Matre Gims a t un dclic
Wow ! I just won this for free , 30 Box Tops for Education ( BTFE ) listia
We are monitoring the conditions and forecasts and will make a call about school operations by 5 am Thursday .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Facts .
I'm earning mPOINTS in mPoints Slots .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Cool Weather .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Flip Da Coin .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Where Da Bunny .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Name Da State .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Blast Da Zombie .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Roll Da Dice .
I'm earning mPOINTS in mPLACES .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Da Daily Insult .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Light Da Fuse iOS .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Tap Da Cookie .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Facts .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Name Da State .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Honk Da Horn .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Punchcard .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Name Da State .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Punchcard .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Light Da Fuse iOS .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Da Daily Insult .
TO WIN : MARY LOU MANIZER & amp ; CINDY LOU MANIZER ( must be following me so I can dm winner )
Almost time to "" break "" a leg ... Come join our Bulldog Thespians & amp ; crew .
Reason 10 FillTheSteins is excited for Stealing 2nd will get you two minutes in the penalty box !
RainOrStein "" @Cbeck34 : Light rain beginning to fall here in Boston gomaine beatBU frozenfenway "" mother of God .
We could've asked for a faster , drier 1st period , but we couldn't have asked for a better one . Bears up 4-0 after 1 . RainOrStein SucksToBU
Be sure to check out FrozenFenway "" Hangover "" series for those warm & amp ; fuzzy ( mostly fuzzy ) memories .
Don't ever miss another connection with our MissedConnections series ! ! ! FillTheSteins
It's a final from Notre Dame ! gets their 1st road win of the year ; 2-1 over FillTheSteins gomaine
Episode 2 of FTSPodcast is live tonight at 7pm ! We'll be talking w / & amp ; recapping weekend sports .
ThrowbackThursday UMaine Bears Den 1962 , the Den today ! Some things change , some things stay the same ...
Super-interesting Q & amp ; A LIVE NOW at FillTheSteins ! We chat with Museum of Art Director George Kinghorn :
They say you never forget your 800th . Who's going to be ours ? Just one follower away on Twitter . and FillTheSteins !
Looking forward to interviewing on the Podcast live at 7pm tonight . Tune in here :
Pat O'Brien's is a must ... no trip to NOLA is complete without one ( or four ! ) of their Hurricanes . Have fun ! ! !
Thanks for the kind words guys !
Tune in to on today at 4:15 . Our will have the latest on
Our is proud to announce the Sandra E . Hardy Theatre Scholarship Fund . FULL DETAILS : FillTheSteins
. @MaineBaseball ended their reg . season by taking 2 of 3 from UMBC . Read about it ! mesports
Get ready , FillTheSteins Nation ... the FTS Summer Session kicks off tomorrow ! ! ! Details here :
FillTheSteins remembers the legendary PizzaDome in our latest post : UMaine
Lomberg had 11 G and 7 A for Maine this past season . third-highest goals on the team ; 8 came in Hockey East games .
Special thanks to in the Old Port for helping out with our CheapBeerChallenge on Friday Night .
Ahead of Saturday's season opener , FillTheSteins previews the season : mesports
. @matteegees not a poet , and doesnt he know it ... But he doesnt care ! An Ode to Back to School for
I'm broadcasting live on the air ! Listen in now at BlogTalkRadio
Protect this house like Garth Snow and Mike Dunham Maine 93
No . 9 Reason to be excited for Homecoming ? doesn't think those Albany Danes are so Great .
191 miles to go FillTheSteins Homecoming
Great show with tonight on the FillTheSteins Podcast . Listen for FREE anytime : gomaine
You might think you know about Black Bears because you went to but here's our homework assignment this week :
University of Maine women's basketball game-winning 3 - pointer with 1.7 seconds left SCtop 10 SCTopTen
That's the first period , are there other male sports with periods ? Anyway , 1-0 No hardware . FillTheSteins
FillTheSteins fills the steins at & amp ; w /
His name sounds like a place to eat fried chicken donuts Chris Christie fried chicken NJ Radiactive
yeah ! I like Home grown better , but I know some great marines who were not 1 marine I know Med of Honor born Mexico
Thank You law enforcement for a great job Protecting & amp ; serving at the events protecting free speech from lawlessness Riot
I remember Benghazi Hillary do you I saw the video One day you'll understand Your a despicable Human being a sham a life of lies
8 yrs lies & amp ; deception , polarization of an exempt egotistic racist President who divides Micro management no accountability & amp ; Lawless agenda
The Obamanites & amp ; Many Democrats will say anything , do anything to keep their cleptocracy and the Elite culture of professional Politicians
this stylized thing actually looks way better because they probably won't have ham-fisted attempts at ~ feelings ~
yukiko really doesn't wanna let her up . brutal
but I mean , I expected and WANTED a cheesy goofy game so good
seeing that rumble ult to farm shoutout to that guy from like a year ago who screamed at James for using Ez ult to clear farm
Oh please don't ruin Unravel now
That one PS video had it right I don't want to ever stop pretending I'm a dragon XboxE 3 E32016
when u going to announce a new game but u blocked everyone on the crowd
I'll be adding more designs all this week , so keep checking back ! Pokemon
for real Mouse was getting super cyberbullied rest in pieces lcs Worlds
RNG looking like / / / / / / / / Worlds
yoosung's story is just a little too close to home lmao
oops I stayed up too late playing TERA it's happening again
Happy ending , please please watch it I think you'd like it a lot
back when I played Brave Frontier I would keep every unit that I summoned that could reach 6 * 7 * or Omni level
why can't they just have the same outfit . fan service equality ! ! ! ! ! !
[ Akihiko voice ] I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS
. @WNFIV DashCon : I can't believe I fucked up this bad . No one will ever outdo this . Ever . I'm the worst of all time . Fyre
i want persona 5 dancing game so bad and the only way i can sate my hunger is playing P4D instead
I was gonna watch someone I follow streaming P5 bcuz I'm desperate but then they were mean to Goro ; unfollowed blocked reported deported
WOOOOOOOW THEY SAID BUTT HOLE OMGGGGGG
SMT V : League of Legends edition
watching this at 5am is giving me the most intense , physical nostalgia I've ever felt in my life
I like the translation Big / little Puppy and Big / little Kitty better than Big / little Dog and Big / little Cat ... Puppy and Kitty is more funny
"" kurger-burger "" I'M GONNA KERMIT ? ?
THEY'VE ONLY GONE AND DONE IT
hey uhhhh forget about the dads can I just run away with Robert's daughter please
why does the sky whale in re : zero have people teeth though
in the story he and Ryuji both think he's useless and has no designated place in the group after Futaba takes over as analyst
there aren't enough girls in Hunter x Hunter , particularly not strong ones . I need all the Biskey I can get TwT
Totally teared up during ' s swearing-in .
FACT : Women pay up to 50 % more than men for the same health coveragediscrimination that Obamacare bans starting in 201 ...
Rosh Hashanah baby panda ! ! !
Abortion . We're doing this . prochoice
Spot on . The Hill Life : "" Is my boyfriend really SO busy campaigning that he can't call ? ""
Washingtonian subscription ? Check !
Cabbie is listening to Cher ! ificouldturnbacktime
"" I've been with her 14 years and she only made me dinner 45 times . "" overheardatthebeach deweybeach
4 stops should not take 1 hour .
Why he got my vote twice : "" WOMEN DESERVE EQUAL PAY FOR EQUAL WORK "" - SOTU
Not gonna lie , love that Jayson Werth's walk up music is the theme to Game of Thrones . Natitude
It's October . There really shouldn't be hot cars anymore . wmata metro
Good question , The handle comes with the house . Know anyone interested in
"" This has gone on too long , and it's time that the entire country stood up against the NRA . "" - Hillary on gun violence
. @ShakespeareinDC season tickets RENEWED ! So excited for another season of great shows !
Mr . Trump , it's President Obama , not just Obama . Show some respect for the job , if not the man . debatenight debate
LLS Statement on Senate HealthcareBill : Senate Health Bill Puts Cancer Care Out of Reach for Many
everyone around me are skinny and beautiful hate how im the fat one why did i have to look like this ?
just take a look through all of the people I'm following ! A lot of them are thinspo and quite a few are really sweet !
Lost 10 pounds in January , 10 in February , so I'm going for 15 in March
thinspo thighgap legspo skinny hipbones ribs bonespo concavestomach
Isner is still fighting but he's beginning to look tired , better break Mahut soon . His serve is amazing but he's struggling to get around
happy new year man . Hodor would make a great name for a band ;)
Sorry BoiseSt but Alabama Gymnastics run this house . RollTide . Just think what these 8 freshmen will be doing in 4 years !
not to . interrupt your ramblings but the miners were in Chile , no Mexicans involved there . They just wrote about it .
sorry 2 new videos not trailers ... 1 Trailer ( big enough to be two ) and 1 Artisans video
Bacon and homemade waffles for brunch , off to kayak around the lake . Pretty good Saturday so far needtomowlawn notgonnadoit procrastinate
First or second ? This must be how the rebel alliance felt when they blew up the death star
Im glad Ros has already found gainful employment . GameofThrones WinorDie
Waiting to get off the cruise ship is one of the longest experiences of your life . Hurry up and clear us ICE !
you also know not to release an ip address while logged into a system remotely .
hope he makes it that long .
At what point does Baylor resort to standing in the rain outside Kyle Field holding a boombox playing Peter Gabriel songs ?
At Bama Womens BBall game . Featured guest , nearly 4k screaming 5th graders .
where is that happening ?
Hello I - 10 , its not you its me I prefer I - 75 .
I need to determine where , in this swamp of unbalanced formulas squateth the toad of truth .
Alabama wins the meet 197.5 to 197.1 , giving the Crimson Tide its 108th consecutive win over the Tigers .
Got to see my first women's basketball fight live tonight , so mark that one off my bucket list .
* Turns phone off . *
If they keep playing like this Ole Miss will have a national championship to vacate .
i do sleep . Every night . lol
Fan of almosthuman ? Join me & amp ; 790 other fans now on tvtag
Just got today's sleepyhollow sticker . Get yours in the next 3h : 50m . tvtag SleepyHollow
Ready for more storms ? Adams County emergency crews are :
Who do you know that needs a Call In Well day and why ? swissherbs sponsored
Absolutely love it ! My hair has never been so soft . WholeBlends GarnierCrowd sponsored
I love Robitussin because it lets me feel great again ! FeelBetterFans sponsored
At Im getting a movie ticket by buying gum . SkittlesChooseYourSide SkittlesAtDG sponsored
Id say I found that my perfect when ? eBayTeam sponsored
These appetizers will make those final games a slam dunk ! PerdueCrew Promotion -
I'll . see ya soon
Music . videos . for . the . low . 920.471.3417 .
Ok ok ok I'm up . Damn
hope its not food poisoning . That's suck . It'd the worst feeling . Ever . :-(
are u a new adult film start ? Or just new to Twitter ? followXXX .
Feels like the longest trip . Through Chicago to appleton . Can't wait to get there to I can blaze up .
June 30th . Brau haus . July 27th Luna and more to be listed .
best b day u can have . Have a b day with me . LOL . My b days are crazy I have like 4 major club events . Last b day w / "" slim thug ""
Yes . Took a pic of myself . I do me . Idk . Lol . Love it . Love it . Learn it . jasonallor .
Best wings in the world . ( @ Legend Larry's ) [pic] :
Finally some real food . Yumm yumm . Never thought I would appeciate real food this much . ( @ Monty's Blue Plate Diner )
you should get out to SEXCON Chicago . In April . Largest porn industry expo in Midwest nightclub . Over 12k ppl .
Dec . 15.2012 END OF DAYS "" MKE "" Dec . 21.2012 . Day 1mke Dec . 22.2012 Hosted by ...
Listening 2 / goodmusic . Stay tune in Friday morning w / on spincycle 931jams
"" @CraigMills1 : newfollower I see you ! ""
All.org anic food shopping . healthyliving . ( @ Willy Street Co-op West )
this festival I'm throwing together will be one of the top in the midwest . Investors needed . msg me if your interested EDMfestival
SEXCONCHICAGO April 24 2013 . Cant wait . Largest porn expo midwest . 12,000 ppl / 300 Vendors . Excalibur & amp ; Visions nightclub PORNSTARS_R_US
I'm at Fox River Trail I - 90 Bridge ( Elgin , IL )
logo . Designed by myself globolgraphix subtrain remix
Aiden fooling around . siesta key beach .
Worldwide movement . If ur not in . U need to be . Contact me fot details . ysbh bankNbed teamnodayzoff
Going hard . ( at
Love his smile ! ! !
Gregg and I in Peurto Vallarta , Mx one of the nights . Not sure what one . ! ! Im sporting the
ok . Sounds good . Just as long as im in town or state that weekend . ! !
Hey , join me on ts , a social network that shares the revenues with us . Check it out :
Check out what we made . 5:30 am
waiting in Maxwell ! ! ! !
Now I need a donut
Richie whispers "" nice nice "" when he pets the kitten
New season of Moonshiners starts tomorrow
Technology absolutely ruins trust for me
On a lighter note , at least tomorrows friday
Working on Mondays is a joke
I love how cute Richie is when he wears his jammies
I hate working Sundays NotSundayFunday
ahh thank you ! so nervous going from bleach blonde to such a bright red by myself hahah
Wow So eurodoge Much countris Very educate
My rooms always freezing brrr
All I want today is an uninterrupted nap and shower
Lol you're a nobody bye
If you have a pretty girlfriend and like other girls pics consider yourself a douche bag in my book
Just wanna cuddle , nap & amp ; watch movies all day
never got her coffee so I'm drinking it imissyou comehang
they need to all just be gone like byeeee you're all peasants
By 930 this morning I've already gotten 2 nudes from
Only thing on my mind is food rn
I dont understand why people still bitch about others having babies . Please continue blacking out drunk on weekdays & amp ; working at McDonalds
Find somewhere else to hangout / live if everyone in the house gets invited to shit except me and dave
Doctor : do you smoke ? Me : why , you trynna match ? justin
you the real mvp so lucky to have yoooou
seeing a twitter argument on ur tl
The ConfederateFlag comes down in SouthCarolina beastieboys
90 ' s til noon are THE BEST .
This is about to be a miserable day makeupworksucks
"" @OMGwhatateen : That awkward moment when someone doesn't understand your amazing sense of humor . OMGwhatateen ""
The only thing filling my head right now is Chemistry .. and I still don't think it's enough notready
I did ... they had no answer . Apparently no one ever answered them when they asked
So happy I got to spend the day with my mom ! motherdaughterbonding bestfriend
I don't think that somebody's life is something to joke about
"" I'm like a praying mantis . They mate then kill . "" -
What a great turnout for Limelight ! Thank to everyone for the support throughout the week !
Register for ! It's only 20 dollars to run / walk / dance to support Batson Children's Hospital until Feb . 1st ! ...
Less than 20 days until I'm headed to one of my favorite places . twinlakes round 2
Me listening to Christmas music
Exactly 3 years ago today ! ( via
Hillary , . She's a phony and a fraud . AND A BIG LIAR she and Obama are the ones that armed ISIS TO BEGIN WITH ! WAKE UP
that's what he gets !
Come SUBSCRIBE to our YouTube channel iheartdisney 352 here
Netflix WaltBeforeMickey Great movie ! If you have Netflix and like the history of Walt Disney , the man , then this is a must see .
So excited about all the Disney products ! Shop anytime 24/7 at my eStore ! AvonRep
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Da Daily Compliment Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Helium Rush .
The hardest part is deciding which color for the day . My hubby stole my favorite , purple today .
Disney gives the KINDEST warning "" tickets "" ;) fortwilderness
Disney style birthday makes me smile
If you like robotics shows that make you think , you should check out Robot Stories , Uncanny , and The Machine .
For every RETWEET this tweet gets , I will donate 5 cents to Alzheimer's Research Ends 12am 1/18 ! RT
I wish there was a more public discussion on AI ethics rather than a limited conversation amongst engineers , allowing public fear to thrive .
I would suggest using the extra funds to produce more comics , maybe starting an issue two ?
Any skill in demand , low or high , is a skill deserving of decent pay . Else it wouldn't be a job in demand .
Got that too . Not arguing , just saying my own perspective - which I have a right to do . Voting IS a major way 2 use your voice .
Who wants to win a gift card ? this for chance to WIN a $ 15 giftcard and tag a friend ! We will reply to the winner ! h
How do you tackle tough summer stains ? Join the discussion in GenerationGood forum !
Are you a veteran looking for the right starting point ? Learn more :
I have a big family to feed , challenging but I love it ohiobeef
Just entered to win * my very own CandyLabToys with You can enter too giveaway - - >
Revamp school lunches with bento boxes that make kids hungry ! KahikiEntry -
I just entered to WIN a Lilybed Mattress ! DREAMSBLOOM
GIVEAWAY : & amp ; follow us for a chance to win a Jasmine Prize Pack : aromatherapy diffuser htt
Buy Lender's Bagels , Del Monte Fruit Fusions , or Milk and make a difference . Visit betterbreakfastsweepstakes
Tweet this message to be gotten a new design VR glasses . Ad
Join DeckYourHalls Sweepstakes & amp ; win special holiday packages from & amp ;
Free Dominos pizza is going up for grabs soon ! You want in ? ScoreDominosPizza
Fridays are for freebies ! RT for a chance to win some new surprise scents ! giveaway sweepstakes freebie FreebieFri
Stay tuned for the release of The Saint Nicholas Letters at Ad
You may win a LED Bluetooth Speaker if you tweet this message below to continue Ad
I just entered to win Bluetooth earbuds and you can too ! soundtracktoyourlife Ad
10 % discount for Intelligence toy . Enter the discont code [ H3ZIBKH7 ] when you payment . Ad
We are hosting an Amazon Giveaway on Massbricks 86 pieces , life-sized bricks at great price ! Ad
Look what I got recently ! An Sztrokia Portable charger ! Now I can charge my phone on-the-go AND charge it faster Ad
Hope you will be the luck one ! Ad
Drill Bit Tip Organizer ! Ad
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Wood Phone Dock Stand , Beeiee Wood Cell Phone Doc ... "" by Beeiee . giveaway
i can't wait until my three-day weekends begin ... smile > ... WHEN does hockey start ? ? ?
I'm home ! And I can see the stars again ... : o )
Almost ready for work ! Happy Friday ! :o)
What did she say ? ? ?
I'll believe it when he starts knitting . And I like VictoriousSecret ! Very cute .
Good Luck , DSP ! ! ! I'm so excited that you made it ... Wish I were there !
I sure hope they do , my friend . Won't that be back to back ?
finally got some quiet time in my house . going to use it to get some more writing done .
today was a good day . thank you to all who helped make it so .
starting new diet today .
Check out to find our E books .
Finished the baking for tomorrows Laconia outdoor marketplace . so excited to see everyone again . Downtown Laconia 3 to 7
The Doug Pederson era , as the new head coach of the has officially begun . There is a press conference scheduled for tomorrow at 2pm .
I would love to see the Flyers move Reed and Mason for some draft picks or some young prospects . At the same time free up some cap space .
Congrats to the Phillies skipper for getting a 2 yr extension .
Could former Phillies pitcher J . A . Happ win a Cy Young in the AL ? He has 17 wins . Most in MLB .
If your the Eagles , would you be interested in Terrelle Pryor this off-season ? At 6-4 225 and runs a 4.4 why not ?
Phillies go for 6 straight and a mini sweep against the Marlins today in a day game before heading west to play the Dodgers . GoPhils
Matthews didn't participate in OTA's due to a injury . Maybe it was a protest for no contract extension . Eagles
Peters out with torn MCL and ACL . #Hicks out with what appears to be a Achilles . If I'm Howie , I'm making calls for
What's the playoff schedule for next weekend ? NFL sitting on times / matchups ?
If they back off their 2nd round pick demands , I'd send a 3rd for him ...
A huge meeting by the defense at Tom Brady's drop back point ... they'd kill him ...
Good write up ... I agree on all of them ...
That was Peyton's longest run since the original Star Wars was in theaters
After that awesome display of non-football last night , I can't wait for the Super Bowl to watch REAL football again ...
Real Super Bowl commercials :
I'm thinking JPP is getting 6/7 mil in salary , 1/2 mil in bonus , 1/2 mil in incentives ... have to wait and see on details ...
Safeties Coach 2.0 ... lol ...
Sammy Baugh use to throw the ball like this in practice all the time ...
Great job today , Rashad ... way to run the ball !
Rock Bottom and People's Elbow ... :)
Think we'll see Hart in as the 6th OL on short yardage ?
DRC ... Take a seat , dude ...
Jerry worked his ass off last off season , and it showed . We should keep him . Flowers to makes sense ; keep Hart for depth
Ah , the beauty of social media ; you get to find out who the real assholes are pretty fast ... this guy removed all doubts ...
especially in this game ... lol
Plaxico 2.0 , dear ... he's going to go OFF this year in our offense ...
That's hurtful ... * cry *
He should be into wind turbines at his press conferences ...
Which NFL team is that ? Cardinals ? Oh , wait ... that OTHER sport ...
That's a great read ...
Their run defense is pretty bad ...
Bengals all white uniform ? Bleh ... disgusting ...
Reese won't address the OL ; doing so shows he's wrong McAdoo won't address play calling ; doing so shows he's wrong Fuck their pride
Way to rebound from Week 2 ... keep working hard , Ereck ... you're getting there !
Those Ray Handley years were pretty rough ... Reeves didn't really help much when he was here either ...
Fans could do a better job at this point ...
Bleh ... he helped kick my ass two weeks ago ... lol
Hoy presente el JLPT nivel 2 . No sali excepcionalmente bien pero espero haber pasado . Los resultados los dan en septiembre ...
Acaba de ocurrir un terremoto de escala 6.0 en Awaji . Estoy bien .
Que terrible este comportamiento , dan vergenza GNB !
937 MILLONES DE DOLARES SE ROBO ESTE GOBIERNO solo con supuestas compras en panama MEGA MASIVO
collectivenouns an array of programmers
What being an adult feels like .
If you ever force push with git , you should really use - - force-with-lease to avoid accidental clobbering . If you use magit ,
After the Snowden leaks , the main assurance we were given was that this capability would never be used against us . htt
NASA-Too much inequality and too few natural resources could leave the West vulnerable to a Roman Empire-style fall .
Catching up on some much needed sleep . =]
It's been 20 years since RUGRATS and DOUG first aired . I was almost 4 . Man am I getting old .
Wooooooo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! IT'S TIME ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I so LOVE that you're a Potter nerd !
so much for not wasting time on blogger ... BloggerHatesMe
Watch Tv On The Internet Satellite Channels . The new way to Enjoy Internet Tv On Your PC . Full DVD Quality ...
Should Women Stop Serving in the Military ?
Chris Christie micro-manages the Starbucks Barista making his coffee .
I'll forgive them if it's Tilda Swinton .
my boys have struggled to embrace this and other films from Disney Renaissance . it breaks my heart .
let's film a silly reenactment of it at Thanksgiving . Or parody ...
Love the pink camo leos ! ! livetweetmovienight stickit
OlsenWPMOYChallenge OlsenWPMOYChallenge OlsenWPMOYChallenge OlsenWPMOYChallenge OlsenWPMOYChallenge OlsenWPMOYChallenge
Amazing street Art Shoreditch London streetart Shoreditch talent picture art
the question remains ........ who dun it ?
BREAKING : confirms 4th officer has now died .
Beautiful alley . Italy .
This is the young man shot by police a few weeks ago in Chicago , I'd share the ones they don't want you to see .
Thousands of US security personnel deploy to protect RepublicanConvention
Just hours before the ( attempted ? ) coup , Erdogan gave immunity to Turkey military officers .
Official : Coup SOLDIERS WARNED will BE SHOT DOWN IF THEY ATTEMPT TO USE MORE MILITARY AIRCRAFT CoupinTurkey
Loudspeakers of three mosques near my house simultaneously calling on locals to take to the streets and occupy main thorough
Reports of renewed US coalition airstrikes on Manbij
nah all of us wont die right now ....
got it yes I did see that training exercise but not on twitter thanks again
Simply astonishing . Erdogans fan boys with some MHP supporters attacking schools belonging to Gulenist
Turkish authorities issue arrest warrant for 47 more journalists . The number of jailed / wanted journalists rises to 189 .
secular muslims can get away with that mindset ... which is yeah ... liberalism ... lol
18 U . S . Code 2381 ... no dumping involved ... lol
an old Daesh pal is back pls re-suspend
Isis Accounts > > Op
Politicians Admit Migrants To Cost Germany More Than 30 Billion Euros A Year
I can't say this enough .. We must Unite . Stay Humble & amp ; Kind ... Night & amp ; Sail Safe GhostOfNoNation
Air Force Bases Will No Longer Accept Some IDs : Air Force bases will no longer allow visitors t ...
When you tryna explain to Jesus why yo Ex deserve to be in hell instead of you .
iM TRYNA GET A NEW PHONE .
WHEN BANG 3 DROP ?
yeah dawg i used to bump dis all da time
Black Protesters Aren't ThugsThey're Patriots ABLC via
Photo : pilotnextdoor : goodness gracious yo ..
DO YALL REALLY HAVE YALL EX'S DAT MUCH
I was gonna say dikes too
why do strippers have fake names ? you are showing me your asshole for a dollar why would I care that your real name is Sal
I'm tired of clich relationship on my tl
Who keeps making these shitty games that yall be spamming
14 new tweeps followed me in the last week . I find relevant people to follow with the CopyFollowers feature of
Children should not be allowed to have vine accounts
YES THE GOVERNMENT CONspires TO PUT A LOT OF INNOCENT BLACK MEN iN Jail ON FALLACIO ... ( Vine by
How many followers do you get everyday ? I got 14 in the last week . Growing daily with
I will always hate math yo .
Ignorance ......... ( Vine by
Most accurate thing you'll see all day
Really interested to see what Eagles do at RB . Still haven't cut Mathews but have also expressed interest in Charles . Or
Strange that ppl still say the Civil War "" wasn't about slavery "" when the declarations of Cofederate secession say "" this
"" Nah that's okay Khalid , we don't need you in the delivery room "" "" But Jay after the 1st twin comes out , who's gonna yell
Social Justice : Cry-Cis ( Music Redacted ) - YouTube -
Better put some respeck on Mario name
This is how Africans in Libya are treated ... before they are sold off as $ 400 a piece slaves . We were not there 400 years ag
Does anyone know who ICP is ? Just curious .
me ! So excited to see wu boo ;)
So i look down at my shirt and realize i dont know how to eat . :/
where's ur show tonight with BG5 ?
Now that I'm blonde I gotta give duck lips in every photo
come outside by ur buses . Please ! We we want to meet you :) x7
dm me ur email so I can forward you the message
follow me love ? ! FollowFriday
Please watch and WindowsDown video they made ! ! :) ...
who am I ? swag
So my grandma just called me fat and said I was pleasantly plump ..... hmmm ? :/
VH1Divas Red carpet today ! Proceeds go to Save the Music Foundation . Soo stoked ! See y'all there
Morning everybody ! ! Tomorrow is the last day of my week in follows . Retweet and I will follow as many as I can through ...
ahahaha i feel you .
Mmmm hmmm ! cute dog
comericapark detroit tigers baseball detroittigers Comerica Park
yeah he says he's taking Collin but we all know that's not gonna happen LOL
OMG I NEED TO BE THERE ! JesseOn 955
I've been sitting with my sociology midterm in front of me for the past 2 hours & amp ; haven't touched it cause I've been distracted by my phone
The look she gives me when I tell her she's in my spot ...
and follow to win tix to sound check and front row tix . has the exclusive sound check with Demi ! B
I'm coming to California ! ! ! ! !
Detroit . See you in a bit .
Big Sean freaking came out and sang with Ariana dead
can you too ? !
Tell us your healthy New Years Resolution in 2016 ! splendasavvies sponsored
This FeelBetterFormula reminds me of my mom taking care of me in my childhood . FeelBetterFans sponsored
What do you think of SPLENDA Brands new packaging ? splendasavvies sponsored
These reverse spinach dip sausage balls are awesomesauce . SausageFamily Sponsored
I always feel prepared with o . b . because it's always in my purse OBelievers sponsoredob
I would wear these outfits to girl's night out GlamCrowd sponsored
I like to browse the internet and send thank you notes . ExtraordinaryHair LorealCrowd spon 4loreal
Whats a fun summer craft you can make using Skittles America Mix ? SkittlesAmericaMix SkittlesAtDG sponsored
Tell us which summertime adventure eBay can help you take on ! eBayTeam sponsored
Tell us what your note would say if you gifted a bag of Sahale Snacks nut blend ( s ) or ... SahaleSnackers sponsored
Tell us a tip for how you like to use AVEENO POSITIVELY RADIANT WIPES . AveenoAdvocates sponsored
Dig the nude heels for life sponsored DSWcrowd MyDSW
Kudos on the great idea ! ! sponsored DSWcrowd MyDSW
Advil Menstrual Pain can help relieve my pain fastadvilfanatics sponsored
Why do you love using TIDE PODS ? TideThat ad
Whats stopping you from making ? MrsMeyersCrowd sponsored
Cant wait until bbq comes frenchscrowd sponsored
Loving this post because it's cute MARCJACOBSBEAUTY
Join the SPLENDA Brand Twitter Party and have fun splendasavvies sponsored
completely normal . although im sure its not meningitis . I assume I have MS every time my chin feels numb . I don't .
I go meatless on MorningstarMondays by chowing down on 3 bean chili ( still miss the broccoli cheddar nuggets though ! )
Are you guys ( TSG and TSGal ) married ? ;) TTPTP [ sla 819 ]
I'd impress Batman with my couponing ability . Even superheroes need to budget ! TTPTP [ sla 819 ]
You can snag the Lowe's e-Gift Card - $ 100 for 1000 SB off the regular price ! [ sla 819 ] BraggableBargain
You can snag the Steak ' n Shake e-Gift Card - $ 5 for 120 SB off the regular price ! [ sla 819 ] BraggableBargain
Lake Pepin ; Fred Waller ; 1972
You can snag the Banana Republic e-Gift Card - $ 10 for 200SB off the regular price ! BraggableBargain [ sla 819 ]
You can snag the Starbucks e-Gift Card - $ 10 for 180 SB off the regular price ! BraggableBargain [ sla 819 ]
Arrrrr ! It's a swagbucks swag code treasure hunt ! [ sla 819 ]
Plus , they may want to wait . nor'easter just killed power to some of LI people in o'side who had got power back lost it again
I don't know you but my thoughts are with you and your family today . No one should have to ever experience such a horrible thing .
This just made my day .
this is a big improvement . We are at the same altitude as the cat . Bonus !
I just found a Swag Code worth 4 Swag Bucks .
Hard week for me too ... Today we remember to live life to the fullest , say ' I love you ' often , and appreciate what we have .
I am glad you guys are , because with a name like that I'm kinda worried I'd be in my bivouac alone ;) SwagWord [ sla 819 ]
In Oakland we are hearing that its from the fairfield fire . could be a combination though
I just found a Swag Code worth 3 Swag Bucks .
I just found a Swag Code worth 3 Swag Bucks .
I just found a Swag Code worth 2 Swag Bucks .
Enjoyed learning these little-known facts about the Coke 5 - note melody CokeMelody
Really ? Acne scars ? Your face looks fine here .
you're coming home for christmas right ?
psh . Youre right ! And you guys are married !
Past time for a visit !
himymothersday jamies first mothers day ! Cassie Jo loves you so much .
Let's play Hanging With Friends . My username is ' Grayson Knight ' .
I'm at Six Flags St . Louis ( 4900 Six Flags Rd , Eureka ) w / 3 others
his role in oh god you devil was an important part of my childhood
Juggalo heaven = emo hell ( and vice versa )
I'm hitting maximum 2.0 , see you there
Almost done . I'm sure these killers must have faces . FacelessKillers
I just unlocked the "" Jobs "" badge on
Just noticed that oct 2013 you guys should be covering days of future past ( if you skip reprints ) DOFP takes place in oct 2013
is it a slang or fill dialect . I am interested in learning
I just set up a savings plan with Powerwallet , a new , free financial planning tool . Check it out . - sp
Show the world Sundays are dead ! Retweet and get ready for tonight's Season 4 Premiere ! TheWalkingDead
I woke up with this in my head . Now it's in yours . Popsox - Mobile Phone
He injured himself on set of Star Wars VII--and is taking it in stride .
BREAKING : Fox Sets "" Deadpool "" Movie For 2016 , Shifts "" Fantastic Four ""
I've not seen a Troy do bogie film . That should speak volumes
Dear Fox News , don't play our music on your evil fucking channel ever again . Thank you .
FBCD maximumcomics free comic book day
one person followed me / / automatically checked by
me so happy to see you in Vegas !
The most popular shows in every state somehow make total sense
would be a great George . He's already done the per
ToBeOrNotToVe is a great film only surpassed by the remake
I am a dick .
It's like when my dog stands still in the middle of a room and he thinks he is invisible
mylovelifein 5words i don't need 5 words
are you fucking kidding me
I can't wait for you to see what I got you for Christmas .
I take things too seriously .
Irisa is so badass . defiance
Is anyone else astonished by these stars tonight ? beautiful
Is it bad that my favorite job so far was working at a food court ?
Ugh . Why is there such a thing called work ?
I could take a nap right now .
can be frustrating at times . test
"" You break it , you buy it . "" Hell no . I break it , slowly leave it there & awkwardly walk away . ; o
Tomorrow will be better then the next
First I met you , then I wanted you now I'm scared of losing you .
free facial and makeup done ! ! ! Mary Kay ! ! ! the makeup feels so light . I bearly ever wear make up but this fe
For my mother's birthday , I been giving her little gifts until her birthday . I brought her Starbucks randomly . DREAMRECEIPT SHOWKINDNESS
Happiness in a bowl .
A man who treats his woman like a princess is proof that he has been raised in the arms of a queen .
Getting mad love from a drunk guy ! ! I need love and the only love I will get . . lol love
There's so many pictures I wanna post
same + i don't wanna go by myself
Others girls with half pony's VS . me with a half pony
Steph fouls out with 30 points .
lost this hat shortly after this selfie was taken
when your term paper is due at 12:00 & amp ; it's already 11:50
I know easier said than done but eat some candy and look at pictures of puppies
feeling so low these past few days ....
I REALLY WANT TO CUT MY HAIR BUT I DONT WANT MY OMBR TO BE GONE
catching up with this goon is always a good thing @ChrisKitch1
i put a smile on my face even when i am sad to show people how strong i am
just curious ... pick which one comes to mind first ... Jennifer
Museum date ? ? ? ? Coffee shop date ? ? ? ? Art gallery date ? ? ? ? Walk in the park date ? ? ? ? Late night walk date ? ? ? ? Nap time date ? ? ?
Rain drop Drop top Cincinnati zoo made harambe's heart stop
Mega flop by LBJ lol . Probably a tech on Dray just because . LetsGoWarriorsLive
If you think Russell Westbrook is better than Steph Curry , you are a believer in Alternative Facts
. @StephenCurry30 with a beauty ! NBAonABC
me : i wanna die death : hey i heard u wanted to die ... me :
where ever this is where i am meant to be
RETWEET FOR A FOLLOW / DM
suicide hotline 1-800-273-8255 1 person ends their life every 40 seconds will u take the time to retweet this & amp ; possibly
The water in Hawaii was the best liquid I have submerged myself in thus far in life
3WordsThatWomenHate "" just suck it ""
Obama at least has our best interest in mind just keeps getting blocked by haters who stop him just because they can .
the song i thought of that should play at the Pride Parade :) I'm old skooling today pandora
| | NIGHT RIOTS | | - Contagious ( Official Music Video ) via
I like turkey I LIKE jerky I drove a cart To avoid a dog fARt - Drunken Dr . SUESS
You're ahead of me on that .
Torture is what Would appreciate
Better than it to be sinking
Can't wait to see you in the fishnet stockings
Yes it is , chillaxin is good for the soul
Happy Birthday , stay blessed
I made beef roast and potatoes
RuinAGoodTimeIn 4Words It smells down here
Laaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrryyyyyyyyyyyy ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Yeah , I need more episodes !
Today is NationalCheeseburgerDay , I think I'll celebrate by having one with a cold brew ,
ConfessToSomethingStupid I gave myself a concussion by closing the hatch of a car on my head
StupidQuestionsForBartenders Do you accept tips ?
Moobs are sexy . right ?
Anyone who RTs this Tweet is eligible to win my pink hat . I will pick a random winner at 9
or is that a party in my
LetsJustSayI I don't always agree with the voices in my head .
I need more nut in my Cracker Jacks , I mean nuts
It will make all for a better birthday , and that's my story and I am sticking to it .
FF He once milked a cow only using his feet .
LazyIn 5Words Let snot drip from nose
I never assault you with MCM tweets . Let alone 280 lists ! So this one must be very sexy ?
So happy to be home ....
Stomach virus Stomach problems And cramps Wow I'm just so lucky
Have you entered the ACUVUE 1DAY Contest yet ! ? ! Someone will win a mentorship w / me ! NoPurNec 1321only
Brasilia you were on FIRE tonight ... I love you ! ! ! ! ! NEONLIGHTSTOURSA now time for some
oh it's definitely not you ! I love you ! I need to see you like soon or I'll die
Does anyone else remember these ? ? ? 2004
DEMIWORLDTOUR pre sale has officially begun ! ! ! ! Use code : LOVATICS "" ! ! !
We are very serious when it comes to getting ready
I have the best fans ... I love you guys
thank you for that .. I have friends who are gay , and I consider them like family . If people hurt them , they h
I left my headphones in my band locker Hate . Life .
I'm SOOOO proud of Seems like yesterday I watched their reactions to being formed to a girl group . I love you
Aaaaand this includes my cover of Give Me Love ! ! ! Download it here :
Srsly , when does sleep ? ? She was just named the face of a new brand !
Hershey .. You really were INCREDIBLE a .. I love you and I always will ! ! ! ! ! demiworldtour
I hate it when you accidentally favorite tweets or like pictures you actually REALLY don't like awkwarrrrddd
Last radio show ... & amp ;
ddlovato The Real Me Is ... POWERFUL SeeTheRealMe
I love you all ... 3
3/4 of the sotres kids
But if somebody tells me I'll go back to my old ways I'm gonna say no way
My Ticket Home The Masquerade
I had to run and jump up there while I had a 10 second timer on my phone it's been awhile
5 PM at freedomchurch Glad I could make it Freedom Church
I am you . Happy Mother's Day ! I love you
"" I wish , I wish , with all my heart , to fly with dragons in a land apart . ""
"" Every bed without you in it , is broken "" - i wrote this for you
Just devoured my naked chicken burrito with queso . Legit ItHappened
Not gonna lie ... I am super excited about Breaking Amish : Los Angeles ! Addicted
Finding out that has a Pandora station made my night ! Ballin
It's BreakingPointe eve ! ! Are u ready for EP 4 ? Will stay forTheLoveofBallet or choose Love over Ballet ?
Rawr ! ! breakingpointe zachsphotoshoot
It seems that every time I need something done it is never as important as when other people do . JustSayin
You know your from a small area when two people you would never think of in a million years know each other ... WellTheresThat
"" @ShtFatGirlsSay : Don't cry because it's over , smile because you ate it . "" Lol
Central kids aren't even on the JV squad . It's like special Olympics vs the All-Stars broncos western gameover
Having a thicker skin is for the best : No one has time to hold your hand and give you a cookie ... #SeriousTweet
Me : is captain Morgan single ? Bf : doesn't matter , you're not . Me : oh yeah ... Oh yeah .
um is it just a coincidence that they put two Latin American singers together ... grammys AllThoseAccents
Its cute that you think your dicks need all that room to frolic , but they dont . Get it together ! Cosmo WordsOfWisdom
I get it girl . Sending hugs from Michigan
I'm so pissed at myself for being exhausted right now . I feel old
I wear leggings , yogas and sweats so much that jeans aren't even comfortable to me anymore .
When someone says , "" I forgot to eat , "" I think you must be a special kind of stupid . I plan my entire day around eating .
I wish i was rich ! ! ! I would go to all the productions at Playhouse square ! TheatreProblems
SixteenCandles 80sLove LongDuckDong One of my favorite movies !
Always run like a hot guy is in front of you and a creepy guy is behind you .
It's hard when you gotta study but you also wanna shop and tan but you're really tired so you wanna nap but oh , wait you for
Bunny snuggles at 3 am are my favorite zazu snugglebug
Never underestimate the beauty of finding those rare people you can feel vulnerable and safe with ~ no matter how fucked u
jironword soulfulpenguin this speaks to my heart !
"" I have the perfect amount of fat ridges on my fingers to be able to hold these . "" I say as I grab my chopsticks . pho
towercitylookout cle Cleveland ilovemycity myheart Tower City
Dont you worry your pretty little mind . People throw rocks at things that shine
See how American Express is supporting the makers , creators , and mold-breakers of today . PassionProject
I'm earning mPOINTS in Nexercise
. @dpshow full 7 minute breakdown of the ' controversy ' :
IKR I DONT LIKE HIM
If your out there .. I work 4 to close tonight .. Feel free to come by im five guys fry cook extraordinaire . I still owe you an apology .
Yeah walked through the rain and got it done ... Fuck you
Sticks and stones may break my bones Words will also hurt me Compliments make me uncomfortable I have social anxiety I'm a wr
"" It's impossible to awaken someone who is pretending to be asleep . "" ( Navajo saying , according to John Perry Barlow ) q
listening to people and seeking understanding of their needs seems to help meet my needs as well
"" People remember a story whereas they don't remember documents or theories "" / via LeanUX 14
Awesome people will do awesome work if you provide an environment where awesomeness is allowed to happen
Now I understand NoEstimates as a call to enquiry / exploration . Seeking new / better ways to work . Now I
Other people perceive a reality I find completely wrong and cant even begin to fathom ? Dude thats just Twitter every day
For as long as we continue to seek better leadership we excuse ourselves from the harder but infinitely more rewardin
Estimates fail to predict performance when you're in the non-linear portion of the lead-time / utilization curve . AgilleRoots
"" How do I become a journeyman ? Accumulation of internally meaningful badges . Requires some wandering to explore . ""
If I retweeted these words every day , it still wouldnt be enough .
"" 404 says ' i can't help you ' . a blank wiki page says ' can you help me ? ' "" with
Feedback from a non-IT retro today : Wow . That wasn't a meeting . That was fun .
Just finished a fantastic week pair coaching with Learned so much !
When connection ignites between todays goal and lifes potential , the effect is transformative . Coactive
If you happen to be sitting , just sit . If you are smoking a pipe , just smoke it . If you are thinking out a problem , jus
Shunry Suzuki : "" Everything changes . There is nothing . . . Zen Buddhism quotes
I knew exactly why that white guy and his friends was scared of that white woman : Because she spoke up . That's the power y
Words I DO want to hear from Democrats : I know I must I will He can't They can't We won't We'll fight
When you use a technology term to describe a customer value you've lost the customer . And you've made 1000 assumptions wi
SystemsThinking begins for leaders when they appreciate how dividing an elephant does not produce two small elephants .
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them . ~ Ernest Hemingway
Another fab night crashing the afrerparty at aatc . So many great folks and friends , new and old , here . A mini homecoming .
"" You manage things ; you lead people . "" Rear Admiral Grace Murray Hopper leadership
A flower falls , even though we love it ; and a weed grows , even though we do not love it . Dogen Zenji
Its estimated most human beings only use 10 percent of their smart phones capacity .
What separates feels so much stronger than what joins us . I feel despair . agile 2017 audacious noestimates sadness
The older I get , the more every problem in tech seems to be a matter of getting humans to work together effectively , and not tec
Pull tasks you can complete . pkflow personalkanban kanban
Sure , is expensive , but does everything claimed & amp ; well ! We have 1 : the product video was filmed in our backyard !
"" Most of the women who reviewed my job post said they wouldnt apply at my company . "" Read what did .
Working to make work smaller doesn't have to only happen before work is started . It's not a bad idea to give yourself a t
That awkward moment when your boyfriend tries to kill you ,
Does anyone ever see things in their dreams and then later in life see the exact same thing and freak out for a couple ...
Even when I'm crying , and life is shit can always cheer me up ,
What a group of rowdy friends I have ! justkidding superbored
Well this puts a damper on our relationship , moviequote
My favorite version of Pokemon is crystal meth .
your kinda slow ... hurrythefuckup bitch (:
You have no idea how much you hurt me ...
No matter how many times I watch Transformers . I still get excited about Bumblebee saving the day ! :D
I think I saw a rick flair appearance at on the border this past Sunday livinglegend
Any chance you can get this garbage fire writer to describe one of the worst articles of the year ?
The only thing the NFL will accomplish with this response will be making it a regional sport instead of a national sport
Love isnt about being sexually attracted . that's lust . it's about actually caring about someone ..
I like my women , how I like my coffee , cold and bitter .
Why would you bring your gf into classs to ask her to prom then chicken out and tell her to leave rude
me after running for 30 seconds : i'm still alive but i'm barely breathing
Uggh I hate everything bitter
Last night's TeenWolf premiere was the most watched episode in series history with 2.5 million viewers !
its completely okay :) alot of people just use it out of routine :) no harm :) now Death threats notokay
The true mark of maturity is when somebody hurts you and you try to understand their situation instead of trying to hurt t
The scenes in the burned Down house where the last scenes we ever shot .. ending the last night ever .. In heaven .
me : * breathes * straight girl : haha you're so FABULOUS ! And FIERCE ! And Sassy ! Pretty Little Liars ? ! ? ! Yasssss paws up !
Who's Alison's new mystery man on PrettyLittleLiars ? ( Sorry Emison fans ! ) Scoop from
Possibly the worst time ever to get flu . doctordoctor
Malala Yousafzai : I am those 66 million girls deprived of education . InternationalWomensDay
Haha it's going to be a fun one :) FilthyPreppyTeen $
Nothing is easy - wouldn't that be boring ? Grow freely , prune later . Why ask a tulip to be a rose ? A tulip is nice . htt
Cali , largest delegation protest against TPP & amp ; fracking while Tim Kaines speaks
I can't wait to be there ! Being from LA this means I've made it lol lve me some grove
mean girls or flash dance ?
Happy 21st Lara ! Today in 1996 , the world was first graced with Lara Croft in her explosive Tomb Raider debut .
I nominate for a Shorty Award in television because kevin is awesome and candace is sexy !
Shark Week drinking game more life-threatening than sharks .
try Given me a bunch more new music
Issue 41-5202257292 Tecate Town Chance to win Top Gun Vid Spot . Nan topics also apply . Ghostprotocal ending shortly .
50x SSTG talk for first time on vacation to baja and old west just were theee best want .
Any regrets to report . I think Tom Curz should not have been adopted . Maybe it is just me and there seems to be time stil to make up for it .
How is the phone store business bro ! Looking for new partneres anytime soon , soon ! ! What ever happend to the goood old days
Roll babe Roll .. Vivlel Perriei
Marrige is never a bad idea just a bad time needing to get better most of the time . If you are able to make it agood time .
Hey brother hows the world just checking in with you on a few prods . When you coming over to Midgets house again HA HA .
Real life issues such as family . Does Tom cruise have a brother .
What is a sympathy vote . A vote is a vote it just seems like she did not get any .
nowplaying KOST 103.5 Los Angeles using
I just decided to vote for Madonna for president . Your the best babe .
What lies behind us & amp ; what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us . - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Be sure that if you've reached your limit you've exhausted all your resources .
Yes , when I was growing up I had one . But the winters in PA were too harsh to keep it good for too many years .
Never let the abundance of God's gifts cause you to forget the giver PCO PinkSunday
Don't try to work God into your schedule . Seek to work God's plans , according to His schedule . PinkSunday
Ask God for the deepest desires of your heart . Trust Him to bless you and make your dreams come true . PrayerHour
AMEN to that ! Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one who's read Romans 13 ! ! ! Appointed by God , MUST / REQUIRES respect
Be humble for you are made of earth . Be noble for you are made of stars .
Afternoon tea with the queen ? Oops ... daydreaming again . Time to focus and work ! PinkFantasy
ahhh ... before I was diagnosed with Celiac , you just described me . Enjoy your gluten and have a bite for me ;-)
so sad to hear . I'm a big fan of Indian people and culture , but boys have big shoes to fill if they live traditionally ...
Light always pierces the darkness but darkness can never fully overwhelm the light . GodIsGrand
no worries . BF come & amp ; go , but NationalHusbandDay is worth celebrating . Stay single til u meet the one !
It must look AMAZING and oh so ADORABLE
Thanks for the FF S / O ! PinkHugs
LOL - LOVE IT ! Great holiday movie that never gets old ! PinkHugs Im in a store , and Im singing . IM IN A STORE , AND IM SINGING
"" But the fruit of the Spirit is love , joy , peace , patience , kindness , goodness , faithfulness , gentleness and self-c ...
I love people who make me smile .
Embrace your past . God has a purpose for it .
Peace is not the absence of affliction , but the presence of God .
Be beautiful today ~ for the Lord is Good and protects us from all forms of evil .
Wow ... hang in there DuckFamily Stating a biblical Truth is NOT the same as judging .
Hey PINK fans ... On May 25 we'll be selling our vintage line at the Topanga Vintage Market . Look for the PINK tent
Cure your humpday blues by shopping our editor's favs . PinkPickMeUp HumpdayShopping PINKwithPurpose nonprofit
For tbt , shop our vintage store for beautiful items . nonprofit PINKWithPurpose
We all have setbacks in our yesterdays . But your past doesn't define your future . Today is a new day .
"" I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . ""
If you are led to give a love offering , keep us in mind . 100 % tax deductible goes to women in crisis .
Checked our etsy store lately ? vintage shoppershour nonprofit
War = increased childmarriage . Just ask Elizabeth .
One of the bogus moments in NFL history ... what incompetence ! One ref signaling touchback ( interception ) another sign ...
Jennings miss Aaron yet ? ? ? Fantastic ! !
should of left Joan Jett on longer and kicked off ! !
Time to relax . - Drinking a Summer Shandy by Chadder Box Bar and Grill photo
Jay Cutler trying to catch up to Aaron Rodgers ? Packers Bears CHIvsGB
I totally expected Seahawks were going to give us a game D played well . In the end it's like we gift wrapped it
and earning $ $ $ for hackers instead of taking care of hard working Americans . Their internet network security SUCKS !
If you stare at the sun long enough , that dress could be any color you want it to be .
I'm nervous and pumped ! ! !
Spankin ' Hank and the Hank Spankers
kick n'ass and taking names
Then please trade him to the
because we can debate , there is too many to choose from . That's why it's the best sport ever ... #GPG
Packers , Crosby agree to four-year extension
4th and one , field goal , 4th and two , field goal , 4th and 5 go for it with that ridiculous formation and get snuffed .
"" I'm not betting against Aaron Rodgers . He's so hot right now . I'm going with Green Bay to win . "" if you agree with Gre
It's good seeing and walking through a tunnel together again . GoPackGo
We need Hayes to start pitching in
Aaron . Don't get me wrong I loved both but I'd rather see my QB at a Badgers or Bucks game instead
I hope All these young cats that are willing to die for the game of football find a higher purpose in life .
They hate us , cause they aint us . gpg
Deportivo Tchira vs Monagas SC . Se jugar el mircoles 01 de febrero a las 7:30 PM y ser transmitido por DIRECTV spo ...
Maduro anuncia que habr un sistema de tortura psicolgica inhumana complementario a CADIVI
bundesliga ? Desde cuando se juega en Franci ?
Finally trying to figure this thing out ...
just thought maybe you had to go to a special website to get it for free , that's all . :)
Make America work again ! ! ! !
FIRST pitch the see - GONE . Chris Taylor puts LA up 1-0 in the first ! WorldSeries
The many different sides of me ;-)
On my way to rehearsal
Supporting my girl Nena Porter at her videoshoot for her new single "" CandyCrush "" ... WEKILLINIT 2014
JD on the drums ALISTMUZICSTUDIOS LITTLEDRUMMERBOY
Pics from the wedding ...
There's a Thin Line between LOVE and HATE . Men , make sure you treat your lady right . There is always someone ...
In the studio as usual ALISTMUZIC WEWORKIN Alistmuzic Studios
I posted a new video to Facebook
yes please facetime me there thx
Time & amp ; grammar aren't real MakeMEThinkIn 5Words
hey friends add me on gamecenter rlysteph & amp ; we can play the KendallAndKylieGame together
Honestly what was my life before I followed ? Disappointing , that's what .
next time u say some shit like that just remember that i high key have feelings bro
SCREAMS OH GOD WAIT I WASN'T PREPARED FOR THIS
It looks like you did it
I use "" tbh "" too much tbh
do u ever look at old photos of urself and get a little salty at ur family for never telling to how bad of an idea glitt
I need to become rich so I can hire a personal driver so my anxiety ridden ass can actually get around the world & amp ; take care of business
Ecuador had a 7.8 earthquake a few weeks ago . The media isn't covering it well , so people aren't
Also joking about an illness you don't have is weird and boring and no one likes you .
The truth does not change based on our ability to stomach it . - - Flannery O'Connor . thnx to
FYI you're kinda cool or whatever
It's a pet peeve when definitely autocorrects to defiantly .. I'm not boldly disobedient everytime I'm sure of something
Join the WNBA and in the fight against breast cancer . BreastHealthAwareness
I will forever hold that night close to my heart .
Mix - The ABC Song | Alphabets Song | ABC Children's Rhymed the first
President Obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the United States !
you can stop following my husband on here . Ain't gonna happen .
did you watch this ? Cant stand him !
When I went out that day , I was like someone else . Like a puppet on strings . "" How about ...
Dear BLOTUS , Alec Baldwin and SNL are so good at portraying the Real Donny Doofus . What hilarious skits , VERY FUNNY
Dear BLOTUS , Way to go Donny Doofus , your disapproval rating is on the rise faster than your failures in office . IMPEACH !
Dear BLOTUS , You should give Melania all the tools and power she needs to combat cyberbullies like your self . Zero so far !
Me : Total is $ 9.43 Customer : * hands over $ 20 * Me : * punches in 20.00 & amp ; opens drawer .. * Customer : Wait ! I have . 43 Me :
I'm bored . Prob won't get anything though lol
A political sitcom entitled Everyone Hates Putin
Lol nah . This isn't even worth it .
FUCK YOU MEAN ? ? ? ? I WILL NOT STAND FOR THE DISRESPECT ON ELOTES & amp ; SHOUT OUT TO THE ELOTERO FAM .
I fixed myself up nice but you never came .
I'm already going to cry TheWalkingDead
My mom mentions you and I don't want to say anything .
I'm cleaning my room and I found my senior scrapbook lol
I haven't even used my vipoo spray
Someone be nice and buy me this
I hope my 10:45 appointment doesn't show up so I can take a nap
This is is so cute
Just got to work and no one's here . Lmao
My parents woke me up at 3 , so here I am . Awake
People who don't know me think I'm nice lol
Yall relationships don't work because you think it's ok to ignore somebody when you mad instead of being an adult and c
everybody hates air signs but they love themselves that's all they care about
I'm gonna have my degree and w / a man who isn't intimidated by my education .
Ya'll trynna gain relationshipweight while I'm over here trynna lose it
I need some new running shoes
Food , money , sleep , time to do whatever the hell I want
Taystee : "" I miss her so much man "" Me : OITNB
me : * wants to be spoiled * also me : * wont accept anything bc i feel extremely bad if anyone spends any amount of money
Ive had for the past year , that has helped me grow professionally .
Dude , I Curse Alot . Like , Alot . hahahaha story of my life
pouring alc on my facee < < < < < wet
I'm over it I give up
Really hope I don't get raped and / or robbed on my walk alone downtown to the ATM with all the crazies around here
I miss my friends and my hometown , but in truth it's the reason that I leave .
dude it does that to me too . I hate it
I did my phase 2 there and it was absolute heaven
It's literally impossible for me to make friends . I don't know how to talk to people !
I don't understand why people won't be your friend when you're in love . subtweetatallen
go lick a butt hole
LDRs aren't about having every little thing you want right now , it's about all the big things you'll have in the futur
Why oh why oh why was I ever attracted to guys with tribal tattoos
I was just replying to your tweet ? You tagged me
I stopped watching PLL when everyone started tweeting play-by-plays of the show . Get outta here with that nonsense
Yes I agree . Good talk
I love when people ask me about Stephen . He is literally my favorite thing talk about
yes sir , like now
Cowboys move to 7-3 on the season , and have a bye next week . Cowboys will return to action on November 23rd against the
"" X "" may be the Greek way of sayin ' "" Christ , "" but this ain't Greekland , it's Merica . It's Christmas , not X-Mas .
it's not directed at anyone , just people who are aggravated with hearing about the dress in general
Except I'm also a pre-med student ... So I can complain about both
Had to stop watching season 3 to watch the game . You could say I love everything Cowboys DALvsPHI
. @AlabamaFTBL continues to get ready for Monday's NationalChampionship game RollTide
"" When they're done with the yoga can I answer the question ... "" YES YES YES
MakaiWorldTurtleDay Giveaway 2 3 Bright Salmon Wave Prints ! Must be following ! Winners announced 3pm est ! h
KATIE LEDECKY ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! BOOM AMERICA ! ! ! THATS HOW WE DO IT ! ! Olympic CHAMPS
Team Trump but if I took a shot every time he mentioned how terrible NAFTA is , I'd have lasted 3 minutes . #debate
Do y'all realize that no matter who won the presidential election , the Syrian airfield was going to get bombed ? ?
It's shameful how socially acceptable it is to mock Christians , bash white people as a collective group , & amp ; trash men for ""
Its quite the escape !
I applied to be a Chatterbox :
OxiClean Liquid Laundry Detergent - - Smiley 360 Connect
Awesome ! I applied to host a Silk & amp ; NutriBullet Smoothie Social ! SmoothieSocial Sponsored :
If I was social enough I bet people would say I'm lazy when it comes to cuddling . Hell I'll just say I'm lazy when it comes to it
How to make me happy
Linda Patience King , Patrick Kelim
Darlin you give love a bad name
Take cover run for your life because I'd rather die then let you get away
If I didn't have my dad in my life I wouldn't be where I am today .
Running like a gorilla up the stairs because it's easier that way .
So ratel snakes if they bite you and you don't get to the hospital fast enough you can go brain dead
So they have a Dragon emoji but they don't have an elephant emoji
Your secrets are safe with me because I wasn't even listening to you .
Ganna try and draw a crazy octopus
If you need me , call me . I don't care if I'm : - sleeping - having my own problems - angry with you . I'll be there f
Another fun fact : you are almost never somewhere where your not 6 feet away from a spider . killme
I smoke about 3 packs of cigarettes a day
Seriously have had enough of people today
okay man we got this
Only in America I have to pay 20 fucking dollars to drive on a public fucking road
Bora Bora , Pacific Ocean .
Intelligent people are more likely to avoid conflict which explains why some people notice everything but choose to say n
sometimes i will just get annoyed with people randomly . like i dont even have a real reason but their presence just bo
Silfra , Iceland . - Diving and Snorkel place , one of the clearest waters in the world .
Since I work a night job sleeping doesn't happen till the sun comes up . Guess that means a helix marathon
This whole not being able to move my arm shit is getting old and annoying just cut the fucking thing off
If I got paid to deal with idiots I'd have trillions
Reflections outside of Banff , Canada | Photo by
A polar bear who isnt sure how she feels about snow yet .
Rainbow Eucalyptus trees on Hawaii . The phenomenon is caused by patches of bark peeling off .
My business empire worth more than UncleBen net worth ! Beats me ? BILLIONAIRE
I love your new pic !
"" I'm about to follow advice and sleep naked . "" - BRAIN BLEACH ! ! ! BRAIN BLEACH ! ! !
Date Night was a success in my book ! ! ! Food was great ! Kids were great ! noms yummo bakedziti
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Word Search .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Word Search .
Loneliness is a state of mind & amp ; a matter of perspective . W / O being egotistical , you should be the most interesting person in every room .
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
DollarTree DollarTreeHaul DollarTreeCrafts DollarTreeAutumn MasonJarCandles
DollarGeneral DollarGeneralHaul AutumnClearance Dollar General
Look what I got in the mail .... ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY OSCAR EDITION ! ! ! ! ! jk imFullOfYolks
Target Bullseye Dollar Spot March 13 , 2017
Last day to support AFK Part II at MooseAndSquirrelSayAlwaysKeepFighting
This statement from Seth Meyers is a real statement from someone who has spoken strongly against Trump throughout .
Sam Smith - Too Good At Goodbyes ( Music Video )
Im playing a game called You should play too . Use my code Mrsgarthb 2 to sign up
Hurricane Irma's storm path : What you should know
You're willing to "" pay "" higher taxes for "" free "" healthcare for all ? Do you not hear yourself speak ? not free , you pay f
Florida bar unscathed by Irma , but the final damage toll still looms via THANKFULLY THEY
Trump's 100 % right ! BoycottNFL Goodell-Trump's comments show ' lack of respect ' via the Android app
How much fun is the CEO of Anheuser-Busch having today ? NFLBoycott NFLBoycottSponsors
. @RedPillBlack : "" You know how liberals are - they are the most accepting people in the entire world , unless you think differen
This is who makes USA Veterans Honor them 4get these overpaid ungrateful athletes
If we want NFL players opinions , we'll call their parole officers . NFLBOYCOTT
It's not about the guns . It's about the control , & amp ; if you are protected by armed guards , please feel free to shut the hell up
He clearly speaks the beliefs of because he still works there and they are staying quiet on the subject
And Im having to move because of gun control advocates threats . Wish I had his security team .
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits , under the guise of ObamaCare , is over . They have made a fortune . Dems
There's also a picture of her wearing a cat in the hat costume
This cannot be stressed enough . Female veterans are at 250 % higher risk of suicide than civilian women . So much more s
. @PressSec : "" What the Clinton campaign did , what the DNC did was actually exchange money .. that's a big difference . "" h
Thanks Chuck Schumer . Thanks for allowing these cretins to come into our country w / o being vetted and killing us . Enjoy y
Johnnie Langendorff explains how he saw a gunfight b / t Kelley & amp ; a neighbor , who was returning fire , then gave chase htt
Exactly . If they were so concerned about Russian influence , then why didnt they seek the FBIs help ? The Russia story is
Funny thing how a couple of GOPe guys who are about to no longer be Senators don't want RoyMoore to be a Senator . They wo
Doug , your trying to run on an ice rink without skates .
Someone please inform Maxine Waters and the Democrats that you cannot impeach a president because you dont like him .
EXCLUSIVE : Illegal Aliens Killed Border Patrol Agent by Crushing in His Skull with Rocks , Says NBPC
Hundreds of Vietnam vets infected by a slow-killing parasite via
The good news is that their ratings are terrible , nobody cares !
Do you think we should turn North Korea into a parking lot ? Vote and
Its the MO for all lying MSM . Lie and if caught , retract . Each needs to be sued back to the ston
Are children afraid of ? Nope , but helo Marine One is a bit much for a 4 year old as his moth
There needs to be a law against past Presidents going around the world to undermine the power of the United States . Oh
As we predicted last week in TheAngle was sacrificed to launch the Gillibrand 2020 campaign & amp ; re-airing
My Democrat colleagues have said that the American people will remember this night . I hope they do . TaxReform utp
Jada Pinkett Smith to boycott the Oscars : ' Begging for acknowledgement diminishes dignity '
itsaBIGdeal RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
TravelTuesday RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
alltogethernow RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
MISOTS 16 RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
arrestGovSnyder RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
Revolution CantWaitForEvolution RT Invite UniteSA Protest US Capitol Building DC February 14-21
RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
FlintWaterCrisis RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
Native children dealing with existential crisis before they even have access / exposure to academia to articulate their pain .
Panthers RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
YOU DA MAN . SlowMotionVibes xo
FlintWaterCrisis RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
ReformTheCriminalJustice RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest US Capitol Building DC February 14-21
gunviolence RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
IT'S BERN TIME ! !
StopTheFear RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
itsinourhands RT Invite BringYourCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
WallStreet RT Invite BringYourCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
UniteSA RT Invite BringYourCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building DC February 14-21
Have labels ever affected your life ? Watch / share this video by legendary wisdom nolabels worldpeace
FlintWaterCrisis RT Invite BringYourCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
DC RT Invite BringYourCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
DesMoines RT Invite BringYourCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
RT Invite BringYourCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
TravelTuesday RT Invite BringYourCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
I'm proud to be apart of Crazy Bernie's Movement .
Chancellor Merkel thanks for standing withrefugees . Please use the G20 Summit to find global solutions to the refugee crisis
Every mother & amp ; child deserves best chance 4 healthy life ! pls invest 15 % of annual budget 2 save moms & amp ; kids !
"" other people are doing it , so that makes it totally okay for me to do it too ! ""
rt to save a life of a jimin stan
this is the concept i will never get tired of seeing .
41 . SHY SHY SHY
jimin's style is either classy , cute or cute & amp ; classy
jimin copying namjoon and mocking his laugh will always be iconic
Nothing happened everything will go JUST as we planned BTS worked so hard for their album & amp ; we'll break records & amp ; get our 20M
I made a couple of super quick doodles of Tae to practice because I find him so hard to draw ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; BTSCOMEBACKSHOW B
me : ok let me answer that real quick bighit : how much time do you spend on bts - me :
[ # ] BTS DNA 2 ( Full Ver . ) ! ( https://t.co / e0EJ4XRnnP )
the ooo h in the background , , same
we're trying to shift from the era of "" crazy mobbing fangirls "" to a mutually respectful idol-fan relationship and if you didn '
You did so well You did so well You did so well You did so well You did so well
The Purpose of Past Patterns - Ever wonder why past patterns and wounds seem to find their way back to the surface ?
I know the Lord will make a way somehow .. Psalm 27:14
If youre in a hard place , know that God is with you , leading you through to victory . Read Psalm 23 today .
God is good and he has good things for you .
Thanks to my top interactors ! via
Still love my Cowboys !
Doing well ! Thank you for asking .
Cast all your concerns on God and leave them there ! GodHasYou He loves you !
Don't give up on the people you love . Your patient love and faithfulness may be exactly what they need to make a complete tu
When you put God FIRST , everything falls into place ! firstfruits FirstThingsFirst
Stop equating blessings as only being monetary or materialistic stuff .. we'll stay losing if we think that's all blessi
Something is blooming in your life . believeit getexcited
You can do anything you set your mind to when God is at the beginning , middle and the end of it ..
Check out this blog she is my director of projects and is starting a blog of her own about her life married to ...
ICYMI RETWEET , Share & amp ; Listen to I Praise on SoundCloud Christian Gospel Praise Worship encouragement
Focus on the good . Happy Friday ! morningmotivation
Alot of things may go out of style but prayer will never be one of those things ..
Good morning Twitter ! The true measure of Gods love is that He loves without measure . - Unknown
God alone can fix all wrongs ..
O magnify the Lord ( not my problems ) with me ....
I wanted to be a ninja when I grew up but God had other plans .... His plan is better !
Not everybody is going to like you . Not everybody is going to understand you . Shake it off and run your race .
Nothing can stop the plans of God .
I know that God will give you whatever you ask of him . - John 11.22 .
Friends come and go , but Jesus comes and stays .
7.24 . 17 . Remember : When your focus is on God everything always aligns at the right time . StayEncouraged and GBY
CHECK LIST FOR THE DAY ! - It's Saturday ! ! - I am alive - I am living - I am blessed - Life is amazing - God is in control
Left to much time on the clock !
Im not saying Happy Holidays on Christmas . I will be saying Merry Christmas very loud and I dont care who it offends .
Just a friendly reminder to keep pushing forward , stay on track , and be positive . No matter what kind of rough spot your
I'm not the same girl anymore , pain changed me .
Omg , I need a Border Collie when I get my own place
"" She's pretty . "" "" Damn ... She's so ... symmetrical . "" Wait , what ?
I'm cracking up . EW .
BTFD ! Let's go , Hoosiers ! iubb
Holy crap that's awesome ! I wish I could draw like that .
I miss my roommates and would like them to come home right about now . kthanksbye pathetic
When people give you no warning that they're leaving or even say that they're the one driving
I wish classes were tougher at the beginning of the semester when I have more motivation , instead of the end when bball and ...
Well ... I went to Subway to eat fresh . Turns out that includes bacon , chocolate chip cookies , and hashbrowns . bikinifood ha
What ! ? I started at 4 ...
Apparently , when I was a baby , I got so used to having my temperature taken I would just stick my legs in the air . FeverQueenProbs
You know , when a box of hair dye says it will fade in a couple months , it would be nice if it would actually fade in a couple months .
I would not pay for a lap dance from someone named Buddy Wilhelm .
My love for the Hawks is steadily growing ...
Welp , this didn't take long . puppytime
Just introduced my dad to RumChata . I think he's in love .
Aight , Nebraska . I see you . nofilter Mountain Time Zone Change
Lmao you had enough for both of us .
Prayers for those in DC . It's sickening how this is a fad now . NavyYardShooting
I'll also be home in 11 days .
The robe in my room is leopard print . It's like the hotel knew I was coming .
In the wise words of my late grandfather , "" When you say it yourself , it stinks . ""
Going to a fabric store with my mother is never a quick trip . I don't want to see another bolt of fleece for the rest of my life .
I'm not even a huge Lorde fan or anything . The focus of pop culture is just so sickeningly off-base ... hipstertweet
That's all , folks . Junior year is over .
Update : Sprayed him with cleaning supplies , after which he pulled off a cunning escape . Brb , calling the National Guard .
I judge people who litter . More so if it's thrown out of a moving car for some reason .
RIP to those poor cops . Whoever did that is NOT a true supporter of the movement .
So you had to take all of Twitter down with you ?
OccupyDC are facing the imminent risk of eviction ! Follow their livestrem OccupyBoston OWS
Now wants us to believe the Republicans cancelled Keystone and are responsible for $ 4 gas . He ( cont ) h ...
The House passed the JOBSAct 390 to 23 . The President supports it . Now it is time for the Senate to act . SXSW startu ...
Hillary Clinton to step down : Mexico run by Cartels , Muslim Brotherhood runs Egypt , Iran about to have a Nuke Bomb . ...
"" @washingtonpost : Victims of U . S . drone strikes file lawsuits in Pakistan pressuring govt : BUSH WOULD TAKE PRISONERS .
two years ago Reid and Pelosi said don't let tax cuts expire during down economy ... so what has changed ?
France steps up security at its embassies as satirical magazine publishes cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad - ...
[ In His Own Words ] Al Sharpton : Media Manipulating and Using the Press Must See ! !
Reuters with an amazing Biden picture .
OpenOurWH Secret Service was not laid off , so where are the savings from closing our White House ? Tours run by volunte ...
Obamacare Insurance Plans Will Limit Your Hospital and Specialist Choices teaparty tcot DearCon
QUADBOXSIGHTING are you watching NFL RED ZONE ?
CAREER POLITICIANS ON ALL SIDES are afraid of TheRealDonaldTrump and apparently most news outlets !
The Lefts words & amp ; actions only apply to their FALSE Agenda ! They are the epitome of Evil They don't care about Uniting the
hardrockcalling looking forward to the amazing lineup :D
2010 Hubble Space Telescope Advent Calendar - The Big Picture - Boston.com
I've just rated Lng Ch Tch H Ch Minh 4 stars on "" Liked : Uncle Ho . ""
It's a huge improvement on what they had before !
A very useful coding techniques for clean and maintainable CSS code in complex projects - css
I'm at Vancouver International Airport ( YVR ) ( Richmond , BC ) w / 20 others
Awesome foodie weekend , the highlight being a visit to in New Westminster , those guys know how to make a pulled pork sandwich :)
Such a rapidly changing field but front end JS dependency management is going to get interesting this year ...
I just earned the ' Bottle Share ' badge on
the fall of UCONN begins now :)
Got a problem ? Plant a tree and bury your problem with it . Happy EarthDay
your sooo lucky I texted you :)
I just realized we have school tomorrow depressing
Abbey we miss you . concusionprobs
Soccer games tonight at Fishback at 4 , 6 , and 8 ! It's senior night and our homecoming game ! Come out and support !
Everyone go to the library and vote for your candidate for Mr . BHS ! ! Top four money earners make it into the pageant !
I could look at the men's national team all day hubbahubba
tbt to one of the best nights of my life with my besties also a HBD to beth_hult hope you have a
Couldn't be more proud to be a Bobcat BobcatPride
i can't wait for prom
I'm getting nervous watching this baseball game Let's go boys !
A day at home is exactly what I needed
lucky for you Brookings is getting one
I don't agree with the shootings that have happened this week but violence is no way to solve the issue of violence ... makes me sick
I'm still on the floor of my dorm room attempting to figure out how he managed it
Some feel good music for your Wednesday
I can never sleep at night
beaches gulfshores birthday The Hangout
"" Heres what I say to voters who may have doubts : No one will fight harder for you and your families than I will . ""
Its time to join the industrialized world and guarantee health care to all of our people .
I'll talk to Ian about it if you really want to , it would help , and it eould be temp .
Ladies , if you want Hillary to get a legitimate shot in 2016 , you gotta stop making duck lips in Instagrams .
I owe a baby or something . They sent me the Sonic Screwdriver Universal Remote . I them so much . ...
it's not necessary . No one is blaming the child . It's the sick culture that uses babies as weapons that is the problem .
Aw , none for 165 yet ?
how would a time machine get you to a fictional place ?
shaming bodies is bad , but shaming ideology is good . Ok , got it .
Spoiler Alert ! The dog lives . See Kate Winslet and in The MountainBetweenUs , in theaters Friday .
I couldn't take a screenshot because of security on my banking app , sorry for the pho
Buy the ones from Ali express and compare , make a video on it . That would be super helpful .
If this gets 3,000 RTs , well give away a PEDRO signed baseball . Pedro . HighFiveCiti VotePuig
So I had all these ideas for my character , and now he's a central part of a war , and I'm just here like , "" how'd that happen ? "" amwriting
I just had to HoldTheDoor at a restaurant for someone . I almost started to cry .
That moment when you get a second degree burn from the popper and the customer gives you the "" where's my popcorn "" look .
ThingsIWantInSeries 3 For John to say "" No shit , Sherlock . "" When Sherlock says something obvious
Happy Thanksgiving to our American cousins ... I brought pie ! !
Just completed a run in Week 7 , Workout 2 of zombiesrun 5k
I found out that Stamford , my character in Sherlock introduces Watson to Holmes on New Years Day , which is my actual birthday
I've got some news ! I'll be back on your TVs soon , America .
Your life wouldn't pass the bechedel test
Senior year is so fucking expensive
thought you guys would enjoy . Those people also need to read this
Not the fighting type but I'll have a go
"" 11:11 , make a wish "" "" I want to die "" "" You can't say it out loud or it won't happen "" "" I want to live ""
My mom is literally begging people on Facebook to come see me so I'll stop complaining about being bored
"" BUT WHAT ABOUT MEN - "" shhhhhh SHHHHHHHHHHHHHhhhHhhhhhhhhh hush now sweet boy shhhhhhh now is time to rest
This isn't what we meant by "" intersectional feminism ""
This sounds like one of my tweets
Son why were you following me in the first place there's nothing here for you
Men , do you prefer a woman with makeup or no makeup ?
Man : I am killing people because of my ex-girlfriend Conservative media sources : Radical Islamist - ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Lol too bad we aren't friends because you're a conniving piece of shit
Why pay for cable television when you can watch people pretend to be good Christians on the Internet for free
Y'all elected a teenage girl who dies if she doesn't tweet her feelings and / or get her way to be in charge of a who
Happy birthday Hope you had a great day
I'm in the wrong Ohio
Admit it I'm your favorite
"" Sometimes math is easy , "" I confidently said to myself before turning in my stats quiz and getting a 7 % .
Yeah but its like a revamped version with professors you cant even understand when you try to pay attention
I pay $ 2,000 a semester for a meal plan and here I am , eating a honey bun and mini kit kat for supper because I dont want to get up .
No , my online dating profile does not say I only date bitches who do cocaine .
Its the fucking middle of November
Crazy how much longer the days seem when I wake up at a reasonable time and not four in the afternoon
Hi my names Faith , Im 19 , and I never fucking learned how to sleep
3 - D Printing Hits Licensing With Coca-Cola , Hershey's and Hasbro
These sisters are using origami to clean up the world's water supply via
Companies spending big money to generate buzz during Super Bowl
NL FinalVote update : 1 . Belt , SF 2 . Marte , PIT 3 . Story , COL 4 . Lamb , ARI 5 . Braun , MIL VOTE : ASG
I still check behind the shower curtain sometimes to make sure no one's there .
Are you going to the mall , AGAIN ? ?
The calm before the storm .... VCPW
Happy new year ! ! zombies
California wont see relief from drought this winter because El Nio is likely to be weak or nonexistent
I'm excited for Antarctica to melt so we can dig up some CRAZY fossils , maybe artifacts !
Your phones aren't as secure & amp ; private as u may think
Our government needs to get their priorities straight . Deport illegals and house veterans .
ariana when they kept playing her songs at that restaurant
I adore you more than anything in the world and this is forever . I'll always be here for you no matter what , never forge
I honestly feel bad for ariana , she didnt deserve her privacy to be violated .. i just hope she doesn't view all of us li
Are you serious ? Right in front of my salad
ARIANA DESERVES THE WORLD , IF YOU AGREE
Hi If this tweet get 500 + retweets can you please follow me ? I LOVE YOU SO MUCH ARIANA FOLLOW ME htt
if this ain't your reaction to why try you ain't listening to why try
like ariana doesn't need an award to prove that she's artist of the year but at the same time if she doesn't win i am pop
officially every girls fave filter now arianatorsparty
this so the people can see that our fandom is strong and we can trend loveyouariana
I don't have much money left but I know some of ya'll didn't get to attend dwt so if u want one of these bracelets . I '
Ariana is a woman . Ariana is a vocalist . Ariana is a role model . Ariana is phenomenal . Ariana is talented . Ariana is aria
stan twitter culture is tweeting youre going to go to bed but spending hours scrolling on ur tl and only liking things , not re
girl same . I got that dumbass class today
every time she does the mwah thing my lifespan extends by 5 years
boys pay $ 200 for jordans but sit the bench for jv basketball
getting complimented by girls : getting complimented by boys :
nah thats just my mutuals retweeting my retweets
winona ryder doesnt get enough credit for how iconic and unproblematic she has been throughout her whole career .. she
As a Polynesian , I will not be offended if your child wants to dress up as Moana . Let the kids be kids , man . Now for a
good-morning i miss her & amp ; dangerous woman tour endless amounts ...
Me waiting patiently for karma to intervene and ruin the lives of anyone who has ever wronged me
rt if the person in your icon makes your heart go ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ZOOOOOOMMM WHOOOOOSSSHHHHHHH
High quality pics of a high quality person performing high quality songs on a high quality tour
My manager was dealing with a mad customer and the customer asks him if he can talk to the manager and my managers like
having a good heart fucks you over in our generation .
Sometimes people don't come back and sometimes that's okay
Some people are so attention hungry
I'm very thankful for everyone I met this year
SOS someone bring me a slurpee or candy or anything really pls and thx
Someone give me something to do tonight
i hope my husband still grabs my butt and drunk flirts with me at family get-togethers when we're 30 with kids
IfWeDate you aren't gonna be on lock down .. you can go have fun with your friends and what not . Just respect our relationship .
We have a dining room table now
Feeling like nobody likes you or wants you around is getting pretty exhausting
Desperately wanting a movie night . & amp ; a slurpee
if you've been to a different Saginaw River
Someone go to garage sales with me
You made a point to sharpen your pencils at the front of the class on the days where your outfit was fresh to death .
me trying to get my dog to lay next to me on the bed
The zappos outlet IS HUGE OMG
If you want to be my friend please understand that I talk about my dogs a lot . A LOT .
people really will hit you up out the blue just to be nosey
Muskegon in November and Ypsilanti in February !
Couldnt have said it better myself
Guys Alyssa and Megan are rescuing the cat
It's officially my favorite time of the year .... heated blanket season
the only person u owe forgiveness to is yourself . forgiveness is a path to personal growth .
Invest in people who invest in you .
Why am I nice to people and always give them second chances when they have literally done me dirty so many fucking tim
Its not even 9pm and my body is convinced it is midnight
I hate being so stressed because it makes me so sick and I just cry all the time
This is definitely a mf date
This is so true !
So , Apples can't get virus's ? Read on
Update time . After 2 weeks they finally took the stitches out of my finger ! Man does it feel better now !
Heres one for Jennifer , Micah and Transendent Fitness
Click here to support We hate to ask but we need help by Alan Lilley
As this is Memorial Day , let us all stop to thank those that served and paid the ultimate price . We can never ...
seriously the cast you put together for the next challenge is really weak , especially for the veterans . U could do much better .
Your Warriors looked strong tonight . Congrats on the series win !
you are a fucking idiot and terrible writer . A completely ignorant asshole .
when someone posts a selfie and their highlight is poppin '
same problem , same apartment complex ... this is gonna be a helluva year
what rhymes with hug me ? ? ?
it will get better trust me
bc then you'd have bratty siblings for the rest of the year
when u find out lemme know homie
I've found a new way to procrastinate studying with friends
this could be us but we ugly
Yes u do don't lie
Or when he educate you on something you didn't know , when he just telling you bout his day , when he fine af and you ju
I wish dogs could live forever
as a dad ( and as a bf tbh )
THE BAR IS DEAD , Y'ALL HAVE SET THE BAR SO DAMN LOW IT'S NOW PERMANENTLY 6 FEET UNDER
seeing the good in everyone / everything is a blessing & amp ; a curse
When I meet a new girl and she tries to appeal to me by bashing other girls
I'd smack her for a sweet tea from McDonald's
you raggedy ass fuckboy . There's a new doll in town , fuck outta my mentions
One of the most Texas things I've ever seen . I love this state
not sure what I'm supposed to do with this information
Wow Evan , what a wonderful idea and such and intriguing tweet ! I agree with your position on this topic .
This isn't the America I was raised in .
This is Smiley . He dedicated his life to making others smile . Today , his battle with cancer ends . He is our first 15/10 . Res
There always is ! ! ! ! !
TRIGGER WARNING ! ! !
Old school huh ? Hahaha :)
Good to be at the beach !
85 degrees outside . I have to wear jeans for chem lab . Walk in my dorm and my roommates have it set on 75 . NotOurPowerBill TempDOWN
Cause me and are fatties ! Haha
I wasn't ! That's a great movie haha
He was nailed to the cross to fulfill prophecy . And he was blameless . Read the bible a little more before you say stuff
Y'all look so excited to be working out ! Hahaha
Eight more Saturdays until the return of the Crimson Tide !
The best thing I've seen all day : "" The only thing Colin Kaepernick is oppressed by is NFL defenses . "" Merica .
oh , yes we will . But Klaine is endgame ! ! ! klaine
Do you standwithwendy ? you should !
take my Greek midterm for me
The endlessness of the Texas sky isn't as appealing when it's entirely grey .
Twitter is built by immigrants of all religions . We stand for and with them , always .
BeardGang I'm gonna pretend to be an honorary
Less than 3 hours until Season 7 finale ! ! ! TeamNegan TheWalkingDead SaviorGang AllOutWar
MyFavoritePlaceIn 3Words inside of you
I'd still be making steaks and making her something separate
Just love when good days go to shit
Shout out to Bee and her team going 2-1 today .
Moe Betta Blues looks exhausted
Probably but I know you would break some shit if it happened
And I would love it
You talking about the big green cocks
Are Trump muppets going to be ok with it if Guam gets decimated because the Clown-In-Chief , , can't shut the fuck up ?
I'm not mad , that's my AFC team .
I liked the first one too
Seems like a good price
I hope Verlander gets a WS ring this year . AlwaysATiger
Dear Taco Bell , You are delicious
It's all about perspective really
And there's the endorsement of an accused pedo .
Make room for me to ride with you if that time machine comes to fruition .
If I ask you to take a picture & amp ; you take about 23 so I have options of not only a planned picture but also candids , you are m
Kauffman Center For The Peforming Arts Pt . 1 instakc ivideo instavideo architecture art kc
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily Word w / mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in I am .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in for Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Patriots .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Palabras .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Office Jerk - Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Moviefone .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Vocabulary .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Shower Thoughts with mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Patriots .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in ScanLife Shopper & amp ; Barcode Reader .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Motivation .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Quick Pool .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Bible Inspiration .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Name Da President ( Android ) .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Office Zombie - Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in I am .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Phrase Scramble .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Quick Pool .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily Word w / mPoints .
I am adorable . #I_AM positive affirmation happy
Toxic house plants poison more children than household chemicals . #didyouknow fact interesting
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Motivation .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Senzorz .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in ScanLife Shopper & amp ; Barcode Reader .
I am genius . #I_AM positive affirmation happy
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Vocabulary .
The shape of plant collenchymas cells and the shape of the bubbles in beer foam are the same - they are orthotets .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Space Games .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Grumpy Bears Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in for Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Boston Celtics - Android .
Lunch for the week is taken care of with this delicious slow cooker recipe . Promotion PerdueCrew -
10BillionWives I married 23,465 , 859,231 Wives ! iOS : Android :
You swipe left or right in my photo album and I'll be swiping my knife left and right on ya granny .
mom : * calls my name * me : what mom : me : what mom : me : what mom : me : what mom : * yells my name * me : what mom : WHY AREN'T YOU
Trying to hide feeling awkward
uh huh I bet .
Behind my smile is everything you'll never understand .
because she's a damn Ginger .
Wouldn't mind sleeping for days . toomuchonmymind
WeWontWorkOutIf you ain't into sports .
S / o to my NF preciateya followhim
"" @tay_lerc2 : Happy Birthday ! ! ! thanks !
A champion works hard when no one is watching .
"" Everyone says there's someone out there for everyone , I think mine got hit by a bus "" yup , I'm starting to believe it .
yes ! I'm in the shower right now !
Don't send me something flirty when you have a girlfriend . You'll get no reply .
- the pictures that i send on Snap Chat , though .. Ratchet
Happy birthday love you !
TFT has been trying to get me to smell her shoes and feet the whole way home from the mountains .
when do y'all get out for Christmas ? ?
I agree ! I need to see you before monday ! ! ! !
umm yeah for a reason .
John Mayer flow april 24th
Great Gatsby was an amazing movie !
Dreams where you can jump really high and far and pretty much fly are life ! ! ! !
jealous type , idc .
Hearing "" I miss you "" from the right person > > >
TodayKidsWillNeverKnow how great this roast was
I get on Twitter & amp ; laugh every day
There comes a point in your life when your realize who really matters , who never did , and who always will .
President Obama always walks like he saying , "" Jive Turkey "" in his head ! I'm gonna miss that smooth Thunder Cat !
I love a "" Wya , who you with , where u going "" ass Girlfriend
i swear she has the most beautiful smile that i've ever seen , it kills me
You gotta make what you can out of life ..
There's nothing more I hate than being compared to someone else .
I got trust issues tbh .
Open up to me . I wont judge you .
I swim with the birds an fly with the fish don't judge me
After they've broken you , it's hard to remember the times they made you happy .
On who this not how niggas be
GET HER THICK 2017 GET HER THICK 2017 GET HER THICK 2017 GET HER THICK 2017 GET HER THICK 2017 GET HER THICK 2017 GET HE
Which part of his body do you think got broken ?
i crave attention from only 1 person tbh
I learned a long time ago that if you keep God at the center of your life , everything else will fall into place !
relationship goals : having one .
Jingle my bells and I'll give you a white Christmas
Nothing dey bore pass a born One saying "" No Sex Untill Marriage ""
Does Anybody Know Any Health Information Management Professionals ? I Have A Interview Assignment . Please Inbox Me There Names
Kirk shut up ! tryna justify why you cheated . you WRONG ! point blank . LHHATL
Music Flow Till I Fall Asleep I Guess
I Have A Big Heart !
Relationships Are Not Perfect & amp ; They Are Not Expected To Be . In A Relationship You Suppose To Be Able To Build Together , Work On Things As 1
THAT BOND BE THE HARDEST THING TO GIVE UP
My heart so fucking big g I will still love tf outta a mf STILL after they gave me every reason not to ... I gotta grow outta
If we can run the football the Seahawks are in trouble . WHO DAT ! poundtherock
Good morning world : "" Thought is the sculptor who can create the person you want to be . "" Henry David Thoreau
Gonna say it again ! Just head shot cards - STUPID ! Love so much more !
OLDP is at STEUBENVILLE ON THE BAYOU thirst steubiebayou
Photo : kittenwrites 1x1 : Writers Block Resource Master Post Youve justreceivedanamazingreply that leaves ...
Photoset : fancysomedisneymagic : The Princess and the Frog-Concept Art
So , Im going to try to write and edit for a couple of hours . Then I might start up either final fantasy X ...
Photoset : dancing-to-my-joy-devision : thestormypetrelofcrime : mypatronusisyou : loki-cat : ok in the first gif ...
Photoset : heinouskurloz : why else would you need a best friend anyway
i HAVE RETURNED WITH THE NEW INTERNETS !
Photo : dirtyivan : Best line ever .
Photoset : kotakucom : This is the village of Nukumori no Mori , or , in English , the Forest of Warmth , in ...
Photoset : iamicecreamsbitch : thestarsjustblinkforus : Early 19th century paint set Nope thats a fucking ...
Photoset : whoufflesoufflegirl : sailor-ramiel : sora 2522 : karenhurley : This flower shaped confetti contains ...
Photoset : xwagnerplaguesx : This makes me laugh everytime . never ever gets old .
Photo : what-alchemy : staniamstan : bigenderjanecrocker : jellyfishery : Step 1 : Take the Political Compass ...
Photo : arthurdentistry : lightinthedarkness : wizzy-of-witchelny : modmikail : masteroflag-meh : valfiggs 5 : ...
Six types of Love - psych-facts : Eros a passionate physical and emotional love based on aesthetic ...
Photo : fuckyeahmineralogy : Azurite ; Milpillas Mine , Municipio de Cananea , Sonora , Mexico
Photo : myfoodfotoobsession : Baked potato soup :)
I will write porn for money . No , seriously . Whatever you want . Characters , plots , or lack of , place . All ...
nicolegendary : hell-born-rising-demon : dolofang : klartie : when boys have sleepovers do they sleep in the ...
fleekinq : daydreams-of-fairytales : supernatural-tardis : i had a crush on this guy and i decided to pull a ...
mexi-cant : holy-crap-someone-finally : weeping-daleks : laughbitches : superlazyninja : fruitcrocs : CHILDBIRTH ...
Photoset : retro-geek : ultrafacts : gatochick : ultrafacts : pizzaismylifepizzaisking : majikkant : ultrafacts : ...
Photo : themauveroom : distractedbyshinyobjects : mewjounouchi : khoshekh-yourself : catsuitmonarchy : ...
Video : kawaikunaii : alexstrazsa : Just unmute it . source my constant internal dialogue
wolfi-sama : I was doodling smol birbs and ended up with a birb that looks like its having an existential ...
Submit a video of you and your Mini Chef cooking together and you could win $ 1,000 MiniChefSweepstakes -
Off six days , work one , back off for four . I could like this .
Going to worship the King !
Loving my Sunday morning study times . Don't forget to come out and join me for Kenosha 1st Assembly second
A wise , kind resident at Brookside today said I was beautifully pretty and much younger than she had imagined ... I'll take that !
does not act unbecomingly , does not seek its own ... ( 1Corinthians13v5a )
little rain will only make it interesting ! onechurch familyservetime
What's really cool is that my 15 year old served on a team all week prior and we also served the day of ! circleofserving
Motivated , strong , metabolized ! ! !
Officially shopped out ... For tonight .
You didn't want a friend . You wanted someone to add to your court to worship and adore you . Sorry , I worship only the one true God .
"" How you make others feel about themselves , says a lot about you . "" truth
The calling on my life and on yours is to worship and adore Jesus with every bit of substance inside of you . It's your reason for being .
yes , why yes it is ...
A word for a friend , but thought it was for all : Everyday is a new beginning . Start where you are . No looking back !
If I don't try to fit in then sometimes I really don't . I need to be ok with that .
Lovin how showed us all how great we can be . Powerful stuff . & amp ; you could win a new 2015 Toyota Camry
Filled a five gallon bucket with winter poop tonight . Maybe you didn't need to know that ...
From Manitowoc to Point Beach State Park it is 32 miles round trip . Beautiful !
Homemade salsa aka Traci Menges Alwardt . Yummmm !
10 days and a wake up . shorttimer
Lol them braids was ratch af tho ! ! Lmaooo
I gave em to yu .. bitch , dont fuckin forget it nicki
I don't care about ur life .. stop trying to keep up with mine !
Hate when I fall asleep w / o charging my phone
Shoulda faded his ass when he came in my room wakin me up .. shoot
I need to touch up these roots mane ! ! U got my messages shawty ? ? ?
Charli baltimore rap again ?
$ $ on my mind
Y'all hoes ain't fucking with me keep trying
guess i . ll find smtg to do wit my boo boo
Can't drive dis mess too much longer
orrrrr just left u in there wit ya "" bae "" offset lmaooo
I got here at 7 & amp ; these niggas still ain't done w / my gd brakes
aww go April ! ! ! !
I just wanna go home & amp ; & amp ; get in my bed
Ciara finna kill this Janet Jackson tribute
Need to see if my lil cousins gone help me paint
Twitter ain't jumpin today like it was yday
2 hours to go .. Gotta finish strong
Went to open door today & amp ; & amp ; fell in love all da little children were so well behaved & amp ; & amp ; da teachers were great
18 more days ! ! I'm sooo excited
Father God I Feel Betrayed
Powerball is at 1.3 bil
Sex with me - Rihanna
I swear I hate this job sometimes
no would they be cheaper than an insurance replacement ?
Great season keeps me wanting more . Love the show .
Get Feathers the bird to travel instantly to any of the four village areas when you become a SmurfsVillage VIP !
I won a game by 96 point at Los Angeles stage . 3 - game win streak ! [ https://t.co / W0lIG9H48L ] Bowling_King
That's rather funny , although best wishes to your caddy . Good luck to you and Sa !
Dear Pittsburgh Penguins , Stop sucking . Sincerely , Me
I feel bad for Charlie . That being said , I fully expect the Browns to somehow find a way to lose . SteelersNation
Rooney ! ! ! ! h2p manutd letsgopens
The best coaches don't do it for money . They do it to ensure their players receive the same values and experience sports ...
No , I'm watching from home for my sanity's sake . Be safe and enjoy though !
Sterling suffering will hit Africans dependent on remittances hardest .
Navajo artist creates ' Make America Native Again ' hats to critique Trump's campaign slogan .
"" I freed a thousand slaves I could have freed a thousand more if only they knew they were slaves . "" FamousMelaniaTrumpQ
my gf made me gnocchi with avocado pesto parmesan sauce so ....
plot twist : victims of abuse shouldn't be held accountable or blamed for their trauma and we should instead offer compassion and therapy
"" You should look into this ' virgin ' Mary's past , believe me . You'll find some very questionable things . "" evangelicaltrump
Here's the thing . For all the * allies * now suddenly advocating "" waiting & amp ; seeing , "" at what point would you protest ? AFTER a
The U . S . Supreme Court ruled in Texas v . Johnson that flag-burning is constitutionally protected free speech . This is not
Your periodic reminder that "" new media "" is not new anymore . It's standard .
I know it's a holiday , but I wrote an in-depth report about HB2 , the anti-trans NC bill that won't die .
. @TomMoser1 The American people have the right to protest . The President's job is to serve .
i need to see a birth certificate to be sure Donald Trump was born and not summoned
This is Texas Anti Trump rally tonight : more attendees than his Inauguration And a red state , too .
I think it was who suggested a teach-in . If lawyers can do this , what can educators do ?
Ohio taxpayers haven't seen 1 cent of the $ 5.3 million BetsyDeVos has owed them for 8 years . Time to PayUp !
I prayed for a senator who would vote against someone ridiculously unqualified for Secretary of Education
Three years ago today , I released redefiningrealness . Thanks to the readers who embraced my story . Deeply grateful .
Make sure not to make this just abt gender . Yes , they're silencing a woman , but they're specifically trying to silence a black woman's words
PERSON : You always seem so chill . ME EXTERNALLY : oh thanks ME INTERNALLY :
"" This goes out to all those black & amp ; brown boys & amp ; girls , and non-gender conforming who don't see themselves . We're tryi
I don't think people should be forced to have roommates . If a 1 bedrm apt isn't affordable to the average person , that's
Watching people skip over the parts of the Bible that discuss their sins so they can condemn me for being queer . "" You m
This is evil . Absolutely no one is safer because Bresha is in jail . She is in danger . She is suffering . She is being puni
please hire queer people to check your slogans
Her idea of reaching out to youth was dabbing and making shit mannequin challenges cos she thought young voters were stupid
Hey Now You're a Boxcar Full of Children Solve Crimes
What a Leo imagines will happen when they hold the door for you , bum you a cigarette , or remember your name
i find it really jarring when comics suddenly reveal a character is straight when they havent earned that straightness .
yeah that's the fucking idea
He doesn't play my kind of music but he's sincerely talented ... though suddenly he's singing off key through auto-tune . That is fucked up .
It's really hard to have respect for adults who end arguments with "" Fine , whatever . "" It's so second hand embarrassing .
That is the exact same thing you replied with the last time I tweeted at you !
I know ! You just let me know when and I'm there !
I have had that cake . It was one of the best nights of my life .
I need some fucking rest and this neighborhood is ruining me . I'll let you sniff my hair and watch me sleep .
What . This is crazy .
I just read that you can get rid of mice by sprinkling cat urine all over the house . Sounds like a good idea !
Trump for President ! with my hair ( Thanks
Here are some mannequin legs for you .
I did , and I'm deaf now .
Or were you asking if TV Dinner Tuesday is a good thing , because you think eating them is sad ? I can't relate to that .
Ooo hhhh , so now all of the good stuff will be on after you're on bed ?
Everyone who has replaced Kilborn has done so much better than he ever did . No wonder his career tanked so hard . Dude stinks .
Stranger says that by making my dog heel , I'm teaching myself to train my own men . I don't know what that means , but he says it's good .
This is the most beautiful gift that I've ever been given . Thank you . THANK YOOOUUU .
I've always thought the same . I'd totally freak out . Though I love the look of smashed cake .
You are guesting on all of my favorite shows and it's wonderful . More ! More ! Fortune everywhere !
You're going to post your Baby Foot results , right ?
Aside from disproving "" Finicum wasn't a threat "" BS nails it with : Oregonstandoff
Excited to see how this turns out !
I have two cousins like that * shudder * I have hidden them .
Fell on my butt ice skating uncoordinated
Packing and watching National Treasure . Interesting combination .
i hate when im ignoring someone but they dont text me or anything so they dont even know that im ignoring them
Thanksgiving with some of my favorite people , Justin and Jessica Mann ! ! !
Probably 1 of the most interesting moments for She dated this guy haha he's famous !
and yet you're on twitter ... Lol JesusLovesYouToo
People who laugh more are able to tolerate pain better , both physical and emotional .
I swear all this stuff fit in my suitcase when I got down here
I'm always exhausted after work but I can never fall asleep til like 1 ...
The Lord will not allow His prophets to lead the church astray . If you disagree with them on matters of doctrine , you do not
While I am no longer headed to get my wisdom teeth out and nick has been home from his mission for like three yea ...
Rolling backpacks stopped being cool in 3rd grade . Plus they're annoying . Can we grow up now that we're in college ?
Me : How do you solve a problem like Maria ? Roommate : Marry her off . Me : In that case , I am def a problem like Maria . WifeMe
told me I'm too good of a person to say "" frick "" ... Thanks , but do you know me at all ? !
One of the best parts about theatre is having full on dance parties in the wings backstage
btw , "" Monkey Mafia "" isn't just a name , the Mafia was made up of monkeys .
And I didn't want to write a song , cuz I didn't want anyone thinking I still cared .
Gasoline will not put out a fire .
One of my favorite things about being Mormon is that I never feel any pressure to have a bikini-ready body . ModestisHottest
Promised a friend I'd finish a series before he comes back in January . Guess I'd better get going on those last 5 books lemonysnickett
Wow this sounds like my life
u have lips .. i have lips interesting
"" Not our guy , this ones got pants . ""
MLB teams ' twitter accounts are this year
Oh , and there was something about me wearing a dominatrix outfit and fuzzy handcuffs to class next week ? ThingsThatHappenWhenYouLeaveBYUI
Only watch this video if you're prepared to smile : / via
I'm so happy everything is coming up Milhouse for you ! Thanks for the awesome blog post , upbeat posts make me - - - :)
ebz When you hear ' colony ' , think ' leper colony ' , not Rio . No-one goes there . Well , tomb-colonists . A ...
Good morning ! Are you ready to both rise and shine ? I don't know if you've seen this , ( or care , ) but :
Well , I just had "" the talk "" with Boodler about how it is OK to like boys or girls "" that way "" and that we cannot use the word "" Gay "" as ...
* hugs * It's going to get taken care of , now . ( Well , soon . ) Yay , you ! Also , it's cool that they can make you a new implant .
You're the best ... thank-you so much !
Hey , already made eighty-nine cents today on adsense ... maybe the month is picking up a bit ! Yea !
"" There is no sanctuary in the coven of the witch ... some very clever doctor went and sterilized the bitch ... "" Diamonds in the Mine
Did you see this ? ! ? it's in regards to this : ... please feel free to chime in !
If it's a sex thing as opposed to a life-style thing , I do understand . The lifestyle choice is bizarre to me , too , tho ' .
I think I may've over-done it a little bit on the "" machines "" today ... one of my muscles in my butt keeps spasm'ing like mad-crazy .
C'mon boys ! Space is for girls , too ! MayTheForceBeWithKatie
Evony's idea of instant and my idea of instant don't seem to match .
Really ? Belf Paladin ?
Yes , they were :( There were a lot of issues with Boo , including a kidney issue that has since resolved , bad experiences .
Yay , yay , yay ! That's awesome . And yes , it's totally a painful procedure , I only go to Sisters , they're the best in Chicago !
WARNING : The consumption of alcohol may leave you wondering what the hell Happened to your bra and panties .
That's OK , I love you enough for both of us .
OMG ... what am I , twelve ? I have a ZIT on my chin ! Where the fuck did that come from ? ! ?
Did you see this : I took a screen grab . Discussing w / comic book guy & we got into some Kaufmanism .
"" Can I suck your dick ? "" - - - "" That'd be nice . "" Watched I Love You , Phillip Morris , last night . That is one uncomfortable movie !
My heart goes out to girls in OH .
When I was a kid , a loose tooth would drive me crazy and I'd have it out within hours ... daughter is the same , apparently .
youknowyoughetto when the sorting hat tries to place you in Waffle House .
I came really close to asking if you "" play "" with them ... then thought , oh , that doesn't sound right ! Sad where the world has gone .
That's the spirit , awesome to hear , I know when I first started dating my SO perceived similarity between him / ex was scary .
is listening to Pink Floyd's Interstellar Overdrive . Man . I love Pink Floyd .
Good things really do come in small packages . I entered the Try Us For Free Sweepstakes to win free Entenmanns Mini Cakes - - and a Wii !
When's the next hiring fair for LushWaterTower ?
definitely meant to tag you in my last tweet ... Whoops Happy Birthday !
Westboro Baptist Church founder Fred Phelps dies at 84 .
is not currently lying awake in bed and is in fact asleep , confident about how well I prepared her for tomorrow
I have sneezed 36 times today . It's not even 7 p . m .... Fuck allergy season .
Not picking up anymore socks until Taylor gets here
FUCK YOU . Do us all a favor and stay where you are for the rest of your life and forget I exist .
Only two more hours of pumpkin spice chaos
Time to rearrange some things .
An hour just isn't enough ... VSFashionShow
"" is he okay ? He looks like he's dressed for a funeral ... "" "" Oh no , he always looks like that . ""
happy I've been decently independent from my parents for a long time . Kind of shocking when college kids can't make thei
is it really 3600 miles ... ?
Once 10:30 hits , I'm going to nap like no one's ever seen before .
Trump clearly doesnt get the difference between an anecdote and empirical evidence
Good artists copy , great artists steal .
Blegh I miss you , come home hahahah
I just wanna leave work , take a bath and watch the X-Files .
yaaaaaas , will buy and review
Beautiful , poised , so talented , so humble . SerenaWilliams
replying to this to help you remember bc this seems v important
I hate all of you that can eat solid foods
Guys , my beebs got a 4.0 his first year back after taking a break from school . No matter how much you're going through , you can do it too !
73 % of mass killings in the US since 1983 commit by white men . Statistically , this is the face of terrorism in the US
Ok I know but I have pumpkin pie
Find yourself , play hide n seek alone
wish i could be like our gov't , do whatever i want ! seems to work for them
she left something here ! ! oh how conv . this looks like it will be filled drama !
SEO SEO Fact Survival Guide 10 Tips & amp ; Tricks ( Search Engine Optimization )
Everyone wants to be low key .
is tht ngga , he weaks me ! nvr a dull moment .
anyway , i hella wanna see despicable me 2 !
doing my own thing . i ain't worried bout nothing else .
we can't stop , and we won't stop .
seen the errors of my ways ; time to work on change .
School has STARTED ! REMEMBER a class that CHEATS together PASSES together ! Look at your neighbor and say : I rather CHEA
its over , i got colder , he cnt locate where my heart is .
Tonight's custom ROAR GRILL courtesy of the FAMED shout out to as well ! ! !
I love a lowkey Nigga not a WORLDWIDE nigga
Don't make me any promises , just show me .
over being bored all the time
work flusso . well on my way . lol .
If it's meant to be .. nothing will stop it from being
This weather is jst depressing where the fck is summer so I can bring out my booty shorts
People just love dickeating .
Little moans from guys during sex is so sexy .
A long island ice tea w | my ppls to end my nght .
Some of you hoes take notes .
When bae told you something but it aint adding up
All you "" main chicks "" arguing with side chicks both of y'all dumb . "" Main chick "" is not a special position y'all gump
Ready for school to be over already , smh
I'm jst tryna be somebody , before I say I need somebody .
No time - PnB Rock StoryOfMyLife
The way you treated her at the very beginning when you were trying to get her should be the way you always treat her , don't
Hella ! ! ! Balling look so much better together
Its your 9th birthday my girl , you are growing to be one
DAMN I JUST GOT ROASTED
lmaooo "" some family problems "" you make it sound like we just watched some american comedy abt a dysfunctional family
i came to just go thru mink's + ren's route again and instead i remember how i was in tears when this happened
NDHCIOSOKS ME ? FOREVER ME
For me to be up
Dentists finna get my teeth pretty .
Let you try to throw a blizzard at me homegirl .
Parents be acting so fake when company come over .
I think alot when im alone . !
This pizza hut > > >
Im tired of this workkk .
.. lol i see you . Tryna be like daddy .
She took a good soul and turned it bad . Kmsl .
i can see em tho lol . parker . Bye parker . Goodnight
Talvin and jenn was fightin and tore James belongings up . !
People don't dance no moe ! All they do is jig !
she tryna influence u to date taller men . !
Only the weak try to convince themselves they are bosses . Kmsl .
My momma side be so sleep . Kmsl . Sometimes !
2omf really act like they in a relationship . But in real life it would never work .
Bruh i been cravin donuts !
if it's meant to be it'll be
her titties They Unfollowed Each Other Or Nah ?
LMAOO BRUH IS DEADASS DRIVING FROM THE BACK SEAT
"" @JustKeep_sMILEN : I know how to text back fast when I want something . ""
Lol auto correct def make keke to meme . !
wait til my ATT Next contract up .
It cost NOTHING to mind your got damn business
definitely ! ! ! Your number still the same ? ?
Today In December We Honor The Birthday Of Mr Gerald "" Jerry "" Lawson The Black Genuis Who Gave Life To Atari , Nintendo , Se
Arkansas Supreme Court halts birth certificates for same-sex partners LGBT
She always gets me belainehstakeboston siblings boston habesha family bostongarden
me , mysizebuzz , and my little buddy . I'd say it was a good day . kiki_labellarte
... oh god people listened to my horrid voice ? xD
and now i'm sitting here just like
codename-thedoctor replied to your post : codename-thedoctor replied to your post : Ive felt like that :\ ...
fezzes-are-cool : DUE TO LAUGHTER AND FLAILING , IVE JUST HURT MYSELF TWICE .
Photo : kaeorin : So is River Song sending Eleven messages through the McDonalds factory or
SO i'm probably going to repaint my room sometime soon , and i know i'm going to get rid of the unicorns - ...
Anonymous asked : Do you know how I can contact Sherlock Holmes ? Because I need to solve the mystery of how ...
yellowverse : but we do have Cadbury =\ I SEE IT ALL THE TIME
ASK BOX ME FOR NEW ACCOUNT ! THIS ONE WILL BE DELETED ! - I MIGHT LINK MY NEW ACCOUNT THURSDAY NIGHT WHEN I GO ...
DON'T SAY THAT YOU'LL BE MAULED BY CRAZY FANGIRLS
I don't know what or who I am anymore .
you can rehire Billy Bush , since so many people are ignoring that Trump is the true asshole in the entire story .
1 thing worse than crappy pop music : hearing someone singing along and I can't escape it .
Packing . I've had this necklace since 1993 and haven't worn in over 20 years . Hanging onto it for the
The day always improves when wine arrives that I ordered . This stuff is heaven in a bottle .
Can we watch a meowvie now ? project 365 365project cat catsofinstagram catstagram kitty
For the past 2 nights , we've been bingewatching strangerthings and are all caught up on season
PJ , mulling over channeling her inner joycebyers to communicate with the upsidedown .
If I had a dollar for every hour of sleep I've lost since November 8th ... well maybe I should start investing that .
elcamino chevyelcamino chevrolet car cars vintagecar antiquecar classiccar class
Cache la Poudre River river poudre poudreriver fortcollins foco choicecity colorado coloradogram igcolora
dragon in the sky at sunset .
If you're f # $ % ing outraged too , demand Congress ban assault weapons now ! Enough LasVegas
No tiene discusin , con 16 goles en 3 mundiales ..... Gigante el gordo Ronaldo ! Inalcanzable !
El pueblo esta de fiesta ..... ( @ La Olla Monumental w /
Jajajajajajajajajaajaj ! :O) Quien es ese ? Y que tiene en su cabeza ? ? ! sefuetodito
:O) grande profe ! ! Hoy mismo me leo tu artculo , top 1 del todolist , hace raaaaato pendiente :P Salud profe !
La nueva web de CONMEBOL es mucho ms fea que la vieja , y muchsimo ms lenta . ? ? ? Lamentable ! !
probablemente Profe , pero de que te sirve un jugador clase A si va aparecer solo en los partidos clase B ?
I-O ! ! ! ! ! !
de otro planeta ! Ahora vamos al Basket Profe ! Aplana OSU , a lo Ciclon !
ya estamos ya estamos ya estamos ya estamos ! vos estas Julia ? Yo voy donde vaya El Profe !
jajaja grande Capurrito ! Vuelvo a la vida ahora , estuve sin cel . Abrazo Doctor , muchas gracias campen de campeones ! Salud !
Muchos afectados con la eliminacin de Italia a quien le ir MangoMan el ao que viene ?
I love her too ! ! !
You could say curls for girls . You could also say , squats for women , though it doesn't rhyme as well ...
I can never tell with you ...
So many movies I want to go see right now ... Someone should go see a movie with me
You already know I'm having a pokemon marathon on Netflix originals
2 more finals and I'm done with my freshman year of Aerospace Engineering at the greatest university in the country ! tamu
Just sat in traffic for 2 hours just to turn around and go home because made me miss my summer calculus class ! ECSTATIC
Sometimes I wish I had chosen an easier major ...
I'll keep that in mind
who wants to be my significant other for a few hours for the purpose of free food
vector is actually a real company ! It is a pyramid scam though so nobody should ever work there anyways .
I like how college students don't care about anything , like , they'll just walk out in front of a bus
Dude I suck at quizzes
It won't happen . No chance .
Awesome awesome awesome episode of Boston Rob Has A Podcast . This is exactly why I listen and exactly why you're the best .
I don't , but for some reason ' Moon Over Marin ' just may be in my top ten favorite songs . Awesome awesome song .
Check out the latest episode of RFR at Shotglass Digital !
America hasn't heard of anything that's not American .
Hell , maybe we could do a good version of Velma finally .
Random dumb question , but why is Hogan going to be on Raw , but not yourself and Scott Hall ? Bring the .... band ..... back ?
I meant the unfunnier one .
so Dr . Bird is jerkin ' it and my cat is humping my blankets . Animals ... am I right ! ?
Pffft , I think Hitler owns a Crosby jersey .
What grown-ass man even reads GQ ?
Will you guys please put the Scott Putesky podcast back up due his passing away ? It was so amazing .
Stand 4Freedom starts MONDAY ! We're ready to unite across the world . Will you stand ?
There are 30 million men , women and children trapped in slavery today , more than at any point in history . EndSlavery
There are red flags on the road to an ESEA rewrite :
Just in time for the holidays : tells 12 states to shape up after the 2015 optout push Ti
Come learn more about TenMarks and win a Kindle ! ASCD 16 Booth 603 edtech Atlanta edtechchat
25 Pieces of Advice for New Teachers I Wish Someone Wouldve ToldMe
JUST RELEASED : New math reports published !
can't wait until thanksgiving ! ! !
It's not my job to toughen up to face a cruel and heartless world , it's my job to make the world a little less cruel and heartless .
Things work out for the best for those who make the best out of how things work out .
If something is going wrong in your life , it may mean you need a new environment or new people in your life . You ...
Let life live through you
Just got this OITNB sticker . Check out my 82 other stickers on GetGlue OITNB
Renly is so tired from cheering at every one of Loren's touchdowns . Team Loren ! puppybowl
I forgot to ask ! Where was Jimmy the Muscle ? :( he was missed .
I have a queen reservation at the Ramada Gaslamp 7-23 to 7-28 for $ 1954 . It's thru Hotelplanner but I can figure out transfer !
Check out the Interview with Editor-in-Chief ! BNCGuardians
I'm a convert to cloth pads . These guys are great and you can get a free Color Pantyliner Plus with your first order
Keep thinking about new Renee material and getting really excited , since I always wanted to know the stories left in head .
Interview : and Discuss CONVERGENCE : THE QUESTION
This photo is such torture . I see the white gloves still too , which leads me to believe they're magical white kung fu gloves .
Hope he keeps the tape ! I like the subtle nod touch :)
So long as we play some matches together ! It's a really awesome game , you'll love it .
Getting into a car accident sucks . Red Wings winning tonight eases the suck a little .
Ah yes , the timeless alt rock classic : The Hardest Butt .
Sweatin ' to the oldies ?
Today I greeted my cousin in uniform by saying ' hey , soldier ' . And today I learned you never call a Marine a soldier .
for chance to win LEGO exclusive Minifigure LEGOSDCC SDCC
I'm not a fan of the Bombshells style / statues , but I think I'd still buy one if it were Renee and not weirdly sculpted .
But he's safe . I just can't shake the ' what ifs ' . He's safe , I'm safe . My dad is safe . But for that moment ... I don't even know .
Just keep your gear bag in your car at this point , Bert .
Puck and mini zamboni signed by Al the Octopus ' namesake , Al
Imagine being such an asshole that you make Josh Groban explode
LAST batch of tickets to the party during SDCC will be given away this Thursday . To be eligible , r / t and follow
Do you do quick sketches ? I'd love to bug you for a little Dex quickie !
Do we need to bust out the gay scale ? ! You tease !
Having constant anxiety attacks .
maybe if your front doorknob wasn't broken he wouldn't keep sneaking in
Who isn't Renee Montoya , but just as fun , just as bad with alcohol , and shares excellent taste in women .
Then I propose doing an old school pulp novel-esque cover of vampire Waverly about to bite damsel in
Renee Montoya is double jealous .
wasting the last 2 nights for a text to chill that i never got .. yes , best way to spend my nights .. - __ -
People go back to their ex because they're familiar , but u can't finish a story rereading the same page
Feelings that come back are feelings that never left .
when people purposely try to piss you off . unnecessary , i've got enough shit to deal with right now .
I'm torn between walking away and trying harder .
As you can see , I survived without you .
Don't worry about the people who hate you , worry about the people who love you .
Respect people's feelings . Even if it doesn't mean anything to you , it could mean everything to them .
Why am I here ? I just want to go home already ! now please thisIsGay hate my teacher ..
gonna miss you all next year grads 2013
Mom came home and told me this is my breakfast lunch and dinner .. sick awesome fml soOverThis
by the way loved dinner yesterday :) & amp ; loved your friend ! Needs to happen more often ! please
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday
lol dkm not something you should be proud of ... Hahahahha fio
I don't know the question , but vodka is definitely the answer .
loll why is it that my "" friends "" don't add me to any of their plans ?
I can't focus during the national anthem , I'm too busy checking out the players oops
wooo ! let's go chicago ! hawks playoffs
Me trying to do homework
Someone just asked me if my boobs were real .. dkm yes
Who's watching OpeningCeremony ? Congrats , BigZee ! ! ^ CS
4 and a half hours until freedom .. Cram study session ..
What idiots decided to put windows 7 on the Maca in the computer labs ...
remember real friends are supposed to make u feel good about yourself
Can we just rewind time to 4 years ago .. I miss everything ..
Wishing you a blessed New Year ! ! ! ! ! !
"" Can't wrestle "" ? Do you have eyes ? Consistently the best matches on Raw coming from KANE fan .
just finished a Runtastic ergometer of 8 mi in 29m 59s with Runtastic PRO iPhone app :
just finished a Runtastic aerobics in 50m 00s with Runtastic PRO iPhone app :
just finished a Runtastic sportactivity of 4.69 mi in 1h 44m with Runtastic PRO iPhone app :
just finished a Runtastic strength training in 38m 00s with Runtastic PRO iPhone app :
just finished a Runtastic ergometer of 6.3 mi in 25m 33s with Runtastic PRO iPhone app :
STOP . TALKING . NOW . Who pushes your buttons during a movie ? SeatNeighborTerror
I applied to host a Lumination Glow Stick Markers House Party ! LuminationGlowMarkers Sponsored :
Join SunbeltBakery and keep things simple this season . Sponsored -
Theres no wrong answer ( we love em all ) . Wed just like to know which YOU would cons ... SahaleSnackers sponsored
3 ways to maintain your FreshStarts in 2016 . SunbeltBakery Sponsored -
Secret keeps me fresh when I need it most OutlastXtend SecretCrowd ad
Welchs Refreshingly Simple Juice is great to have with breakfast or with an after school snack . GotItFree SimplyDelicious
What activities in your life would you like to drop ? RicolaCrowd sponsored
Will you be using TIDE PODS as your go-to detergent now ? SmallButPowerful TideThat ad
Raise your shaker cup to this behind the scenes recap of Olympia Weekend ! ONpromo -
: 0 ) Give your child the 1 Kids Gummy Vitamin Brand with a $ 1 LilCritters coupon ad freesample
Cant wait for Mrs . Meyers body wash because it sounds like a great body wash . MrsMeyersCrowd sponsored
What type of eye makeup look do you hope to create with Highliner Matte Gel Eye Crayons ? MJBPartner
Become a BFF for a chance at fresh , new prizes ! Entry SunbeltBakery BakeryFreshFriends -
is perfect for all dogs nutrocrowd sponsored
What new things have you learned about Sargento Natural Cheese Snacks ? ad SargentoCrowd
What are some of your favorite pregnancy tips ? Sweeps GlimmerCommunity
Very proud of LiterallyRightBeforeAaron out now ! ( Warning : if u dont like the teaser below , u prob won't like the movie it
Spoiler Alert ! The dog lives . See Kate Winslet and in The MountainBetweenUs , in theaters Friday .
Welcome to the Greenhouse Aspen Fairchild ! aspenfairchild greenhouseacademy netflix
See if you have what it takes to tackle one of the hardest BigBangTheory quizzes in the universe :
Gotham has a few new guests in town this Thursday .
When it comes to retirement , a backup plan is great ... as long as it's not a restaurant . Don't miss H50 tonight :
It's MusicMonday ! What's your favorite song from NashvilleCMT ?
Trying to be patient for 33 days . ChicagoMed
Is there a dress that Paige doesn't look stunning in ? FamousInLove
It's like watching Mozart live in concert . Catch up on the latest episode of H50 now :
The Blue Team was making mis-steak after mis-steak . Stream HellsKitchen now :
Charlotte's making her return in the only way she knows how . Watch Lucifer Monday at 8/ 7c .
Caption this HellsKitchen moment :
The team must extinguish a massive oil wellhead fire when it threatens a Nigerian village on a new MacGyver this Friday .
Shameless = Showtime . Make it happen , fam . New season this Sunday
YoungSheldon star wants to thank you for watching TV's 1 new comedy ! Stream the latest episode :
Franks high on righting wrongs . Owed an apology from him ? Get one on Shameless
Hey London ( the cute little one in Ontario Canada ) ! Heartland's Jack ( @The_Real_ShaunJ ) will make a special appearance
Good ol Los Angeles ! !
No sign of the hostage . Stream the latest SEALTeam :
Tonight on damnationtv youll have the pleasure to meet the ever so charming Tanner Phillips USANetwork
The reckoning thing didn't end up happening . Gotham
The very definition of flirting ... unless it's ringworm . TheGoodDoctor
At the Heartland season 11 wrap party . From left - producer Dean Bennett , Showrunner Heather Conkie , Executive Producer
My Goodness is funny . Note the Nancy Drew poster ...
Showstoppers , indeed . Congratulations to our marvelous cast and crew of FeudFX for the 6 Critics Choice TV Award Nominations ,
Thank us later for waking you up with this beautiful face . TheFosters
Over at , here's my interview with the super charming about TheOrville
New episodes of TenDaysInTheValley tomorrow at 9 |8 c !
Sure it was brought up in a Production Meeting but 90DayFiance is all CLASS
THIS NEW YEAR'S EVE : Ball drops : 1 Chappelle specials : 2 You do the math .
Never will I ever .... Date someone in the military again
The best feeling ever is being able to trust someone
The older I get the more I realize how little I actually have figured out in my life
lmao . Leeroy . It's my jam ....
If I don't text you back I obviously don't wanna talk to you . Like how is that so difficult to understand ? omgannoyed
She don't just rain , she pours That girl right theres the perfect storm
I love you ! ! It was so good to see you
God has a plan for your life , and no obstacle that comes your way can keep you from it . Keep trusting God & amp ; you will make
Sorry doesn't mean anything if you continue to make the same mistake more than once .
"" Human why you in cage "" - Shark
I have mixed emotions when I am headed to the gym ... vs
Just spent the last 3 hours of my life driving to Oklahoma to look out the window at a campsite with
swipe down to see money rain down on your timeline
You had me from hellloooo .
"" I have found that if you love life , life will love you back ""
"" What if it doesn't work out ? Ah but what if it does ... ""
I live to love and laugh a lot , and thats all I need . - Kenny Chesney
All this time I've been finding myself and I didn't know I was lost
Celine Dion playing in the office
how they treat you is how they feel about you
USPS Tracking : 1 ) Package has left facility 2 ) We have no fucking idea 3 ) Package delivered
It truly is remarkable the way things work out in life .
he kissed her cheek and then she knew that you could become homesick for people too .
Proud to be American Lucky to be Texan . Happy 4th
LETS GO COWBOYS ! ! ! !
ik but you're still tall
whoa that's legit . And now you speak hardly any French . Huh . My dads side is Polish and my moms side is German apparently
Me thinkin about my Internet friends like
\ _ ( ) _ /
This has been a tough choice bc I hate almost every actor .
danger days by my chem , decemberunderground by AFI , a fever you can't sweat out by panic ! , sing the sorrow by AFI & amp ; ur albums
GHOST TOWN . APRIL 21st .
idk who keeps feeding u these lies but u need to escape their evil grasp
k well ill message u when I wake up and we can Skype
the mall ? ? ?
yeah same lol idk maybe voodoo
"" Gong live "" wow
i think someone is playing live music outside somewhere but it sounds like it is coming out of the air vents in my house
My twitter name has been mikaela the vampire for an entire year now lol
idk either way i attract spiders somehow
no but I would love to see Alvin become a poorly adjusted adult . It would make him more relatable
yes ik ! ! ! I need to call u sometime
zayn's new song also known as the song where you can only understand one word
I have like $ 3
im ...... still so far away from being done with everything
wow trying to be me I see
mashed potatoes are near the top of my list of favorite foods OMG
Shout out to the guy in front of the strip club who yelled "" cold beers , beautiful girls "" at me for not being heteronormative lmao
Shoutout to that time I searched "" fresh tops "" on Amazon to look for a brand of food covers and instead a bunch of cool shirts showed up
Hey dawg I eat pretty healthy ... I eat fruits and veggies everyday and only fast food every couple of weeks
Owen Wilson saying , "" wow "" in reverse
Brother ... hogging ... internet ...
I was unsuccessful at beating sonic two ...
We are transmiters and recievers
Getting ready for dustins birthday
I have no idea what to do on my break .
I think I need to change my trailer video because it makes me cringe a little . And I can't keep my schedule ...
I miss your yummy food today ! You need some locations in Chicago ! ! !
lebron is wearing red and white . I wonder of that means anything ? !
muttstrutt 2011 at the Indianapolis speedway . Go :)
I need to get off Pinterest . It makes me wanna do a million things I don't have time for and buy a million things I ...
Hawks ! ( at Chop House & amp ; Pub )
DC bound ( @ Indianapolis International Airport ( IND ) - w / 8 others )
Trump's response : ' I'm winning in all the polls . By a lot . It's yuge . All the polls '
passed act 10 and school choice , also signed right to work , froze UW tuition since he started office .
Cruz actually knows the rules , Trump and his ' incredible team ' don't
BEHOLD the new STANDARD BEARER ! "" In reversal , Trump expresses openness to raising minimum wage "" ToldYaSo
I've seen two puppies this week , thank you based god
might've been joking at first about staying in California but seeing as i'm going back to snow that joke is less funny and more tempting
my goal in life is to be as happy as Mac Miller is in this video
I'm sure I'll make the road trip quite often
you know , it's whatever . feelin good , livin better
plot twist Thomas Rhett is ur husband
..... it was a commercial for finding dory band aids
Dino's 100 % taste better than normal nugs
1 . USA 2 . USA 3 . USA Rio 2016
can u send the money anyway
warms my heart every time someone scores on lundqvist
THE REPORTER AND HIS CHICKEN Ripvine
What a difference two years makes . Snowvember
sundays are for the bills
BellLetsTalk about mental health , depression and suicide . RIP to these three warriors , they will never be forgotten
I hope one day im able to love someone like buffalo people love buffalo
oh , let's not be alone
ever wonder what we coulda been ?
? ? ? ? ? it's june 2nd
hit the game winning bullseye on the first toss in darts last night and i've never felt such an adrenaline high
The whole internet hates Taylor Swift and her new shitty song
Remake Cash Cab but with Uber and shitfaced college students
al pacino in the godfather ugh i melt every time
They play better days . Pominville has Vietnam-like flashbacks to 06-07 . A chip in his brain is activated and he becomes
puedes estar para siempre as , lo sabes , verdad ?
en algo tendr que trabajar la hermana , como actriz no creo que gane ni para pipas y el nombre de la Pe tiene mucho tirn
A ver nias , convencedme que la Palermo estaba guapa de novia noloveo
qu pena de amor ! edredoning TopChef
Super tired . Super ready for bed . Super can't go yet . ihatefinals
It's nice to know you've been missed . :)
Easter is a tough time for eggs :
Word to the wise : don't EVER forget to get your Jimmy John's pickle cut in quarters . It just makes
It must be a requirement for all animals named Max to be ADORABLE . cutie dogsofinstagram
Congratulations , What a glorious celebration of theater kids , what a wholehearted embrace of nerdiness . Than
Let someone know how important they are to you today . They need it .
Anybody knows what is going on in Sams club in Mayaguez ?
aqui lebron james preguntandole a kevin durant cual es el significado de la palabra CLUTCH
I just moved up to level 29 in CSRRacing for iPhone ! You should check it out for FREE !
and what about Shengalia is no more included on the deal ?
Dallas has great deph . Great bench . @RedsArmy_John
Isaiah Thomas this year : 28.2 ppg 6.2 apg 45 % FG 90 % FT 9.9 ppg in the 4th quarter , the most by any player since 199
You need some serious comedic chops to roast an actual roast .
this trait doesn't really fit in with your personality
p sure The Big Sleep could not be any more sexy
Wes Anderson films ranked : Rushmore , Clerks , Clerks 2 , the Brothers McMullen , Solaris ( original ) , Royal Tenenbaums , Specie
JUNGLE FEVER ( 1991 ) | Director of Photography : Ernest Dickerson | Director : Spike Lee | OnePerfectShot
at what point are things too grim to joke about
I had a Chuck Berry Greatest Hits album and every song on it was a club banger
I give my body a ton of water but it just pisses it all away
I wish there were more Seth MacFarlane shows to watch
making everyone in the gamestop more and more furious by casually referring to every system as "" a nintendo ""
no jury in the world would convict
it's not that hard to have female friends and keep your hands to yourself
So Lyly my three year old just gave me a make over with her play make up . I'm scared to look .
Im going to the library tuesday to print out my airline ticket for San Deigo ! Im excited ! I love SD .
My favs are rick , daryl ( hes hot dirty redneck lol ) , merle , carol , maggie and carl . Carls awesome . I hated Shane and Andrea and the Gov .
I know i know its ok for blacks to be racist just not white folks
Ah well too late now . Lol hello coffee .
id love to see Daryl as leader . And im sorry it was hot when he got up in bobs face .
Super mr fix it man ( my little bro ) is helping me put up my new curtians and coming over to celebrate lylys bday
Lorelia is best friends with her cousin Jake already except they have the same mentality bully the other cousins
ha maybe a wooden one when she's older lol
Don't know why can't look it up , but marzipan is a confection made of mainly sugar and almond meal . Mystery solved .
Free margaritas tonight with all the fam hoooray !
EMERGENCY COMING TO HOUSTON ? ? ?
Read the tales of beedle the bard today . Very good .
are you giving up something for lent ?
so grab your things and stumble into the night , so we can shut the door and shut the door on terrible times
Fell twice on ice on the way home . My student insisted on walking me back , bc , as she told me in Ukrainian , "" I'm scared you'll fall again . ""
A grandmother has a cat Murchik he with him played and it was merrily us .
Did you know you can take open containers everywhere in New Orleans ? Its a game changer . Truly filthy .
If people think nature is their friend , then they sure don't need an enemy .
Watch Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy bring the heat in their new red band trailer for The Heat via
Enjoy Chicken Cordon Bleu Party Sandwiches made w / PerdueCrew promotion -
Need a quiche for breakfast , lunch , AND dinner ? This recipe is a must try ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
An amazing new weight loss product ! It worked for me and I didnt even change my diet !
I liked a video ELLEN'S DANCE DARE - JEFFREYFEVER
Girl : Describe me in one word . Boy : Mine .
When I text someone and they dont text me back , I automatically assume that they fainted of excitement . ;)
none of the juniors or sophomore's parents know how to drive . seniorprobs
nike thermal everything on sick days > sowarm socomfy
in desperate need of a new phone . androidprobs
i don't think i woulf be able to survive this class without this table . europeanshoes
"" Can I pee ? ... I mean can I go to the bathroom ? "" uhhh ....
Taylor Swift has been singing about her break-up for like 3 years . getoveritalready
The schools wifi makes life impossible .
I want a pet dragon .
You're surprised you got a 103 % ? whatajoke .
I couldn't find my ugly sweater
I woke up with a fuck you mentality ... aka watch out ! warning
and apparently fix your contacts while going 80 lol
Missing someone who you know doesn't even think about you really sucks .
One of Eminem's songs is in the Despicable Me 2 commercial ! My life = complete . daymade
Dinner with the girls last night . sisterlylove italy funnight Rome
I DON'T NEED A KNIGHT IN SHINING ARMOR A sweet boy in old blue jeans will do just fine .
I hate that empty feeling in your chest when you really miss someone ...
leggings have made me realize how uncomfortable jeans really are
18-1 with Dawson , 4-5 without Dawson ProblemSolved
yes I'll take both please .
Breaking : GameDay is heading to East Lansing for Ohio State vs Michigan State ! GetUp 4GameDay
Found the place where parts of Top Gun was filmed !
WWE LUV ME SOME ORTON
WWE TEAM ORTON N HELL NO WHOOP NO SHIELD NON TALENTED ARSE ! ! ! !
GONE BUT NEVER FORGOTTEN RIP MJJ
BOOM ! Just got today's HardcorePawn sticker . Get yours in the next 0h : 57m . GetGlue HardcorePawn
raw LUV ME SOME ORTON YUM YUM
I'm watching Chicago Cubs at Los Angeles Dodgers on GetGlue
MAN UP BIG SLOW MONEY NOT EVERYTHING MainEvent GetGlue
Just got this limited GetGlue sticker . Get yours now GetGlue HalloweenWeek
Just got today's SouthBeachTow sticker . Get yours in the next 2h : 59m . GetGlue SouthBeachTow
I just got 3 stars on everything on the course Boreal Crag , Beat that ! fairwaysolitaire
I won 2 cups by conquering the Daily Challenge in Fairway Solitaire ! fairwaysolitaire
Wanda running me away SHEEESH SouthBeachTow GetGlue
2010 wow tbt my daughters and I have a blast together ilive 4them myprincesses
Soon as randy orton music comes on she goes cray cray myminniemeeeee smackdownluv
NEED R K O BABEEEEEEEE SmackDown GetGlue
smackdown COME ON ORTON READY 4 AN R K O BABEEEEEEEEE
I just got 3 stars on everything on the course Greenery Castle , Beat that ! fairwaysolitaire
I just hit a Great Shot 28 cards on the Announcement Hills course ! fairwaysolitaire
I just got 3 stars on everything on the course Friendly Ridge , Beat that ! fairwaysolitaire
I just hit a Great Shot 38 cards on the Beaver Hollow course ! fairwaysolitaire
I'm watching WWESmackDown with 56 others on tvtag
Raw beat kane and new age leeches ARSE
I just got 3 stars on everything on the course Sakura Nursery , Beat that ! fairwaysolitaire
Raw ROMAN REIGNS BABEEEE MY LUV BUG
PhotoFrame MY BABY BABY SHOWER
SORRI REIGNS WIN BY DEFAULT I like Reigns , but Ambrose is the next "" Face of the WWE "" . SmackDown SummerSlam
"" @I_AM_DIANNA : West Coast ! ! Are you watching BRING IT ? ? ? ? bringit "" awesome job them babies were robbed
SCRRREAMMMMNNNN HAPPY BDY TO MY NEPHEW HOPE U HAVE A AWESOME DAY . TIA
GAMMAS GAL NOT FEELING WELL
SCRRRRREEEEAAAAMMMMMINNNN ALL DA WAY TO HAWAII TO WISH MY BIG LIl
Please stop acting like Kaine is a fricking Republican . His voting record is almost as liberal as Bernie's . So is Hillary's ,
Anyone can post anything on Wikileaks . That said ( and not a big fan of DWS ) emails by DNC staff written when Bernie was atta
1 . Trump has threatened to destroy the world's most important security institution ( NATO ) and its most important economi
May I add , "" and are failing humanity and our planet . ""
New : FBI thinks Russia was behind the DNC hack . U . S . officials suspect it was an effort to elect Trump .
Cory Booker doesn't reach across the aisle , the aisle moves closer to Cory Booker . DemsInPhilly
Dad behind pro-Trump girls singing group plans to sue campaign via
[Putin] makes a decision and he executes it , quickly . And then everybody reacts . Thats what you call a leader , Rudy Gi
By November , Russian hackers could target voting machines - The Washington Post -
In 1995 Walmart pulled "" Someday a woman will be president "" T-shirt from shelves , saying it offended "" family values . ""
Bullshit ! ! ! Go back to home to your Mommy's basement .
After Khan speech , pocket Constitution becomes best-seller |
No seriously though , does everyone belonging to have traumatic brain injury or Alzheimers ? HillYes ImWithHer
I just told who I think is winning . Cast your vote now ! Debates NBC 4DC
"" Look , we were FINE when he was making dangerous remarks about immigrants , refugees , and black people . But OUR MOTHERS AND
I am SO with her ... ImWithHer
The next president will need to heal divisions , not create themthats why the AZ Republic chose Hillary . StrongerToget
Just watched the vetting process for Syrian refugees on 60Minutes , pretty sure you couldn't pass it .
As Dr . Fletcher with James McAvoy in Split . Release date Jan . 20 . mnightshyamalan
Re : anger within at Comey . I am getting this at the Special Agent , ASAC and SAC level . Those are the troops . ( Most
On Election Day in Philadelphia , you can get a free or ride to the polls to vote : Vote .
Damn , can we get 2016 over with . Although i am not looking forward to 2017 . R . I . P . Carrie Fisher
Let's remember that Collins and Murkowski stood consistent and strong , even as men in their own party threatened to duel
They all deserve to lose with their stupidity . I can't wait for this season to be over .... ugh
Would also love a copy please sir .
Please Do This .. Surviving IrmaHurricane 2017
. @WillAndGrace Review : NBC's Revival Is as Funny as You Hoped , Maybe Funnier
Very under rated . Sure it had some flaws , but I still IMHO my favorite Trek series .
People who are hard GOP'ers don't care if he is pedophile ; as long as he gets into office and votes "" the Christian values ""
The only upside to going to work this early is that the heat isn't unbearable . I wish it would stay like this all day .
.... but she's not wrong ... per se
... I kinda feel like right now . I'm being uncharacteristically cynical about the whole situation .
PennState Spokesman David LaTorre confirmed that the university will make a decision about the Paterno statue in t ...
I need to work on a planned , emotionless response to Penn State questions . Otherwise I run the risk of telling you h ...
We're all still here supporting you ! WEARE ! "" @D_Pryor85 : What a week man ... ""
I'm about to go check out this Public Enemy concert after I get out of this meeting . Seeing I'm like , three blocks away .
you mean most of your family can't swim . My family is very water mobile lol
Well you tell cancer , I'm lookin for him . And when I find him , I'm shoot him in the face . Twice .
LRT I wonder if big baby showed them what it is lol
well in that case , I'm coming over before your meeting .
Need to realign my priorities . I'm acting like I don't know what can wait
A black & amp ; pink S-Zone will stand out against a whiteout this Saturday at Penn State's Homecoming game vs . Northw ...
Just hands down one of the most beautiful women I've ever had the pleasure of meeting .
Real quick , gotta shout out my man Hope you enjoy your birthday .
this movie is doing the absolute most . It would have had me doing even more than usual .
We're already back inside state lines . Making good time I think .
Just copped my tickets to see when he comes to PSU in April . FloorSeatsBaby
"" Let's talk about sex baby . Let's talk about you and me "" soc 119 OnTheHotline ItApplies
Andrew Garfield on Doctor Who ? Classy .
I keep trying to think of a clever way to respond to this . But nothing's coming to me . But believe it's not as bad as it sounds
Real talk ? How legit must your resume and interview be that you say you can only work 2 days a week and still get hired .
Maybe we will see meaningful tax reform in my lifetime . I hope I get the opportunity to be a part of it .
bottom line is , you can do three without overdoing it . So pick your three wisely lol
LT I don't pop Molly OR rock Tom Ford , but I'll see what the man has to say about grooming .
' Did they run out of people , or run out of music ' NewYearsAtChurchProblems
I love how they conveniently just happened to forget that cheerleader blood could've pulled a Lazarus . Heroes FrigginDeusExMachina
I was bout to have a fit .
"" Disconcerting Signals "" I've never heard of that call in my life . PSUvsArmy
It's litty titties . I'ma be in there asap !
Green is the world's second favorite color . if you think green beats out all other colors ! BlackGreenBling
i have about 8 boxes of printer toner for a ricoh c500
Awe , :-) Good . YW lol . Oh its the little things in life that count hun
Tweet w / HaloWeek to win Halo 4 Soundtrack Vol . 2 ( M ) ! Cant wait ? Copy / paste to buy . ...
In about to just start my own team and start from there . Where the fa's at ?
This has and , unfortunately , will always be the way CoD is . No one understands "" team "" games and how important that "" ...
WithoutXboxLive you're going to be on twitter a lot more so this and lets get it trending okay ?
Kissing someone is more sanitary than shaking hands with them .
Why don't you and get in on the 20G AM Tourny .. lol
Today is your last day to retweet this post to win one of these sweet Monster Hunter figures !
FREE XBOX LIVE 800 POINTS CODE ! Retweet this Tweet before 11PM & amp ; a random Retweeter will be selected for the free code !
Haha winky face , winky face . Then what do these say :-P = - O : - * O :-) : - $ :-X .... oh my
hot bubble bath w / epsom ( sp ? ) salts
You may feel as invincible as a super-hero today , but your sec ... More for Aquarius
Mean everything you say , but you gotta show / prove it for it to be real . Words are real soft in this world .
Welcome to the Gun Show ! Are those things registered ?
would a baby Koala due ?
lmao .. had a feeling you would say that
You're determined to reach your goals but a series of distract ... More for Aquarius
Although you could get quite excited by the prospect of enjoyi ... More for Aquarius
You may feel disoriented today from your deepening emotions , b ... More for Aquarius
Although you may sound quite brilliant today , your innovative ... More for Aquarius
Your instinctual attachment to objects of beauty could land yo ... More for Aquarius
You could be going through all the correct motions now , yet yo ... More for Aquarius
Indulging in fantasies today motivates you to reach beyond you ... More for Aquarius
Don't think it works ? Here is some of my activity . $ 130 FREE
Play Sweeps instantwingame for a chance to win ! dailyentry via
Play Sweeps instantwingame for a chance to win ! dailyentry via
It may be to counter the coverage Danica's sponsors will get tonight . Haha
love the number fonts for next year
I wonder if they tried to pay Landon with them
"" Jimmy Spencer never forgets . "" emergency jive sperm front
My Random Number Fantasy Racing pick for the next race is 11 .
My Random Fantasy Racing pick for Daytona Clash is 88 .
So excited ! I'll see you July 5th ( Milwaukee ) - Let me know if you need a makeup artist , i'm available !
Thanks for the follow :) Were you at the game tonight ? It was a good one ! My first sober game in a long , long time-but had fun !
Upset over Dr . appt-got more medicine thrown at me , no hope for disability in the near future-must exhaust all other options first
Hoping to finish reading "" The Host "" tonight . A great read ! It's by the same author as the Twilight series but seems a little more mature
Alright , I give up ... going to try and get some rest . G'nite all ! Hoping tomorrow will be a better day .
I watched the first episode but that family scares the crap out of me ! Sorry Brad !
At Brewers Opening Day ... the only word to describe this is CHAOS
I am an idiot . Husband just reminded me that the Brewers were not playing at home therefore Bernie Brewer did not go down any slides , oops .
Can't wait , have it set to record on the dvr :)
There is a very old lady sitting in the waiting room at the pain clinic who has neon green sneakers on , so cute !
back to work , back to reality
Can't believe I just saw someone prostituitng out of the New Berlin Starbucks-please call the police immediately if you see this happening !
There isn't much better than the feeling of clean , moisturized skin on a fresh pillowcase :) now if only I could sleep ...
Not only is it ok to , but its your RIGHT to have only the best in your life . But its up to you to choose it . TDL WorthIt
Hmm my last two tweets tweeted backwards ...
Wow ! That's awesome ! Good luck ! iamsonotarunner
Watching last night's Glee , it's just about flawless :) gleek
My amazing $ 7 purchase today ( after giftcard ) my new shoes and Coach wallet :)
I was wondering the same thing ...
Since you are officially more successful than Brad ( & better looking ) , can you please replace him for the Appleton , WI show ? :)
Enter now for a chance to win the Giveaway !
Happy Friday Pixis ! We're giving away our Sheer Cheek Gel in Peachyfollow & amp ; for a chance to win !
plot twist : Miley comes out for her AMA performance and sings a Hannah Montana song
The last 4 years have went by so fast , haven't they ? I can't believe BeingHuman ends tonight . 4 of the best years ever .
Kumail Nanjiani front row ! ! ( @ Turner Hall Ballroom - w / 7 others )
Also , I would love to be the third wheel in your and friendship . You two are hilarious
Thankful to get this album via preorder from could not have waited until February ! StephenKellogg SouthWestNorthEast
looks like my rescue , Ophelia :) vet thinks there's some siamese in her because she's so "" talkative ""
Theoretically , I think Obama would be their priority since he's still in office
GiraffeWatch 2017 Day 13 . Baby giraffe has decided to grow up and raise it's own family inside of it's mother .
"" Catastrophic weather anomalies caused by climate change are pummeling us repeatedly . What do we do ? "" "" Deport the immigrants . ""
look into my eyes / it's where my demons hide / don't get to close / it's dark inside / it's where my demons hide weallhaveourdemons
maddenproam I need a copy of the new Madden ! !
Someday you'll need me the way I needed you .
When a Libra is happy , they put in the effort for everyone around them to be happy too .
i love how my dad alerts me that jack johnson is on tv dadoftheyear
my iphone is a land mine when trying to shut off my alarm , just opened a game of temple run and tried to call twitter in the process .
it's basically antarctica outside yet people feel the need to open all windows and doors goaway
it worries me that people in this world that are voting havent watched one single debate and know nothing about the other ...
i was just asked to be in a picture by people i don't know whoareyou
all i feel is love
you're ahead of the curve . play solitaire , that's a one person game .
happy birthday to my hubby forevermyphonebackground
we should meet up later for dinner or something !
OMG ! gang green days
Looks like we're stuck at 91 % . Wanna try an experiment ? this & amp ; get all your friends to as well . 6thFan BRYANT
Crushin ' on the win to EliteEight Bryant 6thFan
Lions don't lose sleep over the opinions of sheep
i was just saying that sarah doesn't like her food too soft ...
tonight's ep is NSFW . got it . not your typical demure , ladylike episode of Workaholics
Happy St . Joseph's Day
didn't even know they were making a movie about brian wilson and now i am way too excited
you two are meant to be
everyone needs a in their life
Try to tell me miracles don't exist . I dare you .
i could save so much money if i stopped buying iced coffees but then i'd be dead
Another year , another ugly composite tsm
I earned the Opening Week sticker on
I unlocked the Torchwood : Miracle Day : The Categories of Life sticker on
Went to get a new friend for Astrid and left with 2 ! :)
nah when u love someone u really only tryna fuck them
When he shows you instead of telling you
Wake up , try to solve your own murder , fail , wake up , try again .
News : There's a hurricane coming Floridians : no worries News : It's a category 5 Floridians :
what's the problem with that ?
yalllllllll im tired of irmas games and inaccurate routes
Irma took Bahamas ocean to Miami
iPhone iPhone 3G iPhone 3GS iPhone 4 iPhone 4S iPhone 5 iPhone 5S iPhone 6 iPhone 6S iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iPhone X iPhone XO
i luv having my hands and toes done
Y me importan 0 .
Hold the fuck up you might've did something ...
my next man gon have hella clouttt
Was he a point guard ?
y el novio ? season on the steady come up ...
Approximately 68 % of niggas outside after 3 AM are committing felonies .
father forgive me ... for I am back on my Gang Shit
When ur bf calls u ur name instead of babe
"" We used to talk "" first of all , I never even had your number saved .
lol you really stood there for a whole year
first the store , the lashes , and he used your number ? idc what anyone says but this , THIS is love
19 . is that a chicken ? ! ? !
Every . Single . Time
if i had this body i honestly wouldn't know how to act i'm glad god humbled me and shaped me as a fridge
not 1 lil uzi shoulder roll in tht infinity war trailer n yall hyped to see it could not be me
Bringing this gem back because its cold as shit
i love finsta its like hey i literally have never met you irl but i have practically seen your nudes , i know youve had 3
Im thinking of starting a blog .. humm .. i have the perfect topic .. servershit toomuch
7 days until christmas ! ! I feel like the "" who "" in the grinch yelling out how much time is left ! ! goodday addictedtochristmas
Good morning ! I can't believe there is more snow ... please stop ... lol overit nomoresnow
joinmetoday messageme itworks youcandoit dreambig becrazy love life money bonus lifegoals dontmissthis
Where do you want be ? striveforgreatness liveforyou rank whereareyou livebig messageme
One more day to get your BOGO WRAPS ! thsts 8 wraps for $ 59 ! ! message me for details ..
My new phone case ! ! A very special Christmas gift for me ! ! ! ! twomoms phone christmas
Teeth whitening strips are used to WHITEN your teeth . Not to brush . Not to clean . They are used
Happy Tuesday ! I'm incredibly thankful for the opportunities in my life ... I say thank you
Oh myyy . The satire is strong with this one .
Sign to tell Democrats : Hold the line against Republican government shutdown threats via p2
I signed . How about you ?
Please RT . This sounds like FUN !
In such a dangerous world , frightening to have a leader who is learning on the job and trusts Fox News more than his intel
Chaffetz , Cummings seek answers from Trump on his business ' profits from foreign governments via
But he still hasn't explained to Anita Hill why he didn't call other witnesses in the sexual harassment hearing . Ho
More people than Trump's inauguration .
Just what we need , right ?
I'll have a bowl of Kitty-O's , please .
Cats help . When my partner died , I came home from hospice & amp ; cried myself to sleep . Our cats laid on either side of
Please don't release balloons . I know you're trying to help , but animals choke on them .
"" No , this is not Downward Dog . It's a new yoga move called Kitty Headstand . ""
Were you brave enough to go in and find out ?
Please RT . One of the missing has been found .
What ? No photo of a poor ET in handcuffs & amp ; the UFO being towed away ?
My friend just made a onsie and a hoodie for a new little Cubbie fan .
Stopped by the Child Vicitm Identification Lab & amp ; bought an awesome NCMEC Hope gear childprotection CACC 2017
Sad that we have enough money to keep this war going , but those who are injured come home to no healthcare .
Just updated my blog .
"" He who controls others may be powerful , but he who has mastered himself is mightier still . "" - - Lao Tzu , Tao te Ching
What kind of drill bit , because I just can't drill through a spoon or fork .
. @realDonaldTrump - do your job .
The Texas AG wants more armed parishoners in churches !
"" Luke , I am your Porg . ""
RIP TamirRice . You should be off from school , celebrating your Thanksgiving right now . Instead we're sending prayers .
The creepiest thing is the mistletoe . Bet 45 is stocking up on Tic-Tac .
Oh , wow ! Two favorites !
The GOP must think we're stupid and won't remember that they didn't want NetNeutrality .
It appears the hashtag corkerkickback is starting to trend . Heres the story at the heart of it please retweet to sprea
When my absolute favorite ref is at my brothers regions > > > > goodluckry
NHL NJD - Devils G Martin Brodeur ( back ) will back up Johan Hedberg on Tues . vs . Rangers after 12 - game absence
And we're off ! ! ! ! !
Wasn't it beautiful when you believed in everything and everybody believed in you
you're not winning anymore now are you ?
oh well I give up
Today's the day ! The NHL 14 Cover WILL BE released . 6 P . M . for Brodeur Fav for Bobrovsky
So we did what we did and we tried to forget , And we swore up and down there would be no regrets . TimMcGraw
This lit book is impossible to read .
If I knew then what I know now , I would've done things differently .
Maybe we got lost in translation , maybe I asked for too much , or maybe this thing was a masterpiece ' till you tore it all
Good luck to my best friend at her 1st swim meet of the season tonight
My favorite gift , rest in peace Aunt Ida I love you
Abandoned rollercoaster in the ocean Jet Star
Looking at cruises with mama
I really want to go to the Kentucky Derby
BCP : WRE - Bergen Catholic's Johnny Sebastian in 182 - pound state final . Won 3rd straight state title w / torn labrum in arm
my classes got canceled for tomorrow
So casually cruel in the name of being honest .
she's my roommate . Not yours .
Greys just started and I'm already crying
its not that im shy or quiet .. im just always thinking
right i was gonna say the same lol we should def change that sometime soon
Domino's Pizza Turn up ! ad
and what do you know Eli's already 2 picks in smh NYGvsCHI
Start the New Year Off with Some Sweet ( Free ! ) Games with Gold
Your friends think you would benefit from some relaxation toda ... More for Capricorn
I hope I win an iTunes or Google Play gift card from the bignoizapp - check it out !
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation 4 ! PS4live ( Diablo III : Reaper of Souls Ultimate Evil Edition live at
Homeland Security Releases Plans in Advance of Possible Shutdown
Your passion about a new project motivates you to work harder ... More for Capricorn
Marked Hikaru HITACHIIN as Loved - animeplanet
Watching High School DxD BorN at 6/12 eps - animeplanet
T F : Age Of Extinction
I just helped save the Sumatran rainforest ! through It's easy , fun , & amp ; free !
Click here to support Christopher Chester by Kathryn Saffie
There's not much that can constrain you today , because you can ... More for Capricorn
A personal relationship may grow more stressful today , especia ... More for Capricorn
I'm now ranked Dedicated ( top 40 % ) in Black Desert on Raptr !
I joined the closed beta for the upcoming MMORPG , Riders of Icarus . Sign up and play with me ! MountUp PlayIcarus
You may feel underappreciated by someone close to you today . N ... More for Capricorn
Although there are numerous forks in the road , you have a one - ... More for Capricorn
One thing after another is being added to your plate , and you ' ... More for Capricorn
Your inherent discipline makes it nearly impossible to accept ... More for Capricorn
You don't want to be so serious today , even if there are heavy ... More for Capricorn
Get a $ 10 Lifeline discount ! : You may be eligible for a $ 10 discount on any of our plans with a Lifeline discount .
You are like a four-star general on the battlefield of busines ... More for Capricorn
Playing With Words : An Interview with Ralph Fletcher
Have you used this app ? Would it also work for walking on a treadmill ?
Should Elementary School Teachers Become Single-Subject Specialists ? via ele ...
I just got a new referral at
Answer to the question is Terrence Edwards @GPBsports
My opinion matters on MyView !
I just snagged a free $ 15 Gift Card from the Swag Store at
I just snagged a free $ 5 Gift Card from the Swag Store at
4 signs you need to take a mental health day
I just snagged a free $ 25 Gift Card from the Swag Store at
If Liverpool win the Europa League will they throw another star on that shirt ?
fighting racism = cool Homophobic reference = not cool Try again
GOAL ! Hazard heads home ! CFCLive
when will the prime minister be making his statement ? campaign
Mourinho will finish this season having won the premier league with no Manager of The Month award . E
As a former fan I will not celebrate him getting nutmegged twice leading to goals karma cfc
Group of Chelsea fans play prank on Arsenal via
Nigel Pearson may be a little weird , slightly arrogant and a tad patronising , but , quite frankly , who gives a fuck ? What a
Congratulations Jose Mourinho & amp ; Chelsea . You loathsome bunch of ruthless , disagreeable , arrogant , boring , whining , bus-par
cpfc fans have not come to Anfield to pay homage . Have you ever seen Gerrard win the league ? "" they chant .
Chelsea will lose / draw all they remaining games an will win the league . Don't at me
Thank you to all the fans cheering me on and watching around the world , hope you all enjoyed the fight
If Bin Laden was white . LastRT
Good morning from Stamford Bridge . Feeling confident for CFCvAFC ? Wenger 1000
Donald Trump just outlined his health care plan live on "" Repeal and replace with something terrific . ""
Pedro's last trophy for a while
At this rate Rangers will be back in the group stages before Celtic
About a dozen Arsenal fans singing about Auschwitz bang in the middle of police escort . Police ignore it ...
Bride surprises groom at wedding with Champions League song !
Has Gary sacked Phil yet ?
Finally in boxing history British fighters are starting to take over WORLD boxing . Who's your P4P active number 1 ?
they have have a natch in Kiev three days later
Why Arsenal are the worst fan base in the world thread :
Wow what an attacking line up ! Kenedy , Fabregas , Pedro , Willian , Hazard and Costa all start ! therewillbegoals cfc
Since Wenger last won the league , Ranieri was sacked by CFC waited 12 years , came back & amp ; is about to win the league w
Can't be under FBI investigation if there's no FBI Director .
Morata is scoring goals on the pitch & amp ; producing babies off it . While Lukaku is gifting goals to his opponent & amp ; throwin
Donald Trump is perfect to fix the Economy and the housing market and bring americans more jobs . And to give the stock market a surge .
Warning to all Candidates the Presidential race is over with
Climate Change Really Are You Kidding Me Barack Obama
Barack Obama Approves Keystone Light Pipeline
Cruz And Rubio Have Cuban Parents From Cuba And Have Anti Immigration Policys
Robot Suitcase follows you around Found on Adme - The lockscreen that pays you :
Pepperoni is my favorite pizza topping cause it brings out the Italian taste . #TheTopToppingBzz & amp ; #BiteSizedBzz .
All this time , I've been writing streaming MapReduce jobs without this . How lame is that ? kudos to
Curled my hair & brushed my teeth at the same time this AM . Clearly a sign I have too much going on today , also Im apparently very talented .
OH MY GOODNESS . This did NOT just happen to you , did it ? ? ?
I will pay someone a whole dolla bill to bring coffee to the library . Also I will pay you in friendship . And maybe even Trident Layers .
Fishtailing in the Bethel bus . LivinInTheTerrace ImmaDie .
Apparently I'm the kind of girl who camps out in front of the library before it opens . Good thing I found a desk .
I think I can manage . Bring it to the Terrace sometime .
Slackers HateYouBoth . But actually not Pat . Because it's his birthday and is probably doing grown up things .
Cups of coffee drank today > number of hours slept last night . This explains a lot .
Just heard a guy making kissy noises to his girlfriend on the phone at target . PukeInMyMouth . Not the time or place , buddy . Ever .
Senior year : where laptops go to die .
Someone needs to tell it's 2 degrees out .
Got poked in the eye and now everyone at Applebees thinks I'm winking at them . No . Not that thirsty . Thanks though .
come over tonight and go out with us now that you're a grown up !
So apparently we fest is a thing and i are doing this summer
Happy Birthday to my twins , Amanda and Jared . Wow , the big 13 today . Officially teenagers , I can't believe it .
I earned Bronze achievement ' ' Sky Pioneer ' ' in My Railway HD for iPad ! Jealous yet ? ipadgames gameinsight
I entered to win a trip for 4 to see Carrie Underwood in San Diego ( an awesome Giveaway ! )
I managed to finish the Ghost catchers assignment ! Try it for yourself ! iPad iPadGames GameInsight
Tablet-a-day Giveaway by Win an iPad , iPad mini , Microsoft Surface , Kindle Fire HD , or a Nexus 10
StuffStuff > Campaigns > Review
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Mens Gender Reveal Party Shirt I Wa ... "" by Gender Reveal Par .... giveaway
and this is why you live half an hour away from me tf stay in fort worth
Bitches come and go bruh but a bitch wit real eyebrows is forever
ogx moroccan argan oil shampoo rn but i change it up often lmfaaao
knew it was too good to be true smh
idfwu if you believe rumors lol stay tf away from me
u know i was down 4u
why would u even ask me for relationship advice
last full day of school
She wanna Talk about Politics
you try to act like its jus me but i am not alone
21 savage's snapchat story got me dead af lmfao
young thug til i fall asleep
taking naps are all fun n all til you can't fall asleep at night
catch me at gaylord texan tonight w my face beat ! !
ride w me ya you wish you could now
bitch ! ! ! ! worry about yourself ! ! ! !
time to make them hate us some more .
fuck zendaya looks so beautiful
i love how twitter recommends me to follow the exact people i would never want to associate w lmao
why is my mom blasting nepali music this early
HER : Y u didn't tex me back ME : that eclipse shit fucked up my eye I can't see no tex messages ..
me : someone w clear skin : honestly just wash your face n drink lots of water
nothing but respect for MY president
3,500 , 000 Members Pay You Money . Join FREE today !
Sing in and start making money !
Free Cash ? These 16 Companies Will Give You $ 1,715
Less than 300 premium referrals left ! Log in and click ' Referrals > Rent Referrals ' to buy ! Don't miss out !
ClixSense - Get paid from tasks , surveys offers !
Like WordLinx ? Like us on Facebook ! Less than 20 Likes away from 7,500 !
PTCpad - Promote all your programs with one page !
ClixSense - Get paid from tasks , surveys offers !
Traffic Monsoon - Get Paid Hourly ! Join Free !
The women of the Supreme Court are now awesome LEGOS , thanks to
Like WordLinx ? Like us on Facebook and join nearly 8,000 other people ! -
July 2013 Payments being processed : Peer payments for July 2013 payments were submitted in early August . It usually take
Traffic Monsoon - Get Paid Hourly ! Join Free !
Want to WIN $ 10.00 USD ? Just follow us and retweet ! New winner picked every Wednesday ! contest pri
Project Payday - Realistic extra income !
Get paid to view adverts ! Earn more by sharing them on social networks ! Join WordLinx today - it's free !
Will you be one of our five $ 10.00 USD winners today ? Follow us and retweet to find out ! competition
Remove Credits page updated . Now removes all credits including traffic exchange credits and redirects correctly .
SGP : American 2nd Declaration of Causes ( w / Table of Contents ) Politics Millennia
Like WordLinx ? Like us on Facebook and join over 8,000 other people ! -
Webmasters ! Earn money with new referral banners !
Turn $ 100 Into $ 1950 Over And Over !
A Must To Earn ! !
Tried our advertising yet ? 5,000 geo-targeted website visitors for just $ 10 ! Safe and secure payments via PayPal .
WIN $ 10.00 USD ! Follow us and retweet our messages ! New winner weekly ! Details - competition conte
NEW quick start ! Enter your email address and begin earning right away ! Try it today - it's free ! Visit
GET PAID to share links , play games , watch videos and more ! Sign up in seconds - it's FREE ! cash mo
I've just earned $ 0.29 for completing a survey at
When you only get 3 hours of sleep because you decided to stay up all night on Twitter ...
I hate when I'm staring at nothing in particular , and then I realize I'm staring at someone ...
Attention : I am an apocalypse survivor . Is there anybody out there ? I repeat , I am a survivor , is there anybody out ...
All I say at school
it's fuckin hilarious tho !
"" How's your summer going ? ""
I actually decided I'm done w / the iphone . Next year when my contract is up I'm switching to Kieler's plan & getting a droid
you know its really not all that bad if you know how to use it ... you do have to be creative sometimes though
Pan seared halibut w / a citrus cream & basil sauce w / a side of rice medly . Deliscious ! Thanks
shut up ! I was excited about it . It was like I was in a bleached version of our bathroom only I was really in a russian bar
get the pad sei ew ( that is probably not the correct spelling ) but its delicious !
Goonies Never Say Die ! First time watching this movie since I was 18 and realized that the recurring dream I've had my entire life was based
I'm at Hermosa Beach - The Strand ( Los Angeles ) .
( @ Fritto Misto Italian Cafe - Hermosa )
Rayna & Shiloh are our kittens of the week . If you can resist their cuteness , you have no soul . ...
It's cold . I want to be at home under a blanket .
I'm at Suffolk Law School ( 120 Tremont st , Boston ) w / 3 others .
Drinking golf today . It's going to be a long one ... ( @ Barnacles Bar and Grill )
I just unlocked the "" Baggage Handler "" badge on
I do not like my garage ... almost knocked my mirror off today ... it's still intact but its missing some paint on the side now :/
I'm at Tap Room w /
My iPad is amazing ! ! ! ! I luff it very much :D
It's really awesome that I got cs5 at work today but really not awesome that illustrator insists on freezing repeatedly .
Hipster central ! Everyone has pbr cans ! ! ! Ahhhhh ( @ Bob and Barbara's Cocktail Lounge w / 2 others )
Random ducks in the albertson's parking lot .
I'm at Bluewater Grill ( 665 N . Harbor Dr , Redondo Beach )
Is this your reason too ? ? :P
Pa . To Allow Wine Shipments To Homes : The Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board says people can now have wine and li ... htt ...
How Many Marriages Has Gay Marriage Ruined
Someone besides Kieler noticed that I've lost weight . I feel awesome :)
I just earned the ' Untappd 2nd Anniversary ' badge on ut2nd
Sometimes I feel like I work w / a bunch of middle school girls . I thought I quit teaching . Some people never grow up and I want to slap them .
Art is everywhere . Remember to look .
Luna was hugging my belly
I just earned the ' Gourd to the Last Drop ' badge on
we need someone with experience ! Vote no to DeVos !
My heart just sank , I really thought Mort was doing better .
I'll have to check that out , the old days are gone .
Beautiful snipe by ROR ! !
Keuchel's beard is "" well manicured ? "" Maybe in a Duck Dynasty sort of way . WorldSeries
LOL ......... I'm usually not , but this game - - just can't turn it off !
Biden Hands Out Loose GT Cola Can To Unexpected Trick-Or-Treater
How is there controversy over Papa Johns pizza ? I thought there was bipartisan agreement that it's disgusting .
Theres just some stuff you cant unsee .
He needs to be fired before this day is over .
Jesus H . Christ , you are a jackass douche-canoe .
Last RT : ( Hockey RT ) Please take 30 seconds and watch that video , then reflect . Things could always be so much worse .
I would literally cry !
Nice pass and catch ! ! ! NYGiants
Why does God hate us ? ? GoBills OneBuffalo
12:30 PM , Dallas time , today 1963 : Altgens
TRUST ME DO NOT GO TO THAT MEETING
LOL ........ how do you miss a throw like that ? BUFvsKC
Wow cant believe Tom Brady lost 2 Super Bowls to someone who got benched for Geno Smith
What's there to pick ? He wasn't privy . Bills
me drinking the haters ' tears
Am I losing my mind or is the Twitter feed ahead of the telecast on CBS ? BUFvsIND GoBills
He would have , if they would have at least try to be competitive . Can't blame them for bailing , either .
Money certainly can talk - - but I do have concerns about his volatility ........
Juan Nicasio signs a two-year , $ 17 million contract with the Seattle Mariners .
Seahawks ' Malik McDowell during arrest : "" Bitch , I got lawyer money . ""
I just tried drowning a spider with my Rockstar energy drink and now he's wearing a neon green tank top and bench pressing m
If its any consolation , the nine quintillion other universes I oversee are all going to shit too .
There's no such thing as a stupid question ~ Blondes
"" Felicity "" changed nights & amp ; gave Keri the worst hair ever & amp ; got canned . "" The Big Bang Theory "" might have the same fate . Gee thanks , Kaley .
Every review of Linkin Park says they're the only ones who survived the nu-metal rock implosion . They deserve respect for still being great .
Halloween is a day , not a month , you freaks .
catmovies Nothing But Sleep In Seattle
rejectedsnlcharacters Mr . Pat Robinson's Neighborhood ( you learn everything you do is evil )
"" ALF "" was not that funny , but still way better then "" Two And A Half Men "" . Plus more threatening to eat cats . Getting rid of cats = great .
When there's so much shit on the radio ( cough , Iggy Azalea , cough ) , thank God people will let Hozier have a smart success .
makeamoviesmarter The Kyphoscoliosis Sufferer of Notre Dame
toughguyromcoms Silver Linings Playbook of Deadly Martial Arts Techniques
becauseidied I'll never see humanity learn the Mayan calendar was mistaken by exactly 3 years .
When Google Chrome shuts down on me , it says on screen "" He's dead , Jim ! "" . THAT IS NOT FUNNY TODAY ! RIPSpock RIPLeonardNimoy
Maybe Detective Bullock can solve the mystery as to why Power Rangers has always had that lightning bolt logo for no good reason .
"" Your whiskers are getting long . "" "" My WHAT ? "" "" Whiskers . Your beard . "" "" Oh . Sorry . I had no idea you use terms from your youth 175 years ago . ""
[ takes daughter to minions movie ] these Pokemon fucking suck
Whenever I'm in line at the self-checkout , women shamelessly jump in front of me . Men wait their turn . Think about that , "" fairer sex "" .
The song "" New Year's Day "" sucks . Switchfoot was amazing , now Jon hasn't made anything good since he started cutting his hair . Samson effect .
When I think of doing something wrong , I hear Birdman's voice going "" You know I'm right . "" encouraging me that I am right . That's a bad sign .
fact Maine's coastline is only 228 miles north to south , but it's so jagged , it's actually 3,478 miles of coastline ! Thanks , ice ages .
My unconditional love of Jon Foreman prevents me from complaining about him liking Chad Butler - who is by FAR the weakest Switchfoot member
Nobody knows how bumblebees can support their weight flying . lies They fly like helicopters . Thin wings flapping super hard does it .
powerrangers Antonio keeps dropping Spanish , Tyler is Hispanic but never uses Spanish . Discuss . Did nobody respond well to Antonio ?
People who never shut up never have one interesting thing to say . Freddy Prinze Jr . is the exception to the rule - he's always entertaining .
Being genuine with people , being exactly who I say I am , really freaks them out . It's one of my best tricks .
The last few days have been so cruel to me , it feels like God's wrath deserved for United Airlines hit me unfairly instead .
Sharks eat more people than potatoes do .
Nexplanon - let's insert this thing into your arm . If you can't feel it something went wrong . This description is horrifying ! Not worth it !
Every year at least one NFL team is a giant failure . This year it's the Browns . God , I miss Leno . He would devote t
AKC DALMATIAN PUPPIES for sale
2 black Great Dane female puppies for sale ! ! !
Chihuahua mix pup for sale
AKC Yorkie puppies aailable as valentines presents
War Ages & amp ; #8211 ; Legend of Kings Hack & amp ; #8211 ; Cheat Codes s
I've decided not to go out tonight now & amp ; instead I'm going to watch XFactor & amp ; eat pizza , because I'm awesome & amp ; cool
no one can deny that Never Ever wasn't a TUNE , we all know the words
I woke up like this flawless
Nice one Louis , just ruined the poor fellas life again . What a shocker . XFactor 2014
Oh man ! Forgot about that , dammit
Just testing the cocktails for the Christmas party guys ! hardlife
I was promised GeorgeClooney in DowntonAbbey , what's that about ? !
New ! Use Direct Messages to speak privately with a group of up to 20 people . Share Tweets , show emoji & amp ; be yourself .
We also look a bit naked
This happened . Hangover shopping to the extreme with
Well thanks very much friend Decided it was time to up my selfie game
my own personal desk garden it's like being outside
I mean , all of this is just brilliant
Had all the fun & amp ; all the vodka in beautiful Chester this weekend . Danced in the rain , spoke to strangers & amp ; loled until I cried . Sad to leave .
I thought we agreed grime was a strictly an after lunch genre ? ! Up for 10am Dre though
Sad to be missing PoweredByTweets this week . Some fantastic ideas , especially putredback
But never fear , Jamie is in love again * yawn * MIC
Now I'm a 4thImpact fan , but no . Just no XFactor
Will my converse work ?
You're so good to me Jillers
Amazing birthday extension thanks to So lucky to work with such great lads
Have we tried unplugging 2016 waiting ten seconds and plugging it back in ?
Did everybody hate the girl in the adidas top ? ! Brutal
Remember that time I dressed as a present Mezza Chrizza Everyone
Fav for calling flowers lads
One of my favourite people is leaving today Ill miss you And yes , that is a Ja Rul
I wonder what year this was ?
I hadn't thought of this angle but a good one .
It feels weird to put socks on ...
can you give me some pointers for starting a website ? ? :)
If you don't like it that's okay , but you are the first person I've talked to that didn't :P
>.< But if I did it would be boring w / no cam and I'd sound awful . That doesn't sound like fun for anyone XD
I just unfollow ppl's posts that say dumb shit . Like , I care about you and want to stay in touch but DAMN man you stupid . XD
Sounds like a lot of fun though ! :D At least if romcoms are any indication XD
I have one but I never use it >.< I just don't plan enough or make time in the morning to assemble .
me too ! ! ! :D I have all of it on DVD . I've always been a Tamahome fan girl :P
Well what about making me feel good for going ? :)
Aw that makes me feel special ^.^ Well now they can see . Just a rough week . No energy for strims , just sleep lol
Planning on continuing our shenanigans in AWESOME RPG land for Don't Starve tonight :D I hope to see you cuties there
YAY I'm the second in command at a gym by my work ! \ o / Got it level 5 even though some broad pulled up and was trying to take it . HA !
I tried but I'm just bad :'(
This game is AMAZING ! Keep a lookout for it next year on PS4 . You won't regret it .
Last day of TwitchCon ! Got some much needed sleep and about to be off to enjoy the last legs of this trip
LMAO eatin squash in the dark . Gordon Ramsey ain't got NUTHIIIIIN
OVER SHARING Doc ! XD XD I can't stop laughing right now . I was not ready
I'm glad you liked it :D
Live now ! Don't Starve ROG So much mastery dominate awesome at the end of 2 DS years ! Join me at
Congratulations guys ! Your game was wicked cool & amp ; adorable to boot ! Can't wa
Confirmed from game devs : I am an animator ! \ o / \ o / \ o / Totally gonna link to that chest on my resume :P
It really is ! I've been enjoying it a lot ! The new update is really something .
BATMAN - Telltale Series Ep 2 Spicy shenanigans ! ?
Choice paralysis with games is so real >.< It's crippling !
If you're looking for retro titles , try talking to my buddy here who has some to sell !
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand the forecast says it's going to be 106 until like 9PM ! ! ! WTF ? ! ? ! AUGUST PLS .
Are you a gamer or streamer in the Portland , OR area ? Join us for monthly meetups , online hangouts and new friends !
Out of hand and into awesome .
Majora's Mask SAVING THE RANCH FROM ALIENS ! twitchkittens WLO PNWST
SECOND PLACE ! ! ! ! \ o / \ o / Awwwww YEAH ! GoSensei
I think once I'm not sick anymore I'm going to start strength training . I've been feeling an itch to start doing th
It's not crazy it's not oily and blends in well with my skin and it smells fantastic
Americano Coffee Bar by il Morso . via
Which ITCosmetics Naturally Pretty Essentials shade are YOU ? Find out & amp ; win ! entry -
This Catchy Song Is Dedicated to Female Masturbation via
Working on your Memorial Day menu ? These Mango Burgers are sure to please ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
A cheesy , artichoke-y , yummy bread that you wont want to share thanks to Promotion PerdueCrew -
I found astrobright paper in my office ! ! ! ! Way too excited for this
Biker ... I'm an idiot
not at all . To both meanings of hot
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
"" Give all your worries and cares to God , for he cares about you . "" 1 Peter 5:7
I miss you too ! ! Come back ! !
SCHOOL WHAT DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND ABOUT HOW I DONT LIKE YOU LEAVE ME ALONE
\ _ ( ) _ /
Sorry I'm blasting Wicked in the HoCo
you srat girl . You just srat
Top of the 9th and RebsBSB is ahead 10-2 .
are you the person behind this account because I think you are
Soulja Boy was only 17 when he made crank that
Nope nope nope nope I'm done nope
no I replied to you on purpose
Female Campus Favorites : Ariel Cheng , Caroline Loveless , Taylor Byrd , Gabriella Gonzaba , Rachel Phillips
Sos please save me from physics
Everyone is forgetting Chad Kelly just played one of the greatest game in Ole Miss QB history and lost ... Defense shou
He was feeling himself tonight . Precious angel bb
From Brainiac to Head Cheerleader ! Go Martha ! Don't stick to the Status-quo & amp ; always follow your dreams HSM 10
Happy Monday ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Rebel Nation ... It's been a pleasure . With love , Your shortstop , Errol Robinson
this is my roommate everyone
ok lsu I see you
But you love Ladysmith Black Mambazo
I voted for Evan Engram for the C Spire Conerly Trophy ! cspireconerly eengram
The Gospel is good news not good advice . Advice = what we should do . News = report of what was done for us .
who does everyone hate ? 13ReasonsWhy
"" Could care less "" = you at least care a little bc you COULD care less "" Couldn't care less "" = you do not care at all PLEAS
I think I'm in need of some cake and milk sugartime
Contradicting Themselves ..... SMH , , , , , , Wish I Knew All This Before My Life Was Ruined . By Essure
ESSURE HURTS WOMEN , DAUGHTERS , WIVES : RUN ! Great essure EssureProblems documentary .
Petition harmful birthcontrol Essure essureproblems
Congressional Hearing request concerning the misconduct of Bayer and the FDA in regards to Essure .
I think I just found the perfect picture describe my life .
I'll get it for next comp !
people either get it right away or like never figure it out haha
it's pretty fantastic . I listened to it the whole ride home from nc yesterday .
Rapp used to be somewhat fun and now I hate it
A girls twitter is full of hints
u know when you really wanna retweet something but the hint is a bit too obvious so u just have to go for the subtle f
Not me flirting though I didn't know how to do that when I was 13 haha
Caleb I'm done with this so I will no longer respond lol
A year ago in timehop I was complaining of back pain , and today I have really bad back pain
My family used a whole gigabyte of data in exactly 11 hours
he has a point ...
I WAS SEARCHING FOR THIS FOR SO LONG RN I'M GLAD I FOUND IT AGAIN NEVER LET IT DIE
I'm glad I have small boobs
Jk she'll wanna kick your ass
Why do people do late wcw or tbt the next day ? Like you missed your chance lol wait until next week
why did i laugh so hard ?
Hell yeah ! Definitely has to happen
For every retweet , we'll donate $ 1 * to AerieSupports Learn more here :
The fact that I actually have to be concerned about LGBT rights being taken away with trump is enough to make me feel sick
I just want carter to get out of practice already so I can go to her house and sleep
Got my nose pierced 3 days ago and it doesn't hurt at all anymore idk what's going on
I'm not something to butter up and taste when you get bored
Ummmm it's 2:30 in the morning and I thought it was like 10
Honestly not much has changed
My chemistry professor really trying to sell us concert tickets in class
a Helpful YouTube : Autistic Child Fully Recovered with Biomedical Treatment for Autism - Holly Riley
One more month and Ill neeeever have to wake up for my stupid booring job again - so happy I found this !
I just completed a PredictionMatch at Hope my prediction will be the most acc ...
Wrong key as I was saying my claim has gone from Oct 08 till now and I am still waiting and am left to Survive on $ 750 .
Yeah I don't care what anybody thinks or does as long as they don't try to push their ideas on to me .
I bet that wasn't the the most enjoyable chopper ride you have ever had .
They are firm believers in do as I say not as I do .
You gotta love it .
tall on the top of wall rose , waiting for Mikasa , who was sure to be right behind him
her . "" Uh ... Date ? Before we do .. This ? ""
"" Is there a problem , Mikasa ? "" He raised a brow , staring at her as she dropped to the ground . He crouched beside her and
{ Ooo ooo oh It's Mike . I thought you meant my Eren Acc . Which this is ! }
He nodded , finally getting back into his feet and extending a hand out to pick her up . "" I / really / like it , Mikasa . It's
But . . . Youve already done so much for me , dummy . . . It would be wrong not to thank you , just for the time we've had .
Accusations are not proof of guilt . I choose not to go off of the shit people say .
I can give you a $ 100 million reasons to love this game ... lol
Craazzy weekend ! ;) had a lot of fun ! Haha
Caaaaan't sleep . insomnia Literally just been layin here for hours . Ugghh ..
Hmm my computer Isnt starting up properly . Gets stuck on ' windows is starting ' before login screen
I favorited a video HEAD
you should let it out , Sess ! G4 is made of idiots now . You were the heart and soul of X-Play , thanx for all the years and rev 3
I think the problem with Uncle Jack and his gang is at this point no death can possibly be painful enough .
if youre excited to see how Captain America : The Winter Soldier affects Marvels AgentsofSHIELD , TONIGHT on ABC .
Were ready to slay TheWalkingDead mid-season premiere this Sunday at 9 |8 c .
hey ! listening now . we also called in last week . might think of a request .
FACT : The NSAs mass call-tracking program has not interrupted a single terrorist plot
Damn , Michael Mando is really good on BetterCallSaul
I saw Captain America : Civil War ! Do you like the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies ?
Clinton is a legendary flip-flopper who only says what she thinks the public and her financiers want to hear .
Oh snap ! I just remembered I should listen to "" Violator "" more often . What a great album ! ! !
"" Men are afraid that women will laugh at them . Women are afraid that men will kill them . "" - Margaret Atwood
Leaked revision of the reshot intro to Justice League
Hardcore History delivers on its title . Missing Richard Simmons was the perfect length for its sub
Twas fun , thank you darling . And yes , I will leave all sorts of spam in your inbox . Sleep now .
Virginia is a sad place :(
YES . And I would manually place people inside the tyrannosaurus rex's cage and watch gleefully as they ate my customers .
I want you to come to VidCon but it is sold out :'(
One day , David . One day you'll change science and food forever . Mac on the cob .
Which , as long battle scenes go , absolutely amazing . Maybe it was the movie split . Because I loved the first half .
Okay if Norway is no longer safe then no one is safe . Except maybe Iceland . But they're an island .
Just missed my flight home . Awesome morning .
Replace ' jump ' with ' eat ' . That's what I do because cannibalism is pretty terrifying .
Did it hit you in the face .
I don't have a tumor . It's totally benign . Greatest birthday ever =')
"" Fishing relaxes me . It's like yoga , except I still get to kill something . "" - Ron Swanson
"" I quit and then they called me to fire me "" overheardatlunch
I'm still at dinner . I'll be on in a bit . =)
Oh and BY THE WAY , Roommate 1 moved out because of reasons so now it's just and I . She is now just Roommate .
Now begins the 3 hour layover in Minneapolis . This airport is an odd mixture of bear statues , horrific carpet , and impressive architecture .
Spending the majority of my afternoon re-watching all of the Dare on Dare's . Thank god we have no immediate neighbors . ( @OlanRogers )
Sorry , signal cut out earlier than expected .
Sir , in the black shirt , you are overdoing it with the reactions to the man in the purple shirt . You can slow it down .
go to sleep , stop being so ugh , and stop everything else ever
And the clean-up on an aisle that doesn't exist would be funnier if it wasn't a regularly used idea .
Well at least that's like an actual thing you can eat . A tub of caramel is not a meal .
I could clean the house in preparation for my friend coming from Philadelphia to stay with me tomorrow
Oh and I stopped watching The Office when Michael left . I heard it was still really good but I'm all sentimental and yeah
I am my own Dayquil what up
Want to go to mcdonalds .... want to get drunk and go to mcdonalds ? livinthelife
JUST KIDDING I have the actual worst Internet and I'm using it for New Girl and the Warm Bodies tag
then love isn't real .
I'm drawing more panels about BIRDS please stay tuned in for more excellent BIRD CONTENT
Ad of the Day : Wake up and marvel at the campy capering of a little night music from Rhett ...
Best Buy shoppers started camping out for Black Friday this week : Perhaps more obsessed than Appl ... digitaltrends
Nintendo : Wii U profitable if players buy just one game : In the past Nintendo made it a rule to s ... digitaltrends
Liz & amp ; Dick Comes Up a Little Limp : Here's proof that the gulf between social media buzz and viewer interest can ...
Heard this family singing in Central Park ? NYC - U will recognize them & amp ; their music Now shop their music online music
The Hot List : "" Hot "" is , of course , relative . We reserve the designation for those media brands and media people ...
Casio G-Shock syncs with an iPhone to deliver email , call alerts : While the cosmetic appearance o ... digitaltrends
Australian police warn against using Apple Maps after travelers become stranded : Police in Austra ... digitaltrends
Hands-free Swivl motion platform adds DSLR , tablet support : Definitely a great tool for professio ... digitaltrends
Instagram to swap your personal data with Facebook : As expected , Instagram and Facebook will begi ... digitaltrends
Jack Reacher review : Not even Jack Reacher can get to the bottom of this messy movie starring Tom ... digitaltrends
"" Age is an issue of mind over matter . If you don't mind , it doesn't matter . "" - - Mark Twain
New Years resolutions for computer users : In addition to losing weight and quitting smoking , we ... digitaltrends
Instant Video Finder : Amazon hoping new feature will help users find interesting content more eas ... digitaltrends
Nokias gamble on Windows Phone finally pays off as mobile sales exceed expectations : Nokia's f ... digitaltrends
Video provides a glimpse of BlackBerry 10 running on a BlackBerry Z10 smartphone : There's still a ... digitaltrends
Best Twitter clients for PC and Mac : With more than 500 million registered users , you would think ... digitaltrends
Temple Run 2 lands in Google Play store : Within hours of its iOS release last week , Imangi Studio ... digitaltrends
Google improves maps of secretive North Korea , but you can forget Street View : Google's updated m ... digitaltrends
Heart-melting pandas , hiking the Grand Canyon from your recliner , and more in this weeks Staff P ... digitaltrends
T Magazine : The Real Lee Radziwill : One of Truman Capote's swans , the sister of Jackie Kennedy and a Euro ... style
Google starts rolling out Android 4.2 . 2 Jelly Bean update : Google started to roll out an Android ... digitaltrends
Google set to open its own retail stores this year , report says : Google is reportedly gearing up ... digitaltrends
Nielsen TV ratings will finally start to include cord cutters : Definitely helpful to television ... digitaltrends
Microsoft ending $ 15 Windows 8 promotion tomorrow : Bought a Windows 7 PC in the last seven mont ... digitaltrends
MINI commemorates Dakar rally win with special edition Countryman model : After four Frenchmen p ... digitaltrends
Awesome dad hacks Donkey Kong for daughter so now Pauline rescues Mario : Mike Mika said his thr ... digitaltrends
Sound Shapes DLC review : The painful sweetness of the single : Queasy Games ' Sound Shapes is r ... digitaltrends
JetBlue promises smart , new , fast in-flight Wi-Fi , though youll have to wait : JetBlue thinks ... digitaltrends
Tiger Woods PGA 14 review : EA Sports keeps it on the fairway , but misses the green : ' Tiger Wo ... digitaltrends
Motherlode Blog : How We Do It : Time Diaries of Family Life : Parents taking on the ordinary challenges o ... style
Only CHRISTIAN-THEMED items - Hand-Picked and Hand-Searched gifts
No more chocolate sponge cake . Nope . Banana bread wins over it a ton of times . Next time I'll try the carrot cake ...
I'll have to apologize in case he actually read the con and he was even expecting the coffee ...
Robert Englund in Bones making probably the creepiest and more Freddy Kruegeristic appearance ever .
No entiendo lo del agravante de gnero . Los maltratadores lo son , da igual lo que tengan entre las piernas .
* joins in singing from the top of my lungs *
Fucking hell Lucia . It's all i'm gonna say ...
WAIT , I'VE MISSED YOUR BIRTHDAY ! ? D: ! ! ! HAPPY BIRTHDAY CANDZ !
sense to me as i just groom them or gave them a slight tint depending on how much makeup i wear .
I'm gonna go get some schokoladen ! but not marshmallows ... no no those are not for me lmao !
I'm obnoxiously picky when it comes about lipsticks and i'm constantly smacking my lips together so i either need something +
EurovisionSongContest WAtching the 2nd semifinal and loving all that i've seen already ! ! ! I think this year is gonna be SO complicated !
A VER PETARDOS , QUE PARA VER COSAS MALAS PREFIERO VER BURLESQUE
My mouuuuuuth is on FIYAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH ! ! ! my mouth is on fiyaaaAaAAaaAaah ! * never asking for spicy sauce at the kebab again ! *
Happy 4th of July ' murican friends ! Don't blow anything up !
Please don't tweet photos of the dead in nice . Allow police to inform relatives . Don't let them find out via social me
PERO VOSOTROS DOS DE QU VAIS FLIPAOS ? LaEnvidiaMeCorroe
OoO how much would you charge for it ? ?
Oh . my . god !
Odio este momento con toda mi alma ...
Can this year be over already ffs ! ? ! ? ! ?
Casually Pearl using me as her cat tree ... instacat catsofinstagram catstagram
Nope , GER that sounds too much like Bulletproof ...
I was so tempted to get a Van Gogh one that was like A2 size !
I have anxiety not wanting to miss the restock on the "" She "" palette ! + hoping for the "" Yes , please "" one to be restocked too !
Daylight vs . Sunlight The metallics really come to live when the sun hits them ! Finger
I love Peter Quill so much . Like ... badly ... and with that , to bed i go
: ___ es que no hay manera jolines . Yo lo voy a tener protegidito y tener a Bancho y Saber en el futuro
~ my desires of going and actually living in New York decrease day by day . Something that was a dream for more than
Si te violan y tratas de resistirte , pueden asesinarte , a veces an sin resistirte . Y si no tratas de escapar de una violaci
they don't accept people with big boobs
oh gosh ! I haven't seen that YET !
awwee ! ! Yeah it sucks we haven't spent any time together since I started school and with work and piles of hom
well it looks like I am now doesn't it
happens to me all the time
I really just want to go hunting
I just donated 5 mPOINTS in the The Weather Channel app to Toys for Tots GivingTuesday
If I hear one more skinny girl complain about how they are fat , I am going to freak out
I wish it was a possibility
Best chocolate bar hands down
I have never been so excited to wear flip flops ! !
Primanti bros coming to altoona
I can't not express my thankfulness for in words
How I can be so tired yet so awake at the same time
My class just got canceled for tomorrow
I really hope thinks I am attractive
I wish I was at this game right now ! goodluckBG
And you expect me not to be mad ?
I haven't seen you like 4 weeks , something is definitely wrong
the only one who can make "" yeast farts "" interesting
My boyfriend's Dad is my accounting professor ...
Nothing makes me happier than hearing customers tell me that I made their day
These lines do not put me in the holiday spirit
But my boyfriend likes black bras ... GillyGirlProblems
Everyone stop and look at the bottom of your flip flops . Drink once for every size sticker stuck to them . StockroomDrinkingGame
Light audit . As if customers run around the store moving the ceiling spots out of place . GillyGirlProblems
if I had a dollar for every time I heard that ...
Forget school , I'm just gonna sell what's left of my soul to AnF and become an MIT when I graduate . Finals GillyGirlProblems
Sometimes I really look forward to going to work . Today is not one of those days . GillyGirlProblems
Eating four pieces of cake was not my beat idea . miserable
I'm on season 3 right now , and love it :)
hehe , oh he'll get over it .. :)
Having to leave Katie < < < < < < :(
GREAT BATTLE LADIES . WAY TO PULL THROUGH . LOVE YOU ALL . CRUSADERVOLLEYBALL
Since I have nothing to do tonight ..
this boy is this video was to cute to not share .
"" The point of Christmas is giving ..... I think ""
thanks for the reminder ... :(
The good part about having a scheduled day off tomorrow means we don't have to wait in anticipation for them to call school
I wish I had someone to go on runs with me and just forget about everything else :(
After a long week of him being gone , i finally get to see my daddy today .
Let this happen to me atleast once
A hay ride and pumpkin patch date must be on the agenda this fall
girl you know I'm always here
Forever writing my name all over every paper handed to me
I wish I grew up in a time where technology wasn't what it is today .
Thank you snow CLASSES CANCELLED
I knew you'd appreciate this tweet
I say "" like "" far to often .
Can't help but only see the good in people , despite what they've done , I'll always look at them & amp ; see the positive char
If I could turn back time ...
Happy Birthday ma'am ! ! Good seeing you the other night
I would lock my keys in my car
This whole eating when bored thing isn't helping out with the summer body that I'm trying to achieve
Rude people are the worst type of people
Lucky to have a best friend who's family treats me like their own
just reached level 5 on Paradise Island on my Android Android Androidgames
I've just received an achievement : Guru of Photography Android Androidgames
I've just received an achievement : Guru of Photography Android Androidgames
Gone Fishing ! Let's great fishing ! Android AndroidGames gameinsight drimmi
New Event Sky Fortress Now On . GET Rank AAA Monsters . App Store : Google Play : DarkSummoner
The Springboard will make my business more successful and my tourists happier ! Android Androidgames Gameinsight
Having fun playing CSRRacing for Android , why not join me for FREE ?
New Event Now On . GET Rank AAA Monsters . App Store : Google Play : DarkSummoner
I just received a reward : Self-possessed Android Androidgames Gameinsight
I just received a reward : Beginner Spokesperson Android Androidgames Gameinsight
this sucks no electric ....... UNTILL SUNDAY !
Haven't seen my bestie in like a month .
back stabbed by my first love
"" @DaComeBackYear : Real feelings don't just go away . ""
People come & amp ; go Nothing new
Lol me And my ex never broke up we just moved on , so that means we're in an open relationship
I dislike dudes on snapchat that do NOTHING but have another dude record them work out , like we get it you work out
My thing is , if you don't fwm then don't . I don't really care
I'm so bored why am I still up ?
This dude really think I'm falling for it , nope . Been through it all & amp ; im not going through it with you .
If you're a good friend , when you succeed you would bring your friends up with you
IM A GOOD FRIEND TO HAVE JUST CUZ IM FUNNY AND WILL KEEP IT A BAND WITH YOU ABOUT ANYTHANG
I'm confused as to why people think it's okay to smell like a seafood restaurant in the club .... wash , soap , water , rag , loofah sum
I need more followers , anybody Tryna help ?
I'm joking y'all frfr . I don't do that
I guess it wasn't meant to be ....
Don't tell me you hate me & amp ; not mean it because once you say it I'm done .
Right 100 % accurate .
"" Are you ready , for your blessing ? Are you ready , for your miracle ? ""
: haven't seen you in forever , I hope all is well though
oh nah I've beat you more than once ... don't play
I'm really not that great .... honestly
Last night at the G , trying to get into something ... nothing big but ... you know
I done watched this video .... tried to hear the background , tried to look through glasses , trying to put stuff together it's 5 am
My mother cares about her dog more than me
thought you should know I just found a video of you twerking from last year .. Haha
how much longer do you have ?
used that movie to answer MJ trivia crack questions
This blizzard on the east coast better live up to the hype with all the precautions and talk it is gettin
Finished season 1 of Once Upon A Time . Dear lord I'm in love
One day and two nights down . Strong possibility that PCB will wreck me this year
flagrant foul like that , doesn't matter
Wow this weeks episode of the Flash was nuts . I love this show !
Sleeping in the same hotel room as my dad is an absolute nightmare
Almost positive I won't survive this week
Saw a teenage kid riding his bike with a confederate flag attached to the back ... rochester
Lmao a kid just wore a sombrero to class
Secretary of State Jesse White speaking in my TA class today
Love how has snaps from ISU and doesn't even try to come say hi to me ... I'm not there anyways .. But still ... haha
Time to make 2016 my biiiitch
The Bulls traded Captain Kirk Sad to see ya go man , thanks for saving our asses all these years
Bryzzo Souvenir Company is already thriving two games into the season dingers
butttt it's super nice and there's a pool
Just truly disgusted with the Cubs . My god guys .
I think it's safe the day Phelps has still got it . Damn Also props to the 217 kid holding it down
Jason Heyward have a game !
My dad got to shoot a grenade launcher yesterday . You're an architect wtf is this nonsense
I'm not a fan of how my head feels because of this result
Obama at final address : "" America is a better , stronger place than it was when we started . ""
Javy started celebrating before he even tagged him . Amazing .
dude you see this Miggy blew it
Sophie can finally be loafie for Halloween
Just heard the Trump surrogate on the show is a top black staffer on the Donald J Trump campaign .
The Home Cooking Journey ( albeit a lazy one ) Continues . Dr . Praegers Black Bean Quinoa Veggie
Let me drop this here . educateyourself resist wakeup vote fraud
Let's get condoms in those scenes . Does art imitate life or life imitate art ? insecurehbo
Hahaha this funny , I Reddit
It's that time of year Pralines , pies , pecan milk oh my vegan pecans pralines pecanpie
My whole life revolves around school this is stressful help
I feel so bad I didn't see Austin tonight SAME I'm just not gonna say anything and see if he notices
I feel like I'm gonna be sick
yay ! ! Send me pic
Does anyone know if britt is opening their doors early
and thats why they make the babies on an assembly line ! And then they like "" fordspeed "" when he's about to go to the reservation
they're not all over me what r u talking about
HARRY POTTER MARATHON AT MY HOUSE COME ONE COME ALL ADMISSION IS 5 $ $
Tbh looking at my blow pop messages from ACS last year is super sad
Frick you can de a lil bit of my tan line in my last picture w0w
"" When you have a taste of lobster why would you go back to a hot dog . "" - Wise words from Conye
listening to rant about stupid drivers is hilarious
Today I finally picked up a paint brush again and it felt wonderful
oh my god I miss you too !
Me and my bae's before hoco . We take the best candids
What a blessing it has been to be apart of leading worship for 6,000 believers . I'm more than blessed . P14
FRICK yeah white moms rule
Everyone needs to look for prom dresses at High Cotton Consignment , they're beautiful
Playing with a new photo editor and laffin ! ! ! ( ( ( Totally natural light leaks ) ) )
AP testing starts next week and I'm not sure if I should play the "" I don't care "" card or the "" I want $ 100 "" card
Rly excited for New Orleans tomorrow
Happy birthday , Theta Tau Chapter was installed on this day in 1979 at WEareZTA
Nerds > Pundits . Well done We geeks are humbled by your superior algorithms .
Fast 6 mile run tonight . Total for the week running : 5 days and 36 miles . Body is adjusting well to the new diet . 5 weeks until next race .
are you going to road runner sports in Tempe tomorrow night to hear and do a Q and A ?
48 minutes to transfer 51.6 GB with FW 800 . Where is lightpeak when you need it ? Pikachu uses Thunderbolt ! ! Gimmegimmegimme lotsofnerd
Still looking for ONE MORE team member for my Ragnar SoCal Team ! PLEASE contact me if you are even remotely interested ! ! !
As the great said it "" fuck your pussy bitch I'm on my own dick ""
Rock The Bells 2011 Line Up
I'm at Lifetime Fitness ( 6850 East Chauncey Ln , Scottsdale Rd & Mayo Blvd , Scottsdale )
I'm at Lifetime Fitness ( 6850 East Chauncey Ln , Scottsdale Rd & Mayo Blvd , Scottsdale )
Gucci Mane has finally been released from jail according to the Fulton County jail < - - I wonder if he got a Rice Krispy Treat tat ?
literally next to the fence behind 134
I'm at Lifetime Fitness ( 6850 East Chauncey Ln , Scottsdale Rd & Mayo Blvd , Scottsdale )
I'm at Yogurtology At Arrowhead w /
laughing at all these girls ( on my TL ) hating because it's snowing on campus .. jealousy hatersgonhate
my favorite is for the destination , not the rest of the tweet :-p
Tickets for USA vs Mexico came in today
Playing it safe isn't playing at all . riskeverything
Padres giving up again . Were we going to win the WorldSeries ? No . Could we have finished . 500 ? Probably . That would be a win for Padres fans
visited the Randolph and Jackson locations in Chicago this weekend . Very nice and courteous staff at both . Brilliant coffee !
ugh . this would be perfect . The cats are cute but I will die haha . I'll find out about NYC in a few weeks , I'll let you know !
1 . First inning was enough to see that Ian needed to be pulled . 2 . Why are you still pitching to Gonzalez ? ! Padres
whoever wrote "" This is a Geisha story "" , please thank them for me . Great read .
amazing coffee AND chocolates ? ! Oh my ! :) kaffeejul
I'm setting the over / under at 1.5 on how many HRs shields will give up tonight . I'm taking the over . Padres pessimist
FUN FACT : Most people saying Colin Kaepernick is unpatriotic for criticizing America are wearing red ball caps that say Am
more than positive they can all now connect to your phone via Bluetooth and sync to the Garmin app .
"" The best hitter I ever saw . "" A tremendous ambassador for the game . An amazing hitting machine . Today , we celebrate Tony Gw
My like is saying this is very true . It truly is a shame . Each World Cup cycle , more ppl become so
is that a hint for the setlist Nightcrawler
I was so hoping he would be at the Philadelphia show
Just wanted to stop by and drop some purple love . While having my morning coffee I thought of you .
If your are more fortunate ... Mindfulness Kindness MindBody
I love this movie . I watch it all the time . It's hilarious . A must see for all Prince fans .
Sounds yummy . The baked potato is a meal by itself . Meals like that put you to sleep .
A lttle humour justforlaughs TooFunny Pranks
Missing Prince's humor today ! Grateful we have these !
WTF ? ! ! This is nasty ! Sour !
Sending purple love from the USA . ( ( ( HUGS ) ) )
It's ObamaDay ! Happy Birthday Mr . President !
President Trump has attacked just about everyone on Twitter . But not white supremacists .
I've never seen it .
Florida Gov . Scott : We are running out of time .... You need to go now . This is a catastrophic storm that our state has never seen
* looks at the calendar * Here comes this 21st of the month bullshit ! Just like the hologram .. We also do NOT need a Princ
Beautiful song performed beautifully ...
He's a selfish man .
That needed to be said . Thank you for saying it .
The fact that Trump has lifted President Obama's ban on elephant trophies being imported into the country is a devastatin
Prince Soundcheck Jam Musicology Tour 2004 New York
Totally working on a Saturday . Sigh .
it'd not a miracle drug but the US just released long held back docs on how cannabis stops apopstis .
never assumed that and it isn't the point . Rappers are predominately black true or false ?
YOU personally cannot handle confrontation on your racist statement without your overprotective 5th grader groupies . LOSER
Don't let lies , propaganda , fear tactics allow the Government to KILL cancer patients . CANNABIS can cause apopstis . GET EDUCATED .
tell them to screw what others think , do what they believe is right . If we all did the world would change . Cannabis saves lives
Please get this out there : BEAUTIFUL Young MMJ Patient missing after CO takes daughter since 9/6
If you become President you must understand cannabis is IMPERATIVE to human existence it is not just a party . EDUCATE ON IT
Want to talk about injustice ? We just met jimmy fay and still 8 years later . No compensation . He is still homeless .
No matter how old I get , I still feel the urge to jump in huge piles of leaves . KidAtHeart
"" @dprohaska : A "" good guy cloud "" and a "" bad guy cloud "" from the old 6abc magnetic weather map .
Records are meant to be broken , indeed . Congrats ,
I dont like TacoBell , said no one ever .
Sigh ... "" @6abc : AccuWeather Maps : Tuesday snowfall totals increased -
"" Yes , all men must die , but we are not men . "" - Dany rules ( figuratively , at least for now , we'll see ) in the
Woohoo ... 71 degrees on Friday ! bringonspring
Even the nicest people have their limits , and you're testing mine right now .
to show appreciation for anyone who has to work weekends . PawnStars Hustle
U-S-A ! Empire State building lights up red , white & amp ; blue to celebrate USMNT advancing in World Cup . ( via
George R . R . Martin on the pressure of finishing the GameofThrones books :
Wooooo ... that's the D I like to see ! Eagles
P . S . is ALSO the man ! FlyEaglesFly
OK now I see exactly WHY the Falcons are struggling this season ... DETvsATL
Because brainy is the new sexy !
Now that's the Eli we know and love ... Eagles
Kate and as the sun and moon ... not sure it can be described any better ! PRAllStars
Happy Pi Day - 3/14 / 15 !
did he call you an idiot , a dope or both ?
At this point , my body is more coffee than water .
Smoking is not only hazardous to your health , it can be hazardous to your career too ... ProjectRunway
Well that was heartbreaking ... DoctorWho
Send a raven . The GoTSeason 6 tease will air this Sunday at 8: 59PM ET before ( WARNING : You will be teased ) htt
LOL ... I never did though .
Onthisday 24 years ago , this happened ... Athletics
Eagles are killin ' me Smalls ...
Today would have been the 75th birthday of the Olympic champion . HappyBirthdayAli
"" Tell them the North remembers ... tell them winter came for House Frey . "" Chills . Every . Time .
Well Frank , I bet this isn't what he had in mind when he went all in .
Looking forward to a week of Brady / Manning debate that ignores that usually , whichever player has the better defensive team
ESPN : Stanton to Yankees CBS : Stanton to Yankees MSNBC : Stanton to Yankees WaPo : Stanton to Yankees NY Times : Stanton to Ya
I need to get back on schedule & amp ; start working out again .. I feel gross especially with all the junk i consumed today !
Just take over my bed why dont you lol
Final 4-1 woohoo ! Bruins hockeynight pride
My handsome nephew Jayden Nicholas 10 pounds 22 1/2 inches ProudAuntie Love Family
Life sucks and then you die so live it up who gives afuck lets tear shit up tonight ! !
Does anyone from john jay have a pair of safety googles i can borrow just for tomorrow ? !
First game claude coaches = big hockey fight LMFAO
Yayy for Julio starbucks barista
Lorde is only 17 but looks like she's 40 and married with 3 kids . VMAs LMFAOOO perff
You make me mad ...
Got locked out my house and had to wait 45 mins for my mom ... Take really sucks , y did i even get out of bed ? fml
You are the only person I tell everything and now your not here anymore
In honor of national cow appreciation day and for my love for cows im posting this tbt picture
This that time of year again Hockey is back ! Bruins up 1-0 in their home opener vs Winnipeg ! letsgo bruins BruinsOpeningNight NHLBruins
I wish i was photogenic
When u catch a charmander first thing in the morning u know its going to be a good day !
Bruins home opener ! Lets go B and get this win ! NHLBruins homeopener BOSvsNJD
I cant wait until I have a job so I can spoil the shit out of everyone
Whoever came up with saturday are for the boys needs to get shot
I think i want a chest tattoo
Cant wait for my shoes to come in
oh actually means my heart just got ripped into a million pieces but i wont tell you because you wouldnt care how i feel
Yassss a bruins preseason game is finally on tv
And McDonalds saves the night !
Soggy fries are the best fries
One , two , one , two and through and through the vorpal blade went "" snicker , snack "" . He left it dead and with its head he ...
Praying you guys hit a homer at NEBC today !
Merry Christmas to All and men , preach the Gospel tonight ... clear , concise , and simple .
Time to get down to business ... Rook tournament !
Since when have you tweeted ? Besides I don't have time to answer emails . Everyone knows I'm training to become a cage fighter .
Thinking of you guys and your families this morning . Praying for you guys .
Next phase of Baby Boy's nursery : Complete !
Getting caught up in Dr . Who from Saturday . Bryce is enthralled ... Gotta be in the genes . ;) dayoff
really needs to be a second award & amp ; coin reimbursement . That's what you guys did on SWCT . Would create a good show of faith .
just ' say no ' to rage spend , lol !
I'm throwing a pillow at them if 4am happens like l
I think series one wave 2 was the last time I actually pulled a vintage , lol
you haven't watched many pats games this season , lol they ALWAYS get flags
I will wanna start a league ? I FTP tho
wow . Great pass , great catch
jbstone 14 . Pete . This is the best thing ... EVAR ! ! !
Bledsoe's buddy burn game is strong
Was just about to send you this . Could even be the precursor to a trade ...
The PetitePARADE returned this for its 8th time this past weekend . Check out the looks ! SoCool BeYouItsCool -
i'm still in shock . the votenoon 1 campaign was such a good one , and HONEST , unlike a certain other campaign that was run . Sickening .
( @OracKnows ): Completing a trio of antivaccine-sympathetic California pediatricians
That time I fled Communist Romania to a refugee camp in Austria , came to America , & amp ; years later became an exec
I've missed a lot since 2002 . Since the kids were born . All I got to watch was kids movies . lol
It is quite epic . I knew she was the one for me the instant we met . And it's only gotten better . :)
I am watching JDVorr live on Stickam right now ! Come on in !
I've just got my free code for this heartbreaking little platformer !
10-14- 2017 Murphy High School Marching Band : via
His play on the field is irrelevant to acting like a douche in interview . Not sure why you can't get that through your head
Another PP opp coming up for Buckeyes , Isackson off for a slash
Seems like a great time for a refreshing mint julep , eh
The work day is half overrr
Zach doesn't understand that when I send him a picture I found on Twitter I don't know where it came from oldmanproblems
A true sign of willpower is working with soil and not texturing the samples
The downside of not growing in 8 years is a large majority of my clothes are that old
Can't wait to see my other half today
Why do I have an ag class in the cpass building what is this nonsense
He keeps saying I'm overreacting and touching my cat
that part was too much for me ...
Who said romance was dead ?
Petition for to be on Game Day instead
it probably takes you both as long to drive to school as it takes me to drive across Morgantown
Glad I don't have to go outside for a while I'm not trying to get shot today
Congrats on graduating I know you're destined for success
I don't think agriculture's important FiveWordsToRuinADateWithAFarmer
I honestly thought Beck stopped making music 10 years ago
I really just wanted to have a snow day so I could stay in and watch Netflix all day .
Update : now everyone else's dad is joining me and my dad at the bar
jobs should pay enough where someone working full time isn't still below the poverty line but $ 15 / hr ? ? ? Come on ...
Sorry I bothered you with my friendship
what has she been telling you ? !
But seriously , props to that guy for having the confidence to approach a random woman in the parking lot and tell her she's cute
I really need the bus to show up cause I told my cat I'd be home by now
Cowspiracy : a documentary made by a guy with no understanding of agricultural production
When you get home after a long day
Need ArcMap data projections halp
too bad all these examples fall on deaf ears
Where did you get a job at ? ?
only 1 day left til some vacation time !
Ben just woke me from a 2 hour nap . Was so wonderful
Sweet ! I will shout from the rooftops where people can watch rookiebluetv ! Love that show , can't wait for season 3 !
Valentine's Day is a time to celebrate the joy of being in love . Unless you're single & lonely then it's called Laundry Day .
Being single doesn't mean no one wants you , it just means that God is busy writing your love story .
Ten more seconds to shave off the season finale and we're done . Its last ten minutes are pretty damn crazy .
The cameras kept rolling after the show as the idol cast & amp ; crew joined Joshua on stage to share their final thoug ...
now i'm getting it , right ? :P RookieBlue RBParty
Can't wait for the episode to start ! Love me some RoobkieBlue ! Thanks for hanging out , hope to get a reply !
Hey Ben , are you a fan of shooting undercover episodes so that you can stretch your acting muscles ? rbparty rblounge
CONGRATS to on your GOLD MEDAL . BeliebersWi ...
"" @NBCOlympics : The Opening Ceremony for the next Summer Olympics will be held on August 5th , 2016 . Rio 2016 ""
wow that was some episode and ending . Thank god we love these characters because it would be hard to watch ...
askscandal Why is everyone talking so fast ? ? ? ! SCANDAL PACE BABY ! ! ! That's how we do !
So excited to see Ruby ! Are we gonna get to see some Ruby or Red centered eps this season ? Hope so ! OUAT
Best movie that you've seen in the past month ? askscandal
If I could paint the sky ... this is what it would look like . sunrise
The water park at greatwolflodge this past weekend . jarettk
As if my legs weren't sexy enough .... Fractured medial sesamoid . walkingboot
First archery awards , ever . Local club 3D championships . 10 years old . Thankful to my parents for
Minc Christmas ! heidiswappatjoann hsohwhatfun hsminc
and I can't stand the pain ... and I can't make it go away ... simpleplan
shit ...... what is that test even on ? !
she's at school on time ! !
"" I am the wisest man alive , for I know one thing , and that is that I know nothing . "" - Socrates
I cannot contain my excitement . studio phase 1
hitting cars left and right
HI MADI . HEY HI I LOVE YOU . HEY ITS ME SARAH . YEAH HI IM WATCHING SPIDER-MAN AND ITS SUPER FAB . OKAY HI BYE LOVE YOU
HOW AWESOME IS THIS we should do this .
Dont care wht nobody say .. Lil mama is killin it as left eye
imma just chill , watch are you afraid of the dark and have nostalgia problems .
this show on tlc right now . what is life ?
that damn FAMILY Christmas card ain't gone be shit without Rob and the kids ! ! !
i like when money makes a difference but don't make you different .
the things that go through my mind is beyond me .
i'm sorry but Demi sound a mess .
Your reaction to the problems of life is the test , react badly & amp ; another problem will come your way .
on my mama something bad is bout to happen to me but i'm glad i know .
if she don't take a seat !
can i get a amen ? tax season bout to be in full effect and so are broke mark niggas .
some ain't right . i ain't had not one girl scout cookie .
had a flashback when i seen em .
bold faces lie . they look stupid .
but hey you win some , you lose some . they still the best !
omg hollering ! Selena outta be shamed .
that's yo head if you touch my great value pink lemonade ! think its a game if you want to !
gather round catfish on .
this is lying on a whole nother level foreal cus he keep lying and bringing others in on his lies . nev should of threw him in that water .
Aaliyah is truly an amazing legend / icon and her story deserves to be told right . not overly fabricated , exaggerated , and boring .
Wanna hear GREATNESS ? Check this link for me . - SeenItAllRmx
depression is a sneaky bastard cus you can have it and not know it . other ppl around you don't know either even if you do .
as a grown female ( which you claim to be ) why do you feel the need to be worried about or watching me ? stay where you be .
I am quiet , but I am not blind .
hahahaha he finna take that clown nigga cus he can't talk .
I love Nicki , Ariana & amp ; Jessie as a trio ! AMAs
Negros really don't care .
Empire had me stressed tonight bruh .
If I had sex with Ayn Rand and she didn't achieve orgasm I'd just be like "" every person is solely responsible for his o ...
History books will write how the Kurds without a state fought ISIS and fascist Turkey together . KurdishPeopleResist
Dalton's play in ' 15 resulted in increased respect for the Bengals QB around the league :
As for God , his way is perfect : The LORDs word is flawless ; he shields all who take
Work at living in peace with everyone , and work at living a holy life , for those who are
2002DADDY - "" Hobbie ""
why turn down ? ? When you can be all da wayyy turnt up ! Xoxo love you booboo
Why must someone call in or leave early EVERYDAY ! ! And i have to work for them ! Fuckin bitches
Check out Pricebenders auction ! Last , this Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 ( 7 - Inch , White ) sold for $ 4.01 ( a 97 % savings ! ) !
Police Dog Dies in Hot Patrol Car in GA
getter done baby ! See u at the top
lol ... now I have never seen a ghetto bunny before ... but it sounds interesting .. lol .
SUCCESS is ours ! ! ! ! !
Your life has meaning . Not to be defined by the standards of others . BEYOU
Can't make my backyardsale ? I set aside an amazing selection for an online Betsey Central yardsale ! StayTuned Xox
BAD relationships are to END , so the GOOD one's can begin . Let it go , be alone , love yourself & amp ; be patient for love .
Now's your chance to win an autographed jersey ! ! All you have to do is enter here :
When I say I love you , I dont say it out of habit , I say it cause youre the best thing thats ever happened to me .
"" If you don't believe in miracles , maybe you've forgotten you are one ""
asks When two friends pose as boyfriends , can What Happens At Christmas turn into more ? gayromance
Lead in bed watching Shameless goodtimes
half 11 or 12 ?
watching you is funny goodtimes
Check it out ! Some downtown Houston Texans spirit ! ! !
yay ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I can't wait to hear if it's a boy or girl ! ! ! !
Should I cave and update my iPhone software ?
Guess what's getting booked today ? ! Our honeymoon ! ! ! ! Hilton Moorea here we come ! ! ! Merry Christmas to us . :)
Matt and I are having a debate - is piss a bad word ?
Happy sweet 16th birthday to my favorite ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Enter to WIN $ 10 Paypal cash from I could treat myself to some Betty Crocker cookies !
Kushner uses personal email for some WH business ; He & amp ; Ivanka set up "" private "" email domain ; Several laws implicated
You didn't expect him to "" retire "" without a golden parachute did you ? But he's staying duri
Trump has spent more than $ 70 MILLION of taxpayer dollars golfing . That would provide a lot of aid to Puerto Rico .
After Sandy Hook and Las Vegas , what is the rationale for any civilian owning an assault rifle and high capacity magaz
Getting big biz & amp ; top 10 % more tax breaks - richer you are , more dough you get . A family in poverty would get what ? $ 60 ?
None for old white guys .
Sgt . La David T Johnson Scholarship - I plan to donate to this .
While the current one takes his 74th day of golf since inauguration . MAGA
Trump said "" I don't remember "" 35 times when he was deposed in Trump University case . 35 times . h
Just no words : this has to be the biggest cover up of Trumps presidency . Over a thousand are dead in Puerto Rico !
. For the record , we dont have armed shootouts in the streets of TN . Maybe needs to brush up on Sh
Go with the wind instrument players first .
Maybe they pay it off in full every month ? I don't know mine either , but who cares . I don't leave a balance
Can you imagine thinking that being able to own 17 semi-automatic rifles is freedom , but a woman managing her own body
Maybe just 80 % jackass . The rest adorable imp .
The strongest circumstantial case I've ever seen : Trump is being held hostage by Putin , who has something on him that eve
Johnson is a no . Collins is a strong lean no . Murkowski , McCain , Flake , Corker , Lankford have concerns . Ramp up pressure :
Isn't she a woman of conscious for the current age . GOPShame ProtectingPedophiles
Trump should pay his own lawyers for trying to profit from the presidency .
You Dont Bring Me Flowers Netflix Streisand WatchingNow
dog saves woman from getting robbed
image 1 : nyt profile of neo-nazi image 2 : nyt profile of unarmed man executed by police
EDITORIAL | Donald Trump is a madman
Are things changing outside the entertainment & amp ; political world ?
Trump just claimed Monument status unfairly keeps local people from hunting and grazing cattle in Bears Ears . This is not
This is literally why Al Franken was just forced to resign
Welcome to the high life . No way to go back now .
And they said it wouldn't last ... LovinMademoiselleML
The bill that just passed the Senate and House isn't tax reform - it's a giant handout for the rich and powerful . There
Hop through time as you enter the Spiral Jungle . Here's a scifi you won't want to miss :
Its so strange how news programs already have 3 page written obituaries ready to go when someone famous dies at a young a ...
like if you know who he is !
Happiness does not depend on what you have or who you are , it solely relies on what you think . - Buddha
Ryan Lochte is the Channing Tatum of the Olympics . God took his sweeet time creating that man .
It takes more muscles to frown than to smile . Stop wasting energy ... smile and be positive !
If lesbians aren't attracted to men , why are they attracted to women that look like men ?
My new obsession is the show Scandal . Thanksss for getting me hooked on it ! !
Phil . 2:16 "" Holding forth the word of life ; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ , ... "" Stand on the Word of God ! Proclaim th ...
"" People with higher IQs are 3 times more likely to suffer from depression due to increased brain activity . ""
The biggest mistake you can make is holding onto someone who has already let you go .
Capricorn + Gemini : Both can be sarcastic , and find it stimulating to play off the other .
When your life feels overwhelming ... spend time on your knees & amp ; pray to your Lord & amp ; Savior ... for He is always wi
truth speaks honesty and honestly only a few hearts understand that spectrum of light .
You are ordained to handle it !
Lord use me today to make a positive difference in someone's life , amen .
This week on twitter : 6 new followers , 4 new unfollowers and followed 2 people via
Happiness is found when you stop comparing yourself to other people .
This week on twitter : One new follower , One new unfollower and followed 3 people via
Sometimes it is best to just ignore . Inspiration
This week on twitter : No new followers via
So I was playing around with the Photo Lab app on my phone and found some
The only limits are the ones that you create in your mind .
I can't login to amazon . It says that my login information is incorrect but it's the correct email and password . Pls fix this
My mom meant a woman in the Bahamas four years ago and they are still best friends to this day . I just think that's so awesome .
Maybe I'll just vacation alone this summer since no one else seems to have any interest .
Does anyone want to educate me on the difference between a MacBook Pro and a MacBook Air ? ? ?
I hate when girls screenshot their convos between them and their significant others . NOBODY GIVES A SHIT
too bad I'm a child until May
Then again I love myself and I'm fine with saying that because everyone should so probably I would still be happy if I didn't BUT
He's seriously the best , I've never learned more than I have from him , he's just taught me so much and I feel like I'm losing a part of me
Finally I will no longer have to see your ignorant mid twenties self all over my timeline because people don't know what a fuck you are
I sat at my computer so long tonight writing my process recording that I actually can't see straight
"" Please don't talk to me I'm just eating your lasagna ""
This yardsale is so entertaining
I'm drinking a "" blue motherfucker . ""
I got three moods and I got three looks
Ramen doesn't even taste good today
"" Tasha can you do me a favor and fill up my Elvis mug with water then put it in the microwave for 2 minutes and 39 seconds "" mom
let us shop for some 2gether
JAKE JUST WHALED ME WITH A WET PILLOW OMG
I COULD LOOP THIS FOREVER
Being broke would be better than spending another second in this place
Had my first mental breakdown of the semester and it's only week 3
Hate when people are careless about their jobs
I don't know what I'm watching but it is disturbing me ... That doesn't happen
Excited for my New Years with and ( Please no cops , guys ... )
so more like me ? ?
HOW CAN A GROWN WOMAN ACT SO MUCH LIKE AN ADOLESCENT
Dewey left for months to his home country with no notice to me and now I'm here with shit nails
- well acted . Please come back to Criminal Minds ! Your female fans already miss you !
- have a fantastic birthday ! Thanks so much for your outstanding role in a show that touches so many and brings such joy !
Our JoeyVotto FaceofMLB voting push this week has shown yet again we have the best fans in baseball !
I completed a puzzle in One Clue Crossword . Play now for free ! OneClueCrossword
I never thought I would hate a season more than I hate winter . The rainy season in Uganda is seriously killing me .
UgandaSocialMediaShutDown because we promote freedom of speech here , unless you're talking about the government or anything important .
The restaurant I was at just closed . Guess I'm gonna sit on the curb and try to figure my life out . Let's hope I don't get murdered .
Listening to MCR while drinking a green smoothie and preparing for brunch a brunch meeting . Who am I ? Seriously . Emo kid ? Or Adult ?
we were so close to 100 ! This is the second time it's happened !
Just tried taking my allergy meds in class , but forgot my coffee was hot . I burnt my tongue , spit the pill up , and made an obnoxious sound .
story of the day ! ! What 51 - year old Paul Deutsch said about his "" debut "" with the mnwild .
hawks will have a hard time recovering . They gave up once Smith left court .
VIDEO : D . C . police let man play pond hockey on the Capitol Reflecting Pool at sunrise ( via
thoughts on how this is Not an violation ?
Or just make family / unisex bathrooms and it doesn't matter a damn > _ >
Same 1427 went down about 3 hours ago and still not visible
Lmfao that's craigslist you're an idiot if you believe it
No idea who you are or how I found this tweet but js it looks like the guy you hit just had no idea what he was doing
Your bio says gamer , so I'd like to ask ... what are your favorite games / recent ones you've played ?
Hey there ! Going to stream at 6pm EST on BattleFront 2 ! Maybe well see a guest appearance from ? He
When the plane is fully booked by / Pepsilonist
I remember in 4th grade I recited the confrontation between Professor Quirrel / Voldemort and Harry Potter from the S
both are valid like salad
the poison leaves you eventually .
I just watched them , thank u
is the show online ? I only saw about 25 min due to the local station having coverage about a killer captured .
you're only an hour away Merry Christmas
Retweet for a chance to win this SIGNED set list from her show in Knoxville !
the venue website now lists Anna and Demitry , wish it was Tristan .
it hasn't been the same in years
Do you know when Hollywood Game night airs with you ?
resting just got back from seeing Lady A and Little Big Town
I didn't either feel bad for Tom the date said today
Just preordered your cd , looking forward to receiving it . turningpoint
can't wait for it 2arrive she's supposed to sign it for me tonight
Will there be signed copies available ?
so sad just found out Nashville was cancelled
finally will get to see u in concert 2nd row in Oct hopefully will get 2 meet u
for me she was the surprise of the evening , good luck next week
hope you come to PA or do I have to go to Radio City again
looks like u and Emma might be in the finals so happy for you both
So happy she deserved it
was nice meeting u yesterday . Thanks for the photos and autographs . Here's my album
praying for Florida , stay safe
here are my photos nice seeing u and John again
More SailorMoon eyeliners ! !
Made pink waffles : D pinkfood
Choose Johan ! Let's try the most famous free-to-play dating simhttps :/ / t.co / x8 cepCk 2Dp #accela
I believe technology failed Jasmine . Let's try the most famous free-to-play dating simhttps :/ / t.co / x8 cepCk 2Dp #accela
Glad to be back . Let's try the most famous free-to-play dating simhttps :/ / t.co / x8 cepCk 2Dp #accela
The one that got away . Let's try the most famous free-to-play dating simhttps :/ / t.co / x8 cepCk 2Dp #accela
u can play apps , view ads , click links , etc right from your smartphone to earn $ $ . inbox me if u need help .
I completed a cash offer and was rewarded with $ 0.25 !
I love using to securely access any sites and apps . Try it , its completely FREE !
Don't know what to do , or who to trust ...
He understands that when you are upset he is wrong and should promptly apologize . TSM
Dear fog , Go away . Love , Haley flightdelayed
IM SORRY , WHAT ? ! preyforandrea
Having eight pairs of identical black leggings and still having a favorite . TSM
So good to be home watching the big game with family let's go Gamecocks ! ! ! !
No . 1 pick in the NFLDraft ! ! Gamecocks All-American JADEVEON CLOWNEY ! !
Everything around me is changing so quickly , and I don't like it .
Everyone's buying milk and bread for the "" snowpocalypse "" and I'm just like "" pizza rolls are this way , right ? ""
BREAKING : Oklahoma appeals court grants two-week stay of execution for Richard Glossip , hours before planned execution .
They actually have "" Team "" Stefan and "" Team "" Damon stuff ! How dare they compare TVD to Twilight !
ReWatching The Secret Circle "" Pilot "" . savethecircle bringbackthesecretcircle TheSecretCircle
I'm not sure if Diana was upset that Cassie found her family book of shadows . bound to abcfamily
I'm watching Being Human ( U . S . ) ( 3023 others checked-in ) GetGlue
Is that a portrait of Mary in Mary's room ? Reign Reign GetGlue
That last scene of The Brothers Grimoire was way creepy and a bit disturbing . WitchesOfEastEnd
The answer is RenewWitchesOfEastEnd .
just another day with hannah ! have some ideas for us and can't wait to get to it !
what's going on ? I missed something ... Very confused
DirectorSmolderhalder Damon Damon Damon smh gotta love him tho !
where's the super bowl party gonna be
just set a new record for least tweets in a day ! !
Tom FastandFurious 12 Brady Breaking Ankles ! BestNFLPlay of Week 15 :
Took a shower , getting ready , 4 hours of sleep . GREAT ! so tired .
do you ever just want to go outside in the middle of the night and walk around and not actually do anything just observ
cake boss . Without a doubt .
Your mouth looks like you did bad things to an orc . - to
Ooo favors , does that mean i can use one of these favors to nake your parents buy me alcohol ? -
Celebrating dropping astronomy with by practicing animals in front of tour groups and getting ice cream . :D
I love the sound skateboards make rolling on the sidewalk random
and now is my kitty studyparty emilyisacat
Ah did it ! proudsister graduation
Closing the party standing by the bar erynnsgradparty classic
Im going to have twins . and im going to name them Jamarcus and Persephone . -
Guys ... i cant open the tequila . - thespeakeasy collectivegasp
This store is magical ... why am i so poor ? I would buy all the things
I was on a tweeting rampage last night . Hope you guys at least found it mildly funny haha
No one at this bar appreciates the fact that i know every single word to goodbye earl by the dixie chicks finethen
I'm loving this musicals tribute . oscars 2013
Guy on the bus has the exact same jacket as ... seeingdouble
is starting a lingerie company . Its called bibbity bobbity boobies .
Mom : vacation is in 4 weeks . We have to be bathing suit ready . Me : im bathing suit decent . Does that count ? clevelandsummer
haha hope i dont disappoint
Not a sexual fish tank . An actual fish tank . stupidboys
Of course , I say this now , but tomorrow I'm probably going to be comatose and not want to move .
3:58- Medina is 30 minutes away . We're supposed to be there in two minutes . No big . lefftradition
Real talk , everyone just start throwing songs and sheet music at me , because I have absolutely nothing right now singingforthenonmto
Alright , alright , alright . oscars 2014
don't forget waitress and bartender !
I was not built to be up this early . ugh
Still proud of this timehop
The accompanist was just playing random stuff an half the room started matching pitch awholenewworld whereami jillianauditionsforamusical
"" They told me to use Uber instead of a cab and I said why would I have a stranger drive me places ? "" overheardontheCTA
Pinning while hungry is dangerous . pinterest help pinpinpin
Fishbowl for dddaaayyyz maureen_leff staugustine The Backyard At Meehans
Through the fog of my cold , I've been labeling emails with yesterday's date all day today . Don't care , not changing it .
They could make me happy by at least removing the Food Resource from packs or give us a use for it .
LOL ! Now if they're just able to cut in line and into the Celebration Shop .
You're probably right . Or wrong .
AWESOME NEWS ! ! !
At least new to the app .
I'm happy when I'm right . Lol .
Cause he's the star of the movie . He's the A Lister . Maybe one day she will . But for now , top billing i
It would be unbelievable if Elfman were to team up his Batman Theme with John Williams Superman Theme for JusticeLeague . Just sayin !
John or Guy or both .
I want to be able to pick two random characters and not find a sl
You might need to listen to the upcoming episode of to fully understand that .
I asked my black son . He said it's not racist . Problem solved .
Nothing like a little Saturday baseball next to a Joint Forces Training Base !
HALLOWEEN ( 1978 ) DP : Dean Cundey Dir : John Carpenter More Shots :
His ethnicity is not the most important part of his character but it sure as fuck is part of his backstory
I'd throw Purge in there too but even though it's considered horror , I don't feel like it is .
Congrats buddy ! I was tough watching them 9,999 times each but I did it for you !
I meant it as a compliment . And the smart one I'm referring to is Andrea . Uh oh . Shit . POTENTIAL BACKFIRE ! ! ! !
Everyone knew about Weinstein apparently . Just like we all know about Trump and Clint
Thanks Fact Cop . Appreciate you letting me off with a warning . I'll be careful about speculating in the future .
Our Sports Episode is out now ! Great topics even if you're not a huge Sports fan !
My granddaughter entered a contest and came in 2nd ! Sooo proud of you Sophia ! She was tickled over each vote & amp ; comment !
Awesome ! You have a favorite of his ?
Since it takes place before Hobbit , it can be both .
Shit . I hope my alternate online identity never surfaces now .
Pratt going to save his dinosaur works for me . That's all I need .
That's technically sleeping in for me .
The Search for a Pet ! | Minecraft Xbox 360 ( 6 ): via
I liked a video Those Nights at Rachel's ( DEMO ) | Oculus Rift DK2 REACTION
I liked a video from CoryxKenshin : The Return
cmon guys what the heck stop hatin
ck1mil let's get it 1 mil ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I added a video to a playlist A . D . E . D . - Single
maybe i will follow .. maybe .. only if he's black .
it was time i let my true self ~ shine through ~
come to philly please ... please . pretty please
It's a coffee , cigar , and organizing day . Look forward to this evening to see my man this evening .
Easily the largest turnout in KansasCaucus history's lines far around the Century 2 site . KsVotes
It's starting to feel kinda normal to reuse rockets . Good . That's how it is for cars & amp ; airplanes and how it should be for roc
My brother used to tie my dolls up by their necks and hang them outside my bedroom door to scare me . Mysiblingisweird
I just pooped for the first time in 4 days . How's that for tmi ? !
I've had so many shots and beers and I feel completely fine lol
Who's ready for Wrestlemania tonight ? ?
lol yeah when I had 7 or 8am classes I checked my email as soon as I woke up hoping it was cancelled
Damn . Angels got some work to do ! !
I put hot sauce or tajin on just about everything !
hahaha that's totally what does it for me not gonna lie ! !
WALKOFF ! Brewers win ! drives in CaptainKirk to send the fans home happy ! MILvsSTL
he's so mature I can't even handle it
I get that Brock Lesner is a beast but that was waaaaay too much ! ! somuchblood
you gotta keep building on that !
Gone , but never forgotten . JDF 16FOREVER
Double fisting my beers at the Dodgers game rn you're jelly
I've been hiding a lot of people from my feed lately . I don't have the heart to completely delete them yet
I plan on stopping by !
I pretty much live off hot sauce in SoCal but for some reason Chipotle does me dirty
hahaha sometimes I catch myself asking stupid questions but nothing close to these
when is it closing ? I've never had it
sdflka ; sdjf ; kzjdfc ; alksejf ; lkasdjf ; lkasjdf ; lkjasdf ; lkjasdlfk ; cjasd ; lkfjaslkdf SB51
Giancarlo walk off bomb please wbc 2017
Lmao my mom hardly ever cooks bacon for breakfast and she completely burnt half of it
I'm talking SoCal in general ...
Yesss I'm so happy I'm not the only one ! !
Umm this dude straight up just tried walking into my apartment looking for the leasing office .
I love puppies ! Can't wait to meet her ! We are still working on a name
Or just burn it off in the toilet .
Really disappointed in people lately . Think before you speak and dont be so judgemental . What is so hard about just being nice ?
Im always in the mood for an 805 !
lol yes , such a fitting day for it too .
I mean , the guy who played Seamus ...
Totally non-sims , but this is my school a couple weeks ago winning . :-) 8-1 record this season so far .
How does someone bring up going to a football game with someone when you're not sure if you both like each other as friends or more ? ?
My cousin , oh my god . XD "" Try a hot tamale and some root beer ! It's like putting gasoline on a fire in your mouth ! ""
Back to completely stressing out over my social life , thank you person dearest , you are making my life hell .
Oh my god , I forgot you have to wear goggles for chemistry .
Going through my CC because there's too much that I don't use , and then I think I might actually open up sims 3 . :-)
Ended up giving up and felt so much better afterwards ( not having to deal with it all ) . :-)
Skype - c , , , ,
, , ... , )
Keaton 1936 . , 1953 . 50 - ..
And how it's silent movie homage where the music is conducted by one of the characters . LegionFX
Haven't read Oryx yet but I've heard her writing is different in each book . Worth the shot . I loved the writing and story
If the U . S . stands for LGBTQ rights , it must stand up for them everywhere . EyesOnChechnya
books from the guy or girls ' POV ?
And for those in trouble , please please reach out to adults . If the counselor is useless ( I've been there ! ) , go to parents , teachers 4 / ?
I think I'm going to need this thread this summer !
Doesn't this mean censoring and actual sets , though ? ( None of these have ever replaced the originals so I'm not wo
I always get "" Gettin Bi "" and "" I Gave You A UTI "" stuck in my head
Good , I need to read the dialogue parts ! !
Doesn't help this person posted it the first day of pride and has said openly anti-trans things in the past
THE COLOR PURPLE : so beautiful . Like . I don't have words . I just FELT things
I'm still only keeping Hulu around until I finish Battlestar Galactica because I'm not loving Handmaid's enough
I laughed at this and I'm going to be an English teacher . Not sure what that says about me
4 of 5 stars to If I Was Your Girl by Meredith Russo
Hi , excuse me , new essay .
' Doctor ' has no gender in English .
Check the school's website and portals even after you've got in / accepted . I got an alumni scholarship that way
I already follow you :)
Also , people do change and mature .
But it didn't make my top 5 either
Thank you guys ! ! ! I'm so glad I'm in this community
This is a good list
Because yes the show is in the future , but it's being made now . And representation means we know their orientation ...
But thats why we try to be as visible as possible and educate . Were all different . And I find myself writing more and more about this
US friends , this is literally one of the best written works ever and both fun and touching . Catch it on PBS tonight
So , lets talk about Twitter blocking bisexual for a minute ... because I cant help that this relates to a larger issue about bisexuality
Umm yes please ! ! I loved the Magic aspect of Secret Garden when I was younger
Never seen it . I tend to watch comedies mostly with my family ( tradition ? ) so I dont actively see
I also think FINDING PERFECT by Elly Swartz might fit in there ?
. @JohnHuddyFNC : The airstrikes have been ferocious . They've been aggressiveby both Russia & amp ; France . "" Greta
ToppsBook come to me you must - recruiter 9111 on SWCT
We just got some exclusive images from inside Homs , Syria . Snipers taking shots at civilians . Not enough US media is ...
AMNESTY MIDWEST RULES ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! AGM 12
I love watching woman's beach volleyball but they just don't have the power that the men do . Still entertaining though . GO MISTY AND KAREN ! !
Some were in custody for 30 hrs ! No sleep , food , etc . They were kids - they would do anything to make it stop . Say anything . PBS cp5
I hate Walmart ! Respect the Turkey ! ! Walmart : Close the store on Thanksgiving . via
if your question was "" do I want to see bears "" then yeah it does
maybe some options with all that extrea time you have :) via
Everyone who called Congress , or went to a town hall : they heard you , and millions of people will have health care because you
Death-qualified juries exclude citizens opposed to the death penalty . This skews the juror pool toward those more likely
Here is the statement we released in connection with our mid-year review of the deathpenalty in the U . S . in 2017 .
Ohio governor won't spare the life of seriously ill inmate AlvaCampbell
best part of monday ... MNF ... jk PLL
THANKS JUJIE ! love you ( and our absolutely amazing chem class ) toooo !
HAHAHAHA i love your songs and the legend "" I love youuu I wannna tell youu but I'm too afraid to do it when I'm ____ "" (:
that awkward moment when John asks me if I want a ride home and I'm deathly afraid of getting in his car conflicted
ourchildhood roth family outings every weekend , playing hurricane , american idol , nail salon game , safety box losers 4lyfe
That mood where you're just like : Fuck the fuck off , you annoying fucking fucker .
such a heartfelt goodbye latenightbonding
What if i told you .. that Alphabet Song is really twinkle winkle little star
Attention : I still have power
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry , show life a thousand reasons to smile
craving a nice CMS slushie right about now
that was a little harsh
Me in April : I'm gonna start studying for finals months in advance May : I'm gonna start studying two weeks ahead Now : I'll
I love my cat more than I love most people
"" oh my god I thought that was a llama "" - in all seriousness on some guy mowing his lawn wereinchatham
gossip girl & amp ; Geoffrey & amp ; choco mint chip = perfection
ordering the small pizza instead of the large was hands down the worst decision Josie and I have ever made
Yes that is me . I've learned in my career , "" serve you community fair and impartially "" "" support your community passionately
La la la la elmos world the only thing that can make a baby sit still
Is today gonna be awesome anytime soon ?
On to day of all days why do you have to be so mean
Sorry I didn't tell you :(
WORD . When people know nothing about her and hate - Shut Up ! Don't say bad things about Taylor if you ...
iOS Carnival fun ! Check out the Prize Wheel app , now free in the for your chance to win real prizes .
There's at least one person in your life that you can never stay mad at no matter how hard you try !
If you keep on believing , the dreams that you wish will come true . Cinderella
This is beautiful Texas Wild Flowers , Sugar Ridge , TX .
The best person in your life is the one who comes first in your mind after reading this .
PLL recap confused me . Made Spencer look kinda suspicious . Made me think things I thought I ruled out . UGH .
Video : Behind the scenes of Taylor's new fragrance Ad Campaign
ED is a lie , not a life . Choose recovery
HAHA like a boss Why you shouldn't cheat on your girlfriend
Just because you can't see something , doesn't mean it doesn't exist . Charlie ( The Santa Clause )
I'm very good at my imagination . It's the reality I can't understand .
The rain falls because water weighs in clouds , tears fall because the pain weighs on the soul .
WORD ! ! ! ! If you're gonna hate on Taylor don't get upset when we defend her .
When no one seems to care , share your loneliness with music .
"" TAYLOR SWIFT SONGS MUTHA TRUCKA , HAVE YOU GOT ANY ? "" I scream at the DJ , as I am kicked out of the club .
Before I die , i want to ..... ..
NEED ONE NOW ! ! ! ! Best diet coke ever
I get sad . I get insecure . I get jealous . I get lonely . I overreact . I make mistakes . But I promise I will always give yo
"" This seashore in Maldives is glowing due to Bioluminescence , emission of light by a living organism . ""
Follow and this for a chance to win a digital copy of 1989 - and a special surprise ! TS1989
Taylor swift said in an interview in 2015 that the media paints her as some character who sit in a bathtub full of dia
Retweet while you still can ...
it's not davidsons fault . Or Richards . It's guys like umby who show up 5 games a year . There's no points
what in the hell happens to the young "" talent "" on this team when we need offense ? gab . dub and anisimov give up shots for bad passes ?
And without every player playing their best every night you don't have a chance . The truth is always best
i hope the myth of jason kipnis being a good player dies this year . he is what his current stat line says he is . so so so bad
I can't believe you wrote that article about the Indians myths and truths . When did a . 273 avg become torching ?
I think the biggest problem with this team is a "" participation trophy "" mentality . They need a dugout fight . When Antonetti
and you aren't the first to forget the past 2 games .
you can't trade / bench / waive 25 guys so you can't really hold any of them accountable . After playing like this for
do you ever have direct access to the jackets players or coaches ?
the only thing that stops a service charge with a gun is a pissed off redneck with a gun .
muttonchops moistaches is now the name for my new character in my new play about Cowboy love in Victorian England .
how long can they waste a spot with Chisenhall ?
why can't I connect ? Is there still a problem with the server ?
my living room . Saw your story . Started to read your book . Thank you . Maybe I will make it through because of it
that's why you're a playoff pitcher . Hell of a job kid . Hell of a job
you voted for a reality tv star . Irony
Turn the flavor all the way up with this delicious Tropical Adobo Promotion PerdueCrew -
I'm shocked at the result
What a truly embarrassing franchise .
Ok . Like I said , dont get to watch much . I hope I am wrong next year .
Guns , beer and food . It doesn't get any more redneck than this .
Atlanta to Pittsburgh . Definitely think we're the only hungover people on this flight .
I'm don't like 3 - ways . I'm a selfish bitch . Come on !
Raleigh today . I would be more thrilled , but the Saturday before Christmas is the 2nd busiest shopping day of the year behind Black Friday ..
Mom : Johnny Manziel He's the quarterback for Florida St right ?
I can't even describe my happiness right now
Playing Yahtzee by myself . I need an intervention .
A good friend is one who is crazy and dysfunctional along with you .
Rainy days make me happy ... Weird I know .
Showing my parents my grades ..
I'm way more excited for the World Cup than I was for my 16th birthday .
I really don't want this game to go to penalties because I hate it when 5 shots on goal determine the winner after so much effort .
THERE IS A GOSSIP GIRL FOR THE 910
Today went from really awful to really great
Operation Unfollow People Who Post All Their Christmas Gifts 2k14 ( OUPWPATCF )
Barber : what you want man ? Phil : you know how to graph the parabola y =x ^ 2 Barber : I gotchu b
S / O TO JESUS FOR DYING FOR OUR SINS THEN BEING LIKE YEET AND COMING BACK ALIVE . JESUS IS AN OG
My track sunburn is on a whole different level .
. @laurenholiday12 on playing in the biggest game of her life and representing the USA .
I'm more of an E . E . Smith person myself .
Character goes a long way . If you want to be respected in the sport that you play than you better respect your opponents as much as yourself
Happy happy birthday yung lotto hope your day is full of a lotta coffee and powerball
I'll miss my cat the most
I just want someone to love me as much as Fox News ' obsession with Hillary Clinton's email scandal
Messi never fails to impress
President Obama unveils summer playlist . "" Been waiting to drop this . ""
New level of procrastination : googling new innovative ways to procrastinate
Really hoping 2017 is the year of the 3-21 comeback
TICKET PUNCHED ! is NCAAFinals bound in the 10K ! ! ! eugenebound NCAATF NCAAChampionship Furman
FU WOMEN 3rd ! ! ! ! !
Con el cumpleaero de hoy . happybirthday 29enero felizcumpleaos feliz familia family
U know it's time to go on a diet when u almost crash because ur too busy staring at the Big Mac picture on the side of a McDs truck
A Millinery Moment with Christine Moore BC17 BCSweepstakes -
I completed a cash offer and was rewarded with $ 1.50 !
Want to win $ 100 Visa Giftcard ? I just entered to win and you can too .
"" OH CAN OF BEEEEANS "" Brendan LB
I'm earning mPOINTS in Family Feud 2 Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Family Feud 2 iOS .
My Halloween treat to myself
The crafts I made today
How do you spend most of your time on the Internet ? Facebook and games
What's on your to-do list this weekend ? clean
oh my gosh this was 2 years ago ! time goes by way to fast
25 % through "" Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows "" : Goal is to be half finished by Sunday
Happy birthday TinaFey you stone-cold fox , and thanks for these wise words MondayMotivation
10 % done with The Green Mile , by Stephen King
He remembers His covenant forever , the promise He ordained for a thousand generations . Psalm 105:8
On page 233 of 496 of Small Sacrifices , by Ann Rule
Wow ! I just entered for a chance to win "" The Lost Spy ( Slim Moran Mysteries ) ( Kin ... "" by Kate Moira Ry .... giveaway
Cyber Monday Deal > ONLY $ 8 for Infinity Scarf > https://t.co / PRj 1qRZEC3 Get 40 % Off w'code - 9K4URX2U if missed giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" iPhone X Battery Case , ZeroLemon iPhone X 4000 ... "" by ZeroLemon . giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" POYOLEE Leather Passport Holder Cover Case All I ... "" by POYOLEE . giveaway
I always wonder why birds choose to stay in the same place . When they can fly anywhere . Then I ask myself the same thing ..
I want to go back to universal studios
I don't want a perfect relationship . I just want someone who I can act silly with , someone who treats me well and loves be ...
Move on , be strong inside , smile , look happy and act like there's nothing wrong .
ThatTeammate with the cool parents
Don't stop dreaming start doing !
Sometimes , there is no next time . Sometimes , there are no second chances . Sometimes , it's now or never .
"" @TheGoogleImages : Where the Caribbean meets the Atlantic in Eleuthera , Bahamas . here too
"" Believe that you're young enough , old enough , strong enough & amp ; so on to accomplish everything you want to do "" Joh ...
When the school plays the beach boys before school
I miss my brown hair already ...
Repeating only 9 more days isn't enough for me .. /:
So done .. So done .. So fucking done .
Plot twist : The parents are the ones getting grounded .
It definitely is a DirtyHeads JackJohnson Sublime kind of day . Reggae
I've had a 5 day weekend and I am not liking it ...
"" @MMonroePosts : We met for a reason , either you're a blessing or a lesson . "" To all the girls I've meet in Girl State (:
"" @Marilyn_AQuote : A relationship where you can just stay at home together instead of going out > "" I have that !
Hahaha bitch cause I deleted you off Facebook . You have my number . And I didn't see you texting me before ? Back the fuck up .
"" Grab a seat , grab a drink , try not to give a fuck what anyone thinks . "" Air Traffic Controllers .
I really have so much homework . I just don't want to work so that I can get it done /:
Goal : make my favorite teacher tear up . Accomplished .
Cuddling my pug on the couch in a thunderstorm .
The less I care the happier I am .
if this was not us in gym when Pat would split us apart
Have many times .. it's bad .
"" @gemarquezp : Aprender ... Y Amar siempre ... ""
Ojos durante un examen : - ( _ ) ( _ ) ( _ ) ( _ ) - Viene El Profesor ! ( _ )
Casi . Almost there ...
Cuando solicite la cancelacin entregue la tarjeta . Y ahora ni abonan el dinero ni puedo usar la tarjeta .
La realidad es una ilusin creada por nuestras creencias y costumbres . Cambia tus creencias y cambiaras tu realidad .
has been taken over by an alien .... follow me instead ..... i could care less about internet jobs for moms stupidspam
Forget that . I'm sleeping
well that would be much easier to fix lol ... I wanna see !
"" @baaabychels_ : WCW Aubree Kate
or favorite for a S / O .
I hate it when people sneeze all over their hand
That was the best thing that has happened all week
haha it likely I was doing something dumb !
sparknotes is a lovely invention btw
Why are you so hung up on that boy , you have no idea what he did to you
One second I feel one way and the next I feel another onthefence
Don't go back to less , just because you're too impatient to wait for the best .
Blocking someone doesn't mean they can't see your tweets , they just can't follow you .....
If you're getting your prom stuff at Geno's ... talk to me !
I just want to watch PLL
This political science is ridiculous
It's been wayyy too long since I've stayed at Rachel's house , this is a problem
I want someone to follow me around for like a week and tell me what job I should do ...
theo james appreciation tweet bc mmmm
35 more days though .... getthroughit
Not having to get up early tomorrow is nice
I don't want to hear about the bad blood anymore
"" Cinnamon roll hug me "" Luke says Everybody like "" lets join "" Thencomes the tears frazier crying
how do you like ' s tilted stage ?
I favorited a video Island Sound - Justin Wellington Official Music Video 2011
Far too many use stats as the whole story and not the actual games and how they ( @YouTube
I liked a video Joss Stone - While You're Out Looking For Sugar
I liked a video Melissa Etheridge - I'm The Only One
I liked a video Ella Henderson - Hold On , We're Going Home / Love Me Again ( Cover )
I liked a video Charlie the hoop jumping dancing Super dog
If you missed it , here is the most popular link among people I follow by
Link of the day ! Most popular link among people I follow is by
I liked a video from Epic Trick Shot Battle | Dude Perfect vs . Brodie Smith
it's the only way to live !
I liked a video from War Robots [WR] Tutorial - 10 Tips On How To Become A Better
SignsSheRatchet She still uses text signatures .
Upgrade your grilling go-tos with Promotion PerdueCrew -
same . Except I work at Calhoun's on the River . Just think about that for a second .
Hope LSU whoops the fuck out of them GeauxTigers
Really amuzes me that Alabama claims 16 national titles . Including one that they finished 20th in the AP poll and 5th
Haslam : ' Find out what happened ' when fire alert not sent
East Tennesseans take part in March For Life in Washington , DC WATE
BREAKING : Tennessee has hired Kevin Beard as their new receivers coach . Also added former Jags asst Tony Sorrentino as
Check out our variety of products ! Stock your kitchen with tons of options promotion PerdueCrew -
Large pothole reported , State Route 131 at Bell Road in Knox County , delays expected . Use caution in this area . TDOT cre
Tired of boring burgers ? Give this Apple Bacon Turkey Burger a try ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
"" Sweet baby Jesus , please don't let us lose to Vanderbilt again . ""
Detective Jeff Payne assaulted & amp ; arrested nurse Alex Wubbels for doing her job , obeying the law . So infuriating .
IRMA is still bigger than Texas and more than twice as big as last Cat . 5 to strike the U . S . , Andrew ' 92
Don't eat another sad Caesar salad , pump it up with Give this recipe a try Promotion PerdueCrew -
The older I get the more I realize I just don't want certain types of people around me anymore . Some people just stunt your
Jon Gruden just said , "" boy , I miss coaching . ""
More than a feelingI think Im dreaming I see my coach there running through T
Alvin Kamara scoop and score , ties game with 2 - point conversion , too . Big game for former Vol .
Im very thankful Jesus has allowed me to maintain some of my sanity this footvols season
"" i'm not that drunk "" * walks into bathroom * "" ok i'm drunk *
Jim Haslam is at this game . Why arent we booing him ? VolTwitter
I can still think of one established Power Five coach with a history of winning in tough places to win who would take the
All Tigers in this one ! Clemson destroys Miami in ACC Championship , 38-3
If Fulmer's hire wins a SEC title in his first three years I'll get "" Come Together "" tattooed on my cheeks .
What part of ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS YOU ! Dont you understand ?
People outside of NYC : TERRORISM ! ! ! ! ! New Yorkers : Dudes a loser with a crappy bomb whos crowning life achievement is
Hearing ' bye bye ' is a great way to end this shitastic day
( 206 ): he ate me out like 4 times and told me that my vagina "" was too much fun "" .
Brandy Melville > > >
i gotta carry my phone around with me 24/7 just in case nobody texts me
I feel like my thighs got bigger
Awhh the blue & amp ; red umbrella story is so cute
I really need to learn the difference between being hungry and being bored
Welllll that was a mistake
Megan's pregnant ! ! ! !
What the fuck just happened
"" O-M-JIZZ "" - Newman
I want to get our of my car and strangle people 99 % of the time I drive .
Why do me and meg keep getting handed bottles .
Awh meg wanted the d
* opens 27 snapchats and doesnt reply to a single one *
I love girls who compliment other girls . Too many girls thinking it's a competition these days . It's nice to be nice .
I really can't deal with these dumb ass drivers
when u got like 15 essays 4 assignments and 6 exams to study for and u just chill in bed contemplating ur whole life
Happy 20th birthday Nic ! I hope you have an amazing day . I love you & amp ; hope to see you soon ! throwbackpics
my music library ranges from being too sexual , too depressing , or too hood
KEEP PAUSING THIS VINE I PROMISE YOU IT MAKES IT 10X MORE FUNNY
I get it , refs like to swallow whistle but check this trip by Jefferson . Wow
"" John is being unfairly tried in the media , and by those who don't have all the facts . Like many conservatives ...
House Republicans Want To Cut Nearly $ 1 Billion In Renewable Funding For 2014
Senator Orin Hatch hand the pension system over to life-insurance companies
Most of the jokes were separate from the music , but on a couple of songs like Martins originals "" Atheists Aint ...
OGDEN The temperature is 199 degrees .
Not only are we on the bottom of the pyramid , we're all Simpson cartoons .
Today marks 150 days the Senate passed its budget . GOP continues to resist going to conference :
New Dems . @RepJaredPolis and . @RepGaryPeters have reached across party lines to form a caucus on innovation and entrepr
In California , nearly 300K people saved $ 574 million on prescription drug costs . obamacosts our sta
The latest on how ACA and Obamacosts you less .
Maryland Gov . Martin O'Malley is messing with Texas :
Fascinating read via calling a moderate-GOP shows how crazy GOP in Congress has become .
Arizona's GOP Gov : Don't Defund Obamacare , We Need The Money
Weber County Forum : 2013 Ogden City Municipal Elections PARODY Special ...
Good luck to of & amp ; on his City Council race today !
Clarification--ONLY way to invalidate Swallow's pension is a criminal conviction--which is why I am forwarding report to p
Schemers , fibbers , and flip-floppers : a who's who of the GOP's 2016 field - - >
Today's news about enrollment in the Obamacare exchanges shows an encouraging trend . 2.2 million and growing .
Weber Democrats and Republicans laud proposed change in political system . standardexaminer Utahnews
. @JoeBiden just launched a new resource for students & amp ; administrators fighting sexual assault on
Hey Central Committee members ! Dont forget we have a meeting tonight at 6:30 at the Weber Democrats Office on ...
Utah Democrat Party Chair Peter Corroon was up in Weber County knocking on doors today for Deana Froerer . Join ...
811 delegates today at utdemcon
As hes shown his entire life , dont bet against John McCain . Best wishes to him for a swift recovery .
Privilege is saving confederacy statues because they're ' historic ' but bulldozing through ancient sacred sites & amp ; artifact
It's only quiet if we let it be quiet . now to make answer for his sabotage .
Why is it even a question that accusers should be heard ? He is proud of & amp ; has bragged about his atrocious behavio
I've been hearing all kinds of things about blackfish . I don't know if I should watch it . From what I've been told ill just be angry .
I live for nights like tonight .
Spent the night with my two best friends
I'm going to be a mighty king so enemies beware !
Lmao that didn't take long I'm soaked .
My boyfriend is THE best .
Makes me angry that my grass isn't cut
This isn't fun . Ughh help
TBTW is OPEN tonight ! Tickets are $ 19 online / $ 25 at the door . Buy now : TerrorTime
I can already see how this is going to play out ..
Oh my gosh a guy that taught for my marching band , admits to sexual assault of a student . He was a creepy looking dude ! !
I have four tests coming up . Like what the heck people ? We just took one the other day
Quickly eat lunch then go to job number 2 ! !
This is going to be a lot of work .
Called it . Jeff thought I was getting married .
All these peeks at holiday makeup palettes are killing meeeee so pretty
Hide . Why ? I didn't do anything wrong . Why do I have to keep my mouth shut . I don't need anyone walking over me .
How come all my exs either have a baby or they are engaged and I can't get a night out to a haunted house ? Growing up sucks .
If a woman says ' Do what you want ' DO NOT DO WHAT YOU WANT , Stand still , do not blink , do not answer , don't even breat
stay off my ipad john .
Is it Thursday yet ?
Asked my mom to send me photos of what she's working on for the baby shower . She send me a damn photos of the dogs . I don't like secrets .
I made a comment that the trash smells . John still didn't get up to take it out . What does he not understand ? !
What happened to my five samples of lipstick Sephora ? Sephora yesimangry wah makeupJunkie
I really just sucked up water from the dogs water dish with the vacuum
I keep having people call my phone every single day about my credit cards and how they can lower my interest rate . Do they know how stupid
I need to get Chases Christmas photos done . I completely forgot thats a thing I do now .
go naked and paint yourself gold .. You can be an Oscar !
Release day ! "" Bill Nyes Unstoppable Book & amp ; New Greatest Generation "" Photo via htt
I hope so . It's tough making things fit together without giving away too much too early .
My Twitter is worth $ 7,943 . 52 today . Find Out Your Vanity Twitter Value Free - Click Here = = > freefollowers
WOW ! My Twitter is worth $ 8,204 . 82 today . Find Out Your Twitter Fantasy Value Free ! Click Here = = > RT Followme
Observe HO ice crystal clouds moving ... on Mars . Via our intrepid surface-dwelling weather reporte
Facebook's slashed my reach in half & amp ; Twitter keeps getting worse . Gotta branch out . I'll try Gab first . Come play .
John Kelly's horrific Civil War "" compromise "" exists today . It's called the Prison Industrial Complex .
This story would have been so much better if it came out during the primary that Donna Brazile was helping rig
blew it when they conspired to foist HRC upon us .
Kowtowing to corporatism is worse than battered spouse syndrome . Leaving the party requires no backup financing , ho
HillaryVictoryFund MoneyLaundering SlushFund DemExit DonnaBrazile DonnaBrazileRandomThoughts DNCRigged
Donna Brazile : Theyre a cult . Leftists : No shit Sherlock . Centrists : DONNA BRAZILE IS EVIL BERNIE IS EVIL SOCIALISTS A
Today would have been Hedy Lamarr's 103rd Birthday . She became a movie star , got bored , then got into science . She help
I have lived in communities decimated by drugs . Where the only way out for some was and contin
They need to feel secure and empowered to say "" No "" Not just to sexual advances but anything that they feel uncomfortab
White / capitalist feminism is a disease .
History emphatically says "" Yes "" .
Used to be a time when there were shootings + killings over alcohol , but that stopped when Prohibition was repealed .
And finally : If this Pay 2Play Party continues to refuse change / reform and almost guarantees another Trump win - especially
People working 50 years ago also watched their degree become obsolete . Fast Forward to today and add 6 figures of student
From Roy Moore to Conyers to Clinton / Wikileaks , it seems politicians ' favorite move is to try to attack the motives of the
Imagine if we stopped regular programming and hyperventilated everytime the US conducted a raid or drone strike , or dropp
The latest Israeli attack on Syria is not being reported in the West . The Jerusalem Post had a story briefly posted , but it
White liberals want "" peace "" to live out the illusion of progress without actually having to sacrifice anything . White c
Fixed it for you : "" We at wholeheartedly apologize to for broadcasting fake news about them , will come cl
Via his owning the Washington Post and having a CIA contract , Jeff Bezos removed all guess work as to w
If national political figures and half of twitter panics because a local socialist makes a medium post about someone bein
"" If you give a neoliberal a red herring , they'll probably want a glass of white wine to go with it "" WhineMoms
You pushed misspelled hashtags regarding NetNeutrality
No , Patty , name fucking names . I'm interested in taking out all the trash .
Click on "" Jill Stein "" that's trending & amp ; you'll see countless leading Dems - with large platforms - strongly implying if not
8 . Legitimized the coup in honduras
How I stay up till 6 am on Fridays doing nothing but get so tired if I do go out ...
Always nobody can change it
I'm hard-headed not hard-hearted . i may be stubborn at times but I have a dope heart & amp ; i care about others more than i real
So fckin jealous of everyone who seen cardi .
I believe that nothing is a coincidence . There's a reason behind everything that happens , and every single person who
Everybody got tattoos but me :-)
Being real is all I ask for
When ducks are having a better Spring Break than you
in a relationship , there's gonna be girls badder than your girl or guys doing better than your man . that's where the loyalty co
I really don't even wanna sleep
When you ain't got shit to do so you go shopping
Blunt and Hoodwinked night with babe
I got 0 beef if you don't like me that shit go one way bc idc
"" umm yea "" "" 21 21 21 "" "" thanks Ugly God "" "" Zaytoven "" "" 808 Mafia "" "" METRO BOOMIN WANT SOME MORE "" * lighter sparks , inhale * h
Niggas be like "" I use to talk to her "" , but the real question is was she talking back my nigga ?
I'm dating to marry .. If I don't see myself marrying you I'm not even gon fwu .
him : I'm hungry me :
I got people I don't talk to everyday that I'd take a bullet for on any occasion . But I'm still doin my own thing like the
Never be afraid to try some new cause life gets boring when you stay within the limits of what you already know
I'm fucking ready for a vacay
I just bought Studded Belt , 60s Hat , Chain Metallic Belt , Sequin Scarf Silver on Stardoll . Check out my Suite !
crossfire No I think its one of the most beautiful commercials weve had in a while . ^_^
Check out my Suite ! I just bought a new Black Mini Lolita Hat , Eclectic Boots !
Our new OuatCouple OutlawQueen Kiss Welcome to the Family ! ! ! <3 3x18 TrueLovsKiss
can you please tell us why did you change Elsa's dress ? Pleaseeer OUATseason 4 FrozenIsComing
Vampires seem more glamorous so that would be my first pick . But I really loved the zombies in WarmBodies Different
My top pick Floor Length Shirt from my latest shopping adventure at Starplaza !
Urge Hillary Clinton & amp ; D's to speak against a TPP lame-duck vote . Urge the WH to take TPP off the table .
Thank goodness , I thought it was just me . I played around with it a bit & was like so how's this different than wiki ?
Can't sleep again . I expect I'll start hallucinating sometime soon . It'll be a pleasant change .
It's too hot . I can't frickin ' sleep . This really sucks . Not a haiku .
I showed up on President's Day and still regret it . However , the 1 woman chair Olympics were a hoot . I hope we don't have security cams .
I love doing kung fu and improv but probably not at the same time .
I do know your pharmacy can give you a little bottle and print a new label for however many pills you want to take with you .
Today is Veterans Day . I have to work but I still love my Veterans . You are all heroes .
This is pretty neat ( via Mine is ALL cats .
My rheumatologist refilled my ankles with steroids . What a relief ! However my jaw is now cracking & popping so I got referred . sarcoidosis
Have you done a "" shots you set on fire "" show yet ? BTW love your videos !
A clothes folding machine you can make out of cardboard . Cool !
Mesmerized by Multnomah County OR's Faces of Meth : Before & After Gallery . Really creepy . Don't miss the last one .
I have friends that live 1 block away at a casa de pantalones . I think if you were to meet there would be a tear in space & time .
Thanksgiving pumpkins & amp ; ghosts ?
Hurray ! I've completed the ' Guardian Spirit ' quest in Mystery Manor game ! ipad ipadgames ...
Hurray ! I've completed the ' Spark of Life ' quest in Mystery Manor game ! ipad ipadgames gameinsight
Ugh . I need coffee and motivation .
I'd like to create a movement this Valentine's Day to change Kay Jewelers ' slogan to "" Every kiss begins with a deme ...
JMU campus featured ! In Pictures : Spring's Early Arrival -
Every time Thursday rolls around , I want to go to Dhall
Dear Romney campaign , I thought after the "" Amercia "" incident you all would learn to proofread . dying thisisgreat - ...
Lauren makes so many weird noises when we're watching prettylittleliars :-P
Jeremy Irons ( Henry IV ) did the voice of Scar . cannotunhear
First night sleeping in my new apt ... definitely gonna have to put up those light canceling curtains . toobright
LT probably should have used quotations to say "" in "" classes . Classes are real , I'm just taking them online for the first time :-P
Contemplating post on importance of upcoming election for archives--Romney promises to cut NEH , NEA , CPB & amp ; NPR-any ...
MentionAnAddiction - Dunkaroos . Fruit By The Foot . Gushers . 90sgirladdictions
Greek state broadcaster ERT cuts gay kiss from first episode of DowntonAbbey S1 , aired last night ...
agreed ... I'm just ready for all of this to be over .
* me texting Andrew * "" Po ! Power Rangers ! Pikachu ! Papa Smurf ! ... I'm only texting you things that begin with P ... "" MacysThanksgivingParade
Wait on the right man ladies . Lol . :)
View from our spot ... now just 7.5 more hours to go !
HBURG'S LEFT AID . THE ONE NEAR THE MILL . JMU Good to have in case Rite Aid is closed
Preorder Requiem , get a signed bookplate from and enter to get a phone call from her ! Details : ...
"" You fuck with my friends and I will kill you . It's my basic instinct . "" ~ Gabby truefriend
Overheard at Blue Mountain Coffees : "" I want a dirty chai . Because I'm a diiiiirty girl . "" sotheresthat
Is it fall yet ? I'm ready for more pumpkin ales ...
Ripping music to my new computer and look what all I found at home ... #nostalgia 90s
Where can I get one of those scarves from Slovakia ? Olympics 2014
Just finished week 3 day 1 of 10K Trainer with everymomentcounts run running health fitness
13 Days of Halloween Book Giveaway at ' s blog !
Check out the blog tour for Soul Crossed by Lisa Gail Green + enter to WIN tour prize bundle or Gift Card ! ( US / INT )
Look , another twitter battle ! :D
Make sure you get out and rockthevote today , Virginia ! ValleyVotes
I'm ready for fall , y'all !
We just had a release update last week . Support wanted to make sure we were current before I traveled to the conference . tlcu 17
God Bless Stan "" The Man "" Musial .
Your actions may have more impact today than you realize , sinc ... More for Aquarius
It's tempting to wag your tongue without even considering the ... More for Aquarius
The ONLY Oscar that's ever mattered to me . ( Goodnight , twitter ! )
The weight of your judgments is heavy enough now to motivate y ... More for Aquarius
St Louis KICKED A * * ! ! ! Best After Party all tour ! ! ! ! Amazing night all around ! Onward we roll ! thepackagetour
GRAND SLAM ALLEN CRAIG ! Allen Craig's first career grand slam puts the STLCards up 8-5 ! RBI No . 92-95 ! !
Can't seem to get my knee comfortable today , exactly what I need 12 days before I leave to walk thru 4 different theme parks ... * sigh *
What in the world is going on in Boston ? stlcards WorldSeries
Philip Seymour Hoffman . This is so unbearably sad .
Rain , rain go away ! It's OpeningDay ! ! ! Go STLCards 12in14
Matt Carpenter is the first Cardinal with 5 hits in a game since 9/4 / 2009 when Ryan Ludwick did it . STLCards
Today in 1951 , Eddie Gaedel walked in his only MLB plate appearance :
I was there last year . It's just as bad as it looks ...
The trailer for Episode VII is set to be the most viewed trailer of all-time
Saturday Night Live = my favorite all time show period . This is so much fun watching the 40 year anni show . Hey SNL ...
Hide the kids ! bansheealert DarbyOGill TCMParty
Save some goals for Friday , boys ! ! ! stlblues lgb
Thank you Cardinal fans for the ovation tonight . I will never forget it . Also appreciate Yadi and Lack for pausing so th
If they had their way , women will have to hold monthly funerals for their periods , like when you flush a goldfish . GOPD
I have one thing to say to Cubs fans and the national media crying about last night's strike zone ..... STLCards
Wait , the NFL relocation fee is $ 600 million ! ? ! That's the most absurd pointless fee I've ever heard of and I bank at B
Find out when the next edition of Treasures from the Disney Vault will air
Well , if she promises ...
Jonathan Groff set to return to Hamilton for filmed shows :
Every commercial break with no RogueOne trailer .
A very happy birthday to the one and only
Incredible performance from my friend You amaze me and not just onstage . Proud to work with you to end sexual as
Watch James Corden bring "" Crosswalk the Musical : Mary Poppins "" to the streets of London
thanks for the loaded nachos thanks for the plain nachos . Thank you cubs and card
thank you for being you :)
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning points with CricketRewards
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
It has been confirmed that there will be a two hour F . R . I . E . N . D . S reunion special ! ! ! FriendsReunion
On our way to see
That awkward moment when you accidentally say a thought out loud instead of just in your head .
IfYouKnowMeYouKnowThat I'm awkward . Obviously .
That awkward moment when someone is crying and you think of something funny and have to try your hardest not to laugh .
thoughts on a daily basi
damn I should've got bath bombs
That awkward moment when you say something that sounds wrong even though it sounded perfectly fine in your head .
no . U 2 better creaking text me so I can understand . I refuse 2 b left out
That awkward moment when you agree with someone just so they SHUT UP .
That awkward moment when you hear police sirens and get nervous even though you have absolutely no reason to .
When u break glass 4 AM but u don't clean up til 6AM
in 5 seconds for good luck
Do you and your best friend ever give each other the look when someones being annoying
rt if you got socks
* tries to get eight hours sleep in 3 hours *
This saves lives - PLEASE RETWEET
That happy feeling you get when someone thinks of you when they see something
I hope no one lowkey hates me . Highkey hate me . Hate me with every fiber of your being . Go big or go home
Meanwhile , I can barely get out of bed every morning ...
Henry and I have caught so many rattatas ? Does anyone else have a crapton of Rattatas ?
Am I watching this alone ?
I HATE BEING LIED TO I'M SUCH AN UNDERSTANDING PERSON I'M ONLY GONNA GET UPSET IF YOU KEEP IT FROM ME
Former Alabama Death Row inmate cuts deal , will be free within hours
What , they couldn't have served those papers during that ESPN documentary , Bad timing .
My financial planner tried to convince me to go with a Sepp Blatter instead of a Roth IRA , but I was concerned about tax def
. @big_dicta I figured you had a problem with the "" recruiting "" by throwing stupid big $ $ $ at these manus .
Earning every penny . Love it .
I'm not following . Please provide pictorial evidence .
Let's get one thing straight . My wife is fully aware of my man crush on Ryan Reynolds .
Tweet of the year , IMO
The state of New York has deemed daily fantasy sports illegal gambling . But it will gladly sell you a Powerball ticket .
A Boy , A Wizard , and a Pirate conspire to save a kidnapped girl and commit mass genocide ExplainAFilmPlotBadly
Watching the 7 - month old being force-fed Cherrios by my 2 - year old ( which is dressed like a Syrian refugee ) .
One hell of a prop .
Mark Fox jumped the fence to get into UGA football pro day . "" I'm an athlete , "" he said .
This thread is well worth reading .
Just heard that Jews on Twitter are being ' marked ' by Neo-Nazi trolls using triple parenthesis . I say that we should fu
I was told about this by another lawyer . Haven't checked it side by side yet , but I think this is it .
So , if you admit there are things that may be that you simply don't know , why atheism over agnosticism ?
When your daughter has jersey day at school and she doesn't have enough friends to wear all the teams 2missing
Apparently he was a rock star in the witness chair . taurustrial
Breakfast Brunch Elevensies Lunch Tea Time Dinner Supper Waffle House
Hahaha . Motion in lawsuit against has amazing title .
Yes . Jesus never said be charitable by way of gov't ( which by the way executed him without trial ) .
He ignores two facts : 1 ) Westbrook is bi-polar on the court ; and , 2 ) Oklahoma is not California .
$ AMZN buy & amp ; hold investors going against day traders like ....
For those who dream more efficiently , here is a mermaid that is a unicorn :
"" Take underwriting out of insurance ! ! ! ""
has the best moves . TheyDontDanceNoMore
The weigh-in before fight night is always awkward-sauce .
"" .. no i mean in Celsius "" canadianprobz
The list still hasn't been posted thesuspenseiskillingme
We bought an entire carton of girl guide cookies classicleefamily
16 days ? 16 Days ? ! ? 16 DAYS ! ! ! ! !
"" When Nucleophiles Attack "" chemistryhorrormovies
PREVIEW : VCats Travel to Providence Friday , Host Northeastern Sunday
Now to fill out the rest of the bracket ... marchmadness
Join NickMom Clique ! Share . Win . Repeat . It's as easy as that .
I've been raving about it to anyone who will listen , lol .
Saw a bad accident today . Praying for all involved .
New Girl Meets World photo ! Eeeeek ! Can't wait !
Lol , so did I :)
if you think he will always be the greatest
Overshare .... Ashton just "" fooped "" on the "" fotty "" . Really hoping this is the beginning of the end of diapers ....
I've had a knack from way back , breaking the rules once I learned the games .... RENT perfectfridaynight
same problem on my galaxy s3 .
Tonight's gonna be a great night .
Oh man .... long way to go , Lol
I'm watching Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 and earning great rewards from ViggleTV
what are you planning ?
This beautiful girl is now an 8th grade graduate . Watch out high school , here she comes .
that looks delicious . I want some
I love . so real .
I wish I could go with you .
... enough said ! Love you !
RedRose FinalRide SOAFX AnarchyAfterword idiotprophet Let's trend , bitches .
indeed ..... u Okay ?
you are most certainly not failing my dear .
My fitbit Fitstats_en_US for 9/22 / 2015 : 1,899 steps and 0.8 miles traveled .
The Kingdom's citizens are happy to have Hovel ! Try to build it too ! android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I've collected 462 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
The Kingdom's citizens are happy to have Hovel ! Try to build it too ! android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
My fitbit Fitstats_en_US for 6/22 / 2016 : 7,207 steps and 3 miles traveled .
My fitbit Fitstats_en_US for 2/22 / 2017 : 10,796 steps and 4.6 miles traveled .
Bourbon and Burger in Batavia is awesome .
for a follow if I'm not filling you
only one who gonna get beat up is you .
Happy Birthday to my idol
when I was gay I thought I was in the third grade
No matter what the weather is like , athletes always have on shorts .
Donnie Tyndall out as Tennessees basketball coach , a source told Story :
KD BOUT TO GET THAT RING
Why have three softball games on a Saturday when you can have four ! ?
"" High school guard bounces ball off defender's face before going for layup "" via Who is this poor kid lol
Drake got peed on by TI's drunk friend Cap at the Takers premiere in Hollywood . ( or so I heard from reliable sources )
Pope Francis : "" As the son of an immigrant family , I am happy to be a guest in this country . ""
George Mason opened the season with losses to Colgate & amp ; Mercer . It has now beaten Ole Miss & amp ; Oklahoma State on back-to-ba
Taken 20 Years Ago Today : Allen Iverson splits defenders in Hoyas 67-64 win over BC
Well run the same system in as we do here . Hoping we have someone there to help for summer league . - Rich C
Gun violence is ripping apart peoples lives . They are trying to tell us . We need to listen . Hillary
Junior plotting on how he can steal his tennis ball back from Roxy
"" Why North Carolina is so important in 2016 "" Vote vote vote !
Steve Kerr , the Golden State Warriors coach , was touched by terrorism in the most personal way
8 years as President . A lifetime of being a fan of the game . ObamaOut
Heres Joseph waving at Iraqi kids while on patrol a few months before he was killed . I REALLY DONT CARE ABOUT YOUR
With Kevin Durant's health status up in the air , will sign Matt Barnes through the rest of the season .
The bigotry behind Colin Kaepernicks unemployment
IN NEW YORK I MILLY ROCK
For months , Lavar Ball has been outspoken about his son . Today , it's Lonzo's turn :
Kind of feel bad for the guy . Be careful who you're loyal to , paisan ! !
sister tragic death . Gordon Hayward paid he's dues as well and decided to do what's best for him and family . Put in the work
Woke up in such a good mood but now my heart is so heavy hearing about Las Vegas . Prayers & amp ; love to all impacted . When does this end ?
In the criminal justice system , sexually based offenses are considered especially heinous . In New York City , the dedicated dete
So what goes on in the Purple Room ? Thanks for the follow ! ! !
this "" man "" should be humanely euthanized .
you're pretty original jeff !
Wow , I wasn't expecting this ! ! !
' Leaked ' iPhone 5 photos look good enough to be real - Fox News
Severe weather is possible tonight in Central Indiana . More on that in my forecast on News at 6pm - just 30 ...
That's hilarious . Ladies , Please Leave This Man Alone . He's Playing a Video Game . [Video]
Not bad , would have liked to see ZombiU though . Wii U ad reveals the Commercial Family Warehouse
Instead of trying to engage me in discussion like an adult he runs and hides . That makes all of you at Kotaku look bad .
What the h , Treyarch ? Black Ops 2 servers down again ? What the hell is wrong with these things ?
He definitely is unique . More weird stuff about Rajon Rondo
That is pretty funny . Why Am I Crying Laughing at This Cat Playing With a Vacuum ?
Also , forcing people to be online once / day precludes a large portion of yor potential audience . 40 % of 360 owners never went online
I'm getting so excited for Soul Saga , especially the airship battles , ala Skies of Arcadia . Getting it for Wii U . -
Sounds pretty cool . I'll try it out . "" Warframe's PS4 port keeps the action fast and the price low ""
Weeden has been playing pretty badly , it's time for a change . - Browns bench Weeden Campbell to start
It would be like me booing LeBron James solely because he's black . Booing someone just because they're different than you are is just dumb .
With him and Ward , the secondary looks much better . "" Sources : Talib gets $ 57M deal from Broncos ""
Hell yeah , I love E3 . Let's do this . "" Twitch schedules its E3 broadcasts ""
I'm very excited for current gen only . Sad for last gen people but great reason to get PS4 or XB1 . I can't wait for the game
I just earned 4 Points from searching the web on instaGC .
They definitely needed to keep him and Nelson together . "" Source : Pack keep Cobb for 4 years , $ 40M ""
I just earned 5 Points from searching the web via
Can you guys fix the loadtimes ? . Sometimes it's quick , then others are forever . I was at a load screen for literally 6 minutes ...
I just earned 4 Points from searching the web via
I just earned 2 Points from searching the web via
Bullshit . It was a ploy to get people talking about the show and seriously hurts their credibility . -
Sweet , I wish more games would do this . Co-op rules . "" Homefront : The Revolution has four player co-op ""
Memo to and others , quit making people download DLC they'll never buy . I'm done doing that shit .
Great game by OKC . That second half was intense . "" Westbrook : OKC must be physical to tame Curry ""
Dylan Noble was white man shot and killed by coward cops too . There may be a racial aspect to all this but I think the real problem is blue
Good , I like seeing this stuff . "" Microsoft taking jabs at Sony with recent tweets ""
Ugh , this Eric Church guy sucks . Bunch of country horseshit . Guess it'll be a garbage football day musically all around . WASvsDAL
Thought about it . Probably could have / should have , but I also thought that he could recover . Probably should have UGLY though
What are you talking about ? My friends didn't lie to me . I know what I'm saying . Hitting your kid f
Uh ... she said that all white people are racist . You have to go by what the now-deleted posts were , no
You've got all this talk about whether cracker is racist or not . Just like with anthem protests . He sm
Where are you getting racism from ? Again , if Kaep were good enough , he would be signed . If he could win you games , he's signed .
Wrong . Right hand never left ball . Ball also crossed plane . Once that happens , it's a TD .
It's well into Monday morning and I had to come to grips that isn't gonna come on ! February is not a good month !
I'm so sorry to hear that , Annabelle . She is amazing ! She'll return , I'm sure .
Good luck , Mr . . Sure as hell wish we were able to watch .
Holy cow , I won a $ 300 online tourney this afternoon !
goseki : Hope so , yes I Googled it , Jane . ( live at
Twitter is like ham radio propagation . Just before sunrise the tweets ( stations ) popping in .
Really , good gosh !
Visit my author page on Amazon
Thank you , Mrs . Marcus - 8th Grade !
No , I truly don't fear the house or the ' nasties ' that reside in and around it . One day I will do the needed 1 on 1 with it !
Thanks for the retweets this week much appreciated ! Grow followers
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect :) have a great Monday . > >
Breaking Blue is proud to play this year's Otto Township Old Home Days !
Hello 232 followers - thank you so much for following ! Wishing you all a happy Friday ! > > Get ?
Bernie was paid off to support Why not ? The poor man had no chance against lawlessness .
Hillary , I'm not sure about each individual , but do ME a favor - STFU !
Here's Angel and Sophia in the first snowfall .
Due to the large amount of "" friends "" I have on Facebook , scrolling through my news feed can be an arduous task ....
Anyone need anything in Arcade ? On the way if ya do .
Another damned shooting in San Bernardino .
Scattergories ... with a twist ! ! IT'S HARDER THAN YOU THINK ! ! ! Every answer must start with the last letter of your ...
Another $ 100 Box of Jefferson Nickels - Coin Roll Hunting : via
A taco from Tasta Pizza of Olean is gonna be on its way here soon !
I added a video to a playlist You Bet Your Life 55-12 Pancho Gonzalez , top-ranked pro tennis player
Mike , are you getting any of this ? ?
I added a video to a playlist It's Time to Give This 1994 S NGC Graded Proof Dime Away TONIGHT FOR
Coin Roll Hunting a Box of Pennies : via
how you gone ask that when you took that womans husband lol shouldve gotten with common but serena got that on lock lol
U can pull sumbody from the mud , clean em up , put fresh clothes on em & that still don't stop ' em from doing you dirty . ...
I been ok missing u ! !
What you give out will be returned to you .
hey my born date tomorrow i want more followers come on teamscropio follow me follow me follow me .......
any theme in mind ?
I need some pussy why bitches wanna act stuck up in wilmington justsaying
When people know the power they have over you , especially when it's hurtful , stop giving it to them . You have the p ...
just hot ham and cheese sandwich it was good lol
status now im in a relationship lond distance at that but im happy changing my facebook status too whyyoumad
yall going ham for the wrong reasons give me a good drink and a great book im good shouts out to all my urban authors
I honestly couldnt function without football lovethegame
* * * * soooooooo who cares * * * *
hey its friday and the power out ! !
my thoughts are with at this time i cant do alot but i can send my prayers kyle ! !
NationalInventorsDay Encourage ur child to greatness ! Ideas ReadingIsCool RaiseAReader
With the NewSchoolYear just around the corner , get your Kids something they'll use !
Life's a bitch and then you die , fuck the world , let's all get high .
I voted for The Elder Scrolls 5 : Skyrim in Videogame Deathmatch !
If you think fertilized eggs are people but refugee kids aren't , you're going to have to stop pretending your concerns
43 % through "" The Nightblade Epic First Trilogy Box Set : Books 1-3 of The Nightblade Epic "" :
Tempe Tempest : The Latest Disrespect to Writers at Demand Media S ...
Fibromyalgia symptoms may be caused by treatable virus via
Two Piece Skull Pendant Focal Bead Set by Faeriewynd via
Read Every Word : An open letter to whites about the black community and the Trayvon Martin case : via
10 Things You Should Say to Someone with a Chronic Illness
A Cops take on Ferguson via
Revolution for Sale : Pride , Community , and Advertising via
I just won 7 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
No joke : Iceland's Pirate Party surges into first place in the polls via
Veteran works 30 jobs in 30 days - 3TV | Phoenix Breaking News , Weather , Sport
Man Gives Poor Kid Ride In His New Car . But What Followed Shook Him To The Core . via
President's Budget Proposal Seeks $ 35M for School Kitchen Equipment via
A weekend of vineyard tours , wine tastings and delicious meals awaits you . Enter now !
Check out Waterworth Writes . NSFW or anyone easily offended . She's a damned fun writer and editor . Enjoy !
I'm in the running to win the Ultimate Kitchen Bundle . Thanks chefremi
Biz kimseyi terk etmedik , sadece onlara yollar sunduk onlar ise bizsiz olan yolu setiler .
2 tane net penaltmz verilmedi . Uefa elinden geleni hep yapyor.im di 15.am piyonluk ve 3 . yldz zaman
If you search for 2415439 03 in Google images , you will find a lot of pictures of people putting their heads in refrigerators .
Holds door open . Person still 50 feet away .
here's to the kids who sing in the car
I hope you're not implying that school should slow down . thatwouldbeterrible
u r fabulus all da tyme bebe
I knew you were lurkin somewhere ...
the amount of joy this brought me is absurd .
wcw with this beautiful lady
how right you are ...
"" just leave your hair down ; long hair , don't care . "" thanks darius .
Texting you would seriously be like the best thing ever ..
has me addicted to Wicked Games .. newfav
when a guy wears that one cologne where all you want to do is bury your face in their chest and sniff because they smell t
I rt way too much .. sorry
Whatever , I'll just date myself .
I keep hoping you'll remember me ..
"" I hate his guts but I love him at the same time ""
Give me faith , to trust what You say .
Man that girl sure loves to fish
Baseball season is the best season
I want to laugh and cry at the same time
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher .
i dont say no to drugs i say no thank you because i wasnt raised in a fucking barn like some of you hoodlums
when I get 0 retweets
I just can't get you off my mind .
when your parents are talking to their friends and you're ready to go
text a girl ' ' hey beautiful ' ' and trust me , you could make her whole day
only me ? me in math
Raisin cookies that look like chocolate chip cookies is the main reason I have trust issues .
Not having friends has the same health risks as smoking a pack of cigarette a day
WHERE WAS THIS WHEN MY EYES WERE BURNING
S / O to the awesome customer who told me I'm the happiest cashier
i sing along to blank space far too aggressively for someone who has a nonexistent list of ex-lovers
serving size : 4 yeah all 4 me
culture advertising essential How to Attract - - and Retain - - a More Diverse Agency Staff
"" pray for me "" = exceptional
Miami Ad students , cool idea on making reading more prevalent "" The Underground Library "" on Vimeo adstudents future
President Obama's message to SFBatKid >
Cool visual ... "" @espn : Kevin Durants career shot chart , brought to life by is mesmerizing .
Great stuff - - >
Hago mucho drama , Por que ?
Cuantas cosas mas tendrn que pasar para por fin entender ?
El personaje de Evan Peters en AHSroanoke
Como as la de Rob ? No , no se nada , aun me pierdo .
Que no le quepa la menor duda a este gobierno indigno , de que los jvenes venezolanos sern nuestro Ave Fnix armandoc
my fav kind of Lindsay
Forever buying / wearing crewnecks regardless of the weather .
Shoutout to for being a man and walking me to class
Those moments when you scare the soul out of your friends after Gino's
YES JEN U GO GURL
Pray hardest when it is hardest to pray .
I do this all the time
MyPromiseToYou is that I will always remain faithful and loyal to you .
FRY YOUR BRAIN WITH THE MAINE .
Can't have a nice evening outside without MOSQUITOS ATTACHING ME . Seriously mos ( quit ) os .
excited for Saturday bc I get to meet
Don't treat what you have like it's replaceable . If what you have is replaceable then it's just a thing , & amp ; you can always bu
i hate working but i love money
Can't stop watching music videos . Don't plan on trying to stop either .
"" i just need to get my shit together "" - me in 2009/2012 / this time last year / a minute ago / next year probably
Alex is buying me bath bombs today while he's in Columbus and I don't think life could get much better
THE brush you can not live without
It was all of the things I hate wrapped into one movie
I think the maine likes to rile us all up and then sit back and watch
I pray that 2017 is the year of growth for everyone . I hope everyone follows their dreams and accomplish their goals .
The same people who are against abortion are against free lunches for kids who wouldn't receive a meal all day otherwise
I pray whoever reads this , God heals what is hurting you .
When you text your girl but she's not in the mood
One part of trusting God is knowing that if something is meant to be , it will happen . So be patient . God's plans are bet
neither is winning a playoff game
Katy Perry is living it up in Oxford , celebrating the Ole Miss win by jumping off of bars
surprised it didn't have his "" Dave "" signature on it
I guess they don't take MasterCard here .
dipshit 1 meet dipshit 2
I'm earning mPOINTS with ShootDaBird !
I'm earning mPOINTS with GuessDaNumber ! app
Leap and the net will appear . quotes love instalove dailyloveapp
Im gonna do that from now on ! ! !
waduh nular . sora ud kyk doraemon . d tas perlengkapan byk bgt bt bantuin donghae
30an gt . mukany kyk ahjussi tkg mabok dpelem 2 lol
IJUN MASI GESIT LOL [ Kimjungeun's chocolate ] MoonHeejun - Talking & amp ; We are the future & amp ; Take ... : via
haha tp mayan bgs koq makany g ntn . g skrg kn males bgt ntn drama kl ga yg bnr 2 bkn g demen lol
happy birthday baby Q ! !
If you use the term "" yeah I tapped that "" or "" I'd tap that "" it probably means you ain't tappin SHIT .
yah gt deh dsini taon ini byk badai . dtmp g bln lalu jg gt ujan trus tornado . tp untungny ga knp 2 . ujan es gt mpe mobil pd rusak
lol .. hopefully bap win the award ! ! Fingers crossed
omg omg H . O . T and Sechskies to possibly make a comeback ?
haha kgk lah . dia ngerti koq . iy ud sampe ye . enyak 2
MY FIRST BOYBAND CRUSH ! ! Westlife - If I Let You Go : via
T___T all so far away .
! ? ? ? ? =( .. ..
lho sdh ganti ? ? dl jungyunho
meneketehe . fans gila . brabe kl mpe delacc . Yg aktif cm himchan doank . YG dl kl ngtwit . trus pd sk reply aneh 2 . ujung 2ny twit ddelete
I never use the little twist ties to close the loaf of bread . I spin the bag and tuck it under the loaf of bread
iy ud keren gt ms kalah ma "" kaos ank abg "" lol
lol jgn alibi ah . kl ngikutin yg salah mulu ntr jd malu 2in ndiri . kyk yg serink g liat d fb . inggrisny ya olo . pk indo aj napa sih
ah pendek bgt . ga seru . byg ga gt ksorot . trs mfbty aj yg laen kek masako aj . taon lalu yg ad simond lbh keren
Try Lemon Chicken Pasta with Green Beans made with PerdueCrew promotion -
iPad Pro 9.7 International Giveaway giveaway
tiffany and I always fight about oomf
Wish I was at the Chance concert mannn
My whole time line is about Dulla's balls
10 - Physics tho . Physics . but haha it never occurred to me till this year how cool you are . Thx for helping me in HOA , i hope we talk more !
the moon outside looks so nice
luv spoiling people with gifts
finished reading eleanor & amp ; park ... smh i am disappointed
Omg I'm so weak u r a god
I gave Jared that ! ! !
What happened to all of u "" when I turn 18 I'm moving to California "" people
I say "" idk "" but REALLY , I BE KNOWIN
I love being in control
! ! ! I'm so bored ! ! !
"" So what's your major ? ""
Need to fix my sleep schedule
Some photos I took today . My best friend is a beautiful flower and no one is worthy .
lmao this still goes !
My self esteem so trash sometimes lol needa work on that
me and riley dropping our EP this week 4/7 s / o and for the cover art htt
Happy birthday girl ! ! Thanks for always looking out
We got coffee and snacks ! !
Who has tumblr ? Drop names sooo I cann follllow you . bored
I am loving this surprises and twist plus turns in this episode PLLChat
Currently wishing I was somewhere in the mountains laying in a hammock without a care in the world
When someone doesn't understand that you're a princess and you're tired of their shit
When you have homework and responsibilities to get done but instead you decide to nap . Mmmm nap .
me trying to escape all of my problems
NEVER BEEF WITH YOUR BRO OVER A HOE
i don't need you to understand me , i understand me
Passed my ASVAB finally . proudofmyself
Not gone lie this look Lit
I want to be a alien and be in another galaxy that is not this eart
Same inevitable thing every single night into dawn .
I really wanna watch Veronica rock the fuck out of Cheryl . Riverdale
Photographer captured a photo after they told me I was beautiful .
I don't give a fuck if I'm a nark . If you punch an animal in the face you deserve to be charged with animal abuse .
Add a fan with thattt
I knew those were Emily's eggs ! pll
FactCheck 1 . I don't think I'm that tough . 2 . I definitely do stupid things sometimes . 3 . I'd be so gay if you were th
Alison & amp ; Spencer's bangs coincide with their ownership of the Lost Woods Resort lol
city of stars , are you shining just for me ?
Idk about y'all but it makes me really happy to be nice to other people . Even when they don't deserve it , even if they're a
WhyImStillSingleIn 4Words Miss Piggy hasn't called .
Since her mom died last year , Dipuo , has been caring single handedly for her younger brother & amp ; sister . She has a diploma as
A TRIBUTE SONG FOR INDOE ... FROM PSB . wmv via
Get your click ! on and VOTE TownBidness to the top Go ...
Fans of good music must follow ...
| TOWNBIDNES NEW Video , ' MAKE YOU DANCE ' feat . Sick Wid It Records Artist BigOMeezy |
| NEW Video , ' MAKE YOU DANCE ' feat . Sick Wid It Records Artist
HIP HOP VIDEOS | Town Bidness - ATM
New Video Ft . SICK WID IT Recording Artist BIG OMEZZY Produced by DJ CHILL "" Make You Dance "" :
Without a vision , we will parish ! visionary probverbs 29
If someone SERIOUSLY wants to be a part of your life , they will SERIOUSLY make an effort to be in it .
twitter is just talking to yourself in hope someone replies
What makes you nervous ? crowds , enclosed spaces , silence , noises i can't explain ......
Today stats : one new follower and 2 new unfollowers via
Today stats : one new unfollower via
Today stats : No new followers , One unfollower via
Today stats : No new followers , One unfollower via
But really friend : do you ever wonder what the person you're going to marry is doing at this very moment
Today stats : No new followers , One unfollower and followed one person via
BREAKING : + other celebs unite for to stop TPP toxic trade deal ! via
What do you call a T-Rex's bruise ?
the redneck Christmas funniest episode yet ! My wife and I loved it . Congrats on all your success !
Just purchased 1 MP - 443 Grach 140mafia
Check out this great video ! Play Dark Summoner now ! App Storehttp :/ / t.co / 4FSBe5EE DarkSummoner
Best Card Battle game : ReignD
How cool is it that the enables me to play games & amp ; win freemoney with no risk !
When the elderly die , the past dies ; When the children die , the future dies .
My husband sure knows how to make me happy . organichotdogs turkeydog allnatural nopreservatives
"" Listen To Theses Rhymes "" Ft . Mr . Wild Available on iTunes ( follow link )
words cannot express how much I love this tweet words cannot describe how much I love YOU ! forrealzzz
NOLA - NO ONE LIKES ALABAMA ! LSUBCS BeatBama
whaaaaaa ? ? Maybe I can smuggle the rest somewhere . I'll bring you candy tomorrow . Motivation ? ?
Happy Birthday to my sweet and beautiful Wooo woooo ! ! ! princess loveyou
congrats Britt ! ! ! That's so exciting ! ! ! smarty
I wish I were a glow worm . A glow worm's never glum . ' Cause how can you be grumpy when the sun shines out your bum ? !
What did Barack Obama say to Michelle when he proposed ? "" I don't wanna be obama self . ""
BACK ON TWITTER ! ! !
I love that I have a little that completely makes my day !
Can't wait to dig into some yummy marinated pork chops in a little bit
Surprise late date night from my sweet boyfriend after a long day !
I love all of these love emojis . You are too cute ! !
I've got my fingers crossed for you right now ! ! !
that would be awesome ! My boyfriend would LOVE to actually come up there for a game and it would be so fun catching up !
Happy birthday to the cutest grand little there ever was
Can Garth Brooks come back into town already ?
Your friends treasure every bit of you . DaDailyCompliment
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Memory Training .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Art Deviant .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily Word w / mPoints .
Happy Birthday Kevin Costner KevinCostner via
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Waylz Rewards .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily Uplift with mPoints .
Amusement park attendance goes up after a fatal accident . didyouknow fact interesting
I am woman ! I am invincible ! quotes women girls WomenEmpowermentApp
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Name Da State .
"" Love , the poet said , is womans whole existence . "" - Virginia Woolf quotes women girls
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Thankful for ....
I don't design clothes . I design dreams . Ralph Lauren girls WomenEmpowermentApp
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily Word w / mPoints .
I am thankful for hope . thankful positive happy
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Shower Thoughts with mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily Uplift with mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in for iPhone .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Horoscopes - Zodiac Astrology .
The older you get its tougher 2 lose weight bc by then ur body & amp ; fat r really good friends .
A tub and a rub will change your day
"" FUNNY IS AN ATTITUDE . "" FLIP WILSON quotes motivation inspiration motivationapp
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Fortune Cookie with mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Box Party .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Where Da Bunny .
Failure is just an experience you have to make the right conclusions
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Weather Channel .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Weather Channel .
I just checked in at Citibank with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily History w / mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I liked a video Black Country Communion - The Giver ( AFTERGLOW )
I liked a video Voodoo Child - Cover by Dave Bates
I liked a video PEAVEY USA Guitars - HP2 - Summer NAMM 2017
I liked a video Chords on Guitar : 3 Ways to Play a C Chord on Guitar | Guitar Control
I added a video to a playlist Warlock - Fight For Rock
I liked a video Top 5 Favourite Pedals ( At The Moment )
I liked a video Doro - 25 Years
I added a video to a playlist How to Play Harmonics On ANY Fret Using 5 , 7 , 12 Killer Method
I liked a video Amazing Female Guitarists in 2017 who Really Rock !
I won in Guess the Card Game at One more step towards my free prize ! My Invite Link : https://t.co /8 j4TKztKxs !
I liked a video Phoenix Van Der Weyden Bushido ( Original Song )
Time to deport all illegal aliens and anchor babies / dreamers now EndDACA . . ENDDACANOW DeportAllDreamersNow
I liked a video Dokken - Dream Warriors - CVT Guitar Lesson by Mike Gross
I liked a video Megadeth - Live in Essen , Germany ( 1988 ) [ Full TV Broadcast ]
You ignorant , talentless chickenshit S . O . B .. I dare you to hiding behind your show , security , attack this trump supporter
I added a video to a playlist A bad lesson about Major Scales
8 . ) the left wing liberal progressives motto is . "" If we can't enslave , manipulate and control them , then we must destroy them "" Don't Believe
I liked a video Are Guitar Cases Hurting Your Guitars ? 10 Case in 20 Minutes !
Part 4 Felons . You push this , I guarantee you I will work to get you and all who support these dreamers to stay removed from
I liked a video Iron Maidens - Genghis Khan
I liked a video "" With You "" by Scarlet Sins
I added a video to a playlist Master The F Chord | Fender Play | Fender
I added a video to a playlist Survivor - Burning Heart
I added a video to a playlist Practice Your Power Chords ! | Fender Play | Fender
I liked a video - ( Official Live Video YOTASPACE )
I added a video to a playlist Metallica : Whiskey in the Jar ( Live - Minneapolis , MN - 2016 )
I added a video to a playlist Hardwired ( Live - Edmonton , Alberta - 2017 )
I won in Guess the Card Game at One more step towards my free prize ! My Invite Link : https://t.co /8 j4TKztKxs !
Come on Fix the damn watch later list . it has not been working since saturday morning november 11th .
I added a video to a playlist Metallica - Orion Music & amp ; More Day 1 Recap ( Live - Atlantic City , NJ ) -
So You And Your Butt buddy Both need end this Russia / Trump collusion investigation . We
I liked a video Strat Tele Les Paul ... Why You NEED All 3 !
Will The Inventor Of Chips And Salsa Please Stand Up
me , accepting an award : and i'd like to thank for being my inspiration , , ,
miles morales is pretty cool
oh also im making a "" diet culture is a sham "" thread bc im fucking pissed as hell
I just won a 5 cent Cash Bonus from Inbox Dollars ! Join me to earn cash and have fun with InboxDollars . easy money
donate americanlungassociation fightforair Fight For Air Climb | American Lung Association
Another free massage for me today even though the person isn't getting hired no matter how good it is worksforme
Just completed a 1.92 mi run - Halftime .. dropped car off at Kens .. ran home , stopped halfway for a ... RunKeeper
Just completed a 1.65 mi run - First run in 3 weeks .. burning lungs .. hurry up spring ! ! RunKeeper
How To Break Into The New Year : The 36 Resolutions That Actually Matter For 2015 via
3rd Monday of not having to drive to work .. icouldgetusedtothis
I'm getting paid for taking pictures of my receipts with & amp ; you should too ! Earn more w / my code : smoh 2978
This warm weather def makes me appreciate the control over my schedule . Work , home , and still enjoying life every single day balance
Just completed a 3.33 mi walk with RunKeeper . Check it out ! RunKeeper
I'm at Knoebels Amusement Resort in Elysburg , PA
Prenatal massage - 33 weeks ! ( @ Elements To Wellness in Reading , PA )
40 week NST 2 ( @ Comprehensive Women's Health in Pottsville , PA )
Road trip = time to do some blog research inspired blogging
Cash back on groceries !
1 reason why I didn't get half my shit done this week dontyoudareletgo itcanwait
Just when I was starting to get my groove back .. haven't been this sick in years yuck
The next 48 hours need to go suuuuuuper sloooooooow please
2 + hours of uploading / sorting pics and just one wrong move and it all disappears .. I should've went to bed when I had the chance damnit
Just completed a 3.68 mi walk - Babywearing 16 lbs I love when people stop and ask me for direction ... Runkeeper
The chance of rain and feeling like absolute shit will not stop our plans that we've had for 2 months mommyneedsabreak
usborne party books reading freestuff
Tis the night that all the single girls dress up like sluts for Halloween and wonder why they can't find a real man goodluckwiththat
How does this girl even have an ounce of energy after the night / morning we've had icantevenfunction
Best Jobs 2017 . 42 ! ! massagetherapist
This . This is why i love dogs .
I have a treadmill , I have a gym membership , it's hot as hell ... and I still prefer running outside whatiswrongwithme
Should I laugh , cry , or be proud that my child was not wearing a diaper and standing over a puddle when I went to get her from her nap
Getting in a tanning bed for the first time in 3-4 years was aaaaamazing .. the customer service , not so much ...
When you try to block out rumors but find out first hand how terrible some people can be truecolors noregrets sorrynotsorry
. @SandraLee Be gone , evil banshee !
"" I just saw a minion bumper sticker . How do you hate yourself that much ? ""
I know this wasn't me but I feel like it describes me 100 % and is absolutely something I would say
"" I feel like you're ready to be 37 and planning your 40th birthday cruise to the Cayman Islands . "" ACCURATE
Heard and described today as the Kennedys of Fairfax
If only Jim Webb could put as much effort into making himself likable as he does complaining about how much time he gets to debate ! ! ! ! !
honestly how was I so ugly it makes 0 sense
New year , same Rob
Caitlyn Jenner has taught us so much . Such as it's okay not to like trans people .
ashamed to be related to this clown
When ur family knows you too well
how are you embarrassed if it's ok with you
I need a link to this cinematic feat
What even is gov school I didn't ask for this
Katie Ledecky is America's sweetheart don't me
They taught us such weird stuff in elementary school like why did I spend 65 % of first grade learning in depth about the anatomy of an ant
STUPID hype I'm gonna miss ppl doing it for the vine
I'm so bad at consoling people like I feel like someday I'll get stressed I'm not doing enough and bring a 25 pack of munchkins to a funeral
Mosquitos would b homies if they didn't leave u itchy ! ! ! Like just ask politely 4 some blood and I'll let u have some ! ! I got plenty ! ! !
Is there anything even 3/5 as bad ?
Yes ! Wilson Released A Line Of Gloves With Extra Strings To Pick At For Kids Who Would Rather Be At Home Drawing
* sees my reflection in the snow-covered hill * * landslide brings me down *
All I can think of is PEZ PEZ PEZ PEZ
My bestfriend ( antonia ) is a BOP ! how do you break your phone 3days Before yoyr BIRTHDAY ? Mess ( . __ . )
Then he gon ' say "" we not gon talk for a hour . "" Lmao . That's OKAY !
I Love Him . Theehee (:
He just tried to snap on me . Lol .
ready for a girlsnightout manayunk letsgetthispartystarted
Everyone needs some balance in their life .
I was hesitant to reply , but conversation is always better than silence wh
The dumbest tattoos are tattoos of someone's name that you are dating and then you break up like a week later . -_-
So I didn't know much about you until my sister had me watch all your keeks . Now I'm ThirstinForDurston ! :)
Very disappointed that neither nor won at the KCAs . They didn't even announce the nominees ...
Preorder 24 / Seven by they actually SING LIVE and write their OWN MUSIC ! RealTalent
apparently it costs $ 241,000 to raise a kid lol do you know how many concert tickets that is
accidentally hurting an animal is the worst feeling i would rather die one thousand deaths than step on a doggys innoc
Beat THE TANK with a time of 10:37 in The Walking Dead : Assault . Grab it here to try & amp ; beat me ! PlayWalkingDead
I crushed a 2.6 mi run with a pace of 8 ' 56 "" with Nike + iPod . nikeplus :
What your average civilian would look like hitting a 94 mph fastball
LMAOOOO BOY HIT THAT SHIT CLEAN
How long yall serving breakfast ?
so glad she's better now
GrowingUpInTennessee each town having that one Mexican restaurant that everyone goes to .
The smell of popcorn is permeating throughout the Gym and it's fabulous . HoosiersReunionClassic
US OPEN TEE TIMES :
So true . So true & amp ; so sad . But nothing will change with this dangerous , demagogue lunatic or his sick suck puppets
I'm sure Republicans would have taken it in stride if Chelsea Clinton was deputized to perform head of state duties
Dallas Lauderdale with 2 offensive boards and Evan Ravenel finishes it off with an And - 1 ! GoBucks
Floyd Mayweather Jr.Co nor McGregor fight to be shown in select movie theaters
Corey Lewandowski Has Been Fired From The One America News Network . How deserving .
Vid : "" sick & amp ; tired of being told to pick up my trash when we have plenty of janitors who are paid to do it for us "" Trump Adv St
2 ) . @CNN : many people could try to defend Trump better than An ' educated idiot ' who's a totalfool hendrix media Impeach
MORE : Injuries reported after vehicle hits people on Las Ramblas in Barcelona , Spanish authorities say . ht
Here are 6 things Hoosiers should know about today's SolarEclipse
In ' 98 Al Harrington delivered a State Title at St . Patrick ( NJ ) and was 25th pick in the NBA Draft . St
The story behind why you're not supposed to wear white after Labor Day
trump lives to constantly spread lies about President Barack Obama . Sad little bigot .
St . Louis Kansas City or Seattle
And an outright lieas was most of the crud the trump supporting clown Marc LooksLikeACrook Short said
At a time of massive inequality , the Republican budget takes from the middle class and those in need , and gives huge tax
Tigers score with 2:59 left in first half . 28-6
This sounds like something ISIS or the Nazi Party would say & amp ; it has taken over the
Thank you , Robert Guillaume , for playing meaningful characters on TV and in film with dignity and intelligence over the d
11 people followed me and 6 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
Lady Spartans are the Winners ! Great job Spartans ! fcscspartanpride
Happy birthday to Shawn Kemp aka The Reign Man and bring The Seattle Supersonics back ! night by Shawn Kemp say
Lady Indians with the TEC win over Knightstown . 55-48 . Nice win for the Indians . Next up Centerville on Wednesday . uc
Will likely never happen . LiAngelo is a college level player , tops . LaMelo is too young & amp ; physically immature to even p
In Beirut this morning , protesters , angry over Trump's Jerusalem decision , tried breaking into the US Embassy . You were warn
Let's party party Dj cat FridayFeeling cute dance music bestie
Join us tonight from 6 till 6:30 for Talk To Santa ... Call 825-8561 , 932-3409 or toll free 866-225-1506 and your children c
The worst thing about being lied to is simply knowing you weren't worth the truth . - Unknown
An Air Force mortuary lost body parts of American service members who died at war , officials say : - EC
dogs Thanks for your support of IFAW efforts to vaccinate stray dogs in Bali , much appr ...
Never take life seriously . Nobody gets out alive anyway .
"" @iDylanBarker : I don't hate you . I'm just not overly excited about your existence . ""
"" @FreddyAmazin : Cool story bro , you tell that at campfires ? "" teamfollowback
With an Aquarian , what you see , is what you get ! ... They are truer than another other of the 12 signs !
Evansville Heads To Peoria , Ill . To Face Bradley
Five Finger Death Punch Internet Pre-Sale Today ! : 103GBF welcomes another Damn Loud Rock Show to town when the T ... htt ...
Aquarians find it extremely difficult to completely trust someone again once that person has lost the trust they earned
Shinedown Incite a Royal Rumble in New ' Enemies ' Video
The average American will watch 9 years of television in his / her lifetime ! Learn more - - >
Aquarius are very social , friendly , charming and outgoing love helping others .
As the clock winds down to Dec . 21 , what experts say about the Mayas and end-of-the-world predictions : - MS
7 minutes of extra sleep in the morning seriously does matter .
All which have the potential to turn a life around truth
Aquarius procrastinate almost everything .
If you ignore me , I will ignore you . If you don't start the conversation , we won't talk . If you don't put in the effort
1 more week ! !
Never love someone that treats you just like you're ordinary .
and Purple Paul ! !
Get ready for the evening ShockerNation .. Big task at hand ! GameDay
This is how my week has gone
I don't think it's right that they made a bobsled out of dead dogs .
I saw sex once on an internet video .
Yea , I HAD siblings . They all died . Thanks for the reminder , assholes .
"" When you try me with a sorry VP like Biden , that's what you gonna get "" * Biden slams down mojito * "" FUCK YOU SHERMAN ! ""
Portugal ? More like portly-gals ! Portugal has a serious obesity problem . Its not funny .
thank you for reading and not calling the cops and / or mental hospital .
We're back to talk about all the week 2 games and we agree on most of the games . It's boring , don't listen .
parking in the garage : rookie mistake
just counting down the days until death
Doctor : What seems to be the problem ? Dragon : Well , it burns when I pee . Doctor : Hahahahaha [ Dragon sighs ]
we loved it because it was always empty in there :)
what if we're all ghosts ?
STEP RIGHT UP BOYS !
Felt an earthquake . Check that off the bucket list
Hard to believe that Cee Lo Green has been dead for 5 years now .
* in movie trailer voice * From the man that brought you reviews such as Im diggin it . And I can dig this .
You trying to judge me you piece of shit ?
hahaha , I can imagine !
Not sure I can pick which Scalia album was my favorite
It's like farm to table , but I'm eating a Pizza Hut stuffed crust with a bag of chili cheese fritos in a field of butternut squash
Momma call him Clay , imma call him Clay .
Got my hands on the screenplay for Sully , wow
This is the opposite of everything Maddon has done tonight , but okay .
it didnt see the lines . Im pretty sure it accomplished that because that road had been traveled before
Selection committee is drunk af , like usual
You gotta earn the name Cuban Sandwich !
Americans across the country confirmed Monday they were hopeful this would be the last mass shooting before all such occurren
Mike gassing up a generator .
hey , I just feel sorry for that poor girl !
Actress Jennifer Lawrence on why she trained for strength , not size , for
Proclamation by the people of central NY at CNY allkidsneed forum
In 2013-2014 , teachers spent ( on average ) $ 850 - $ 1,100 on school supplies for their students , and not including snacks
Gubernatorial delinquency ! NY "" owes "" public ed $ 5.9 billion for what AllKidsNeed . Look up your local school here :
Assem Al Graf : my children are suffering . This is a sad day in our Capitol .
My Letter to Board of Regents Chancellor Tisch on listening to parents regarding opt-out surge
Go get ' em , Jim ! Those who abuse animals are a threat to us all .
RenewTURN because of the strength of women like AnnaStrong and the beautiful portrayal by TURNamc
Vouchers and for-profit charter schools are not the answer for rural America and Betsy DeVos is not the answer for secretar
Can't say I imagined I'd be retweeting Mia Farrow on John Adams , but here we are ! JA did indeed say this in the White House , 1
Very important for the nation to hear describe events in Charlottesville for what they are , a terror attack by whi
LOL .. you will always be Bud Bundy to me ...
wow ... that is one of the better tweets i have ever seen ... LOL
so ready for two days of birthday fun at belterra in February , love the buffet
Over 3 years ago since I seen you in concert .. Still like yesterday .. Gotta catch you somewhere on the road one day again
My daily stats , New followers : 4 , Lost followers : 4 via
Today's stats , New followers : 1 via
Some relationships are like broken glass . It's better to leave it than to hurt yourself trying to put it back together
Having deep conversations with the right people is priceless .
If Ebola was a person
Freaks unite ! WeAreAllFreaks OMG 1D AF
I ate way too much
YES ARTIST OF THE YEAR MY BABIES ONE DIRECTION I CANT SHDHSJAKAJSBXHHAJAJSHDHSJAJA
Stoked to see what does with The Joker ! Talented dude right there .
"" Wear me like a snuggie , "" is a pretty solid pickup line .
Not a creature was stirring ...
A quick shout out to the Tony Romo , and Cowboysnation
Reasons to watch the super bowl
So , this happened : CanILive
I didn't realize how much my makeup got ruined today until I got home . Ugh .
"" There's no replacing Zayn . It hurts . "" LMAO SAME KEVIN HART SAME
Why is there gold people emojis now ? Looks like jaundice .
... seems like the nicest man . Sweet , not flash , humble . Hope the guy wins tonight
Those big Jason Day heads .... oh my god .
I wish I was Harry potter
I love The Golden Girls so much omg .
Oh , this is the night . It's a beautiful night . NationalPastaDay
There will be no sleeping for me tonight . It's all about Made In The A . M . right now .
We're all programmed a little differently .
Zayn left One Direction a year ago today and today his debut album comes out . I'm so happy .
It took me four straight hours but I finished reading Harry Potter and the Cursed Child . Now I am hysterically crying and cannot stop .
THE COWBOYS GAME ISN'T ON TV FOR ME NOOO
Need some advice ? V . F . cover star is here to help .
this yankee game is going to fucking kill me i dont need this
Okay I've calmed down lets be positive let's be blessed
Most of the time I don't understand what people are saying so I just smile and nod
honestly forgot about storage lmao
if your a scorpio that ruins lives
the crazy thing is tht's just how my face looks lmao but thanks for caring
one time i went to a dispensary wearing this shirt and the budtender said "" i love ur tie dye , ur so fun ! ""
Hendrix : spectral reversal on the moon . Mare regions are dark in visible but bright in the UV DPS 14
calls schiaparelli "" a cool dude "" DPS 14 SaganLecture
Heidi Cullen : we need to contextualize climate change with weather and specifically extreme events AGU 14
Christmas is the best time for weddings . One hour until I get a new uncle
crazy spins of Pluto's small moons ( Mark Showalter 102.09 , Simon Porter 102.10 ) DPS 15
Happy comet hophoplandiversary What an incredible day that was !
Holler : non volatile ices are concentrated in the southern hemisphere , due to viewing angle do not see change in time DPS 15
First up , M . Mischna updates us on the imminent threat of global dust storms on Mars DPSEPSC
funnywaystotalkaboutpoop not sure i just want to love me . and he does , kristen , he does . Oh , wait-that's God ...
We all are human but typically , Pisces don't cheat .... in any form : luv , boardgame , etc ; too much effort to tell / remmbr a lie
It's appalling and depressing that so many self-proclaimed "" patriots "" are entirely okay with police brutality against our own ...
Saturday Night Live re : khadafi / gadaffi's ghost from hellwaaayyyyy funny
Monster Energy Drink is made of cop urine , cayenne pepper & Splenda .
Sleep is my drug , my bed is the dealer , and my alarm clock is the police .
... there's a 4 % chance I care .
"" Never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do . "" ~ H . Jackson Brown , Jr .
save room ! Worth the wait ! ( RT @ActuallyNPH
Wtf is wrong with you ?
Parents Say Boston Bombing Suspects Are Innocent Rule : Honest , accountable parents don't raise terrorists
Brady - - how many laws carry the death penalty ?
IMPORTANT PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT : I just realized shan't is a real word soooooo it's officially lit .
Quotations from American history - - and one from Donald Trump via
You're very right . Some type of insurance reform / regulation plz . Maybe govt could give more money for res
That depends on what u want from life . Harvard , Howard , Spellman ? No med school admission or Microsoft i
p . p . s . if it wasn't a tired , ove
Sincere condolences to JimmyFallon on the loss of his mother Gloria . Here's the tribute he did for her on The TonightSh
What if my religion is against doing business with bigots ?
he actually only needs 41 and I would also love this
Stop subtweeting and be a man
don't worry about it it's a joke
Not being allowed within 500 feet of a school or a playground TMM
With that strikeout Wainwright has the 2nd most strikeouts for any Cardinals pitcher passing the great Dizzy Dean . TCM
"" @MensPictures : It's November ! !
must think I'm creeping hard with the number of tweets I'm favoriting notacreep iswear
Voting ends at 7:00 PM tonight . Don't forget to vote , and to inform your friends !
Teal Tuesday - SAAW is only a week away ! We will still be selling our SAAW wristbands for $ 2 each . We appreciate ...
Just beat every one of my players in a race ... how sad for them . Side note : I think I'm dying . toooldforthis
never better . Better question is how pissed is
Love it ! ! ! Let the Hawkeye bitching commence . !
As long as we're protesting something .
"" What is : April ? "" JeopardySports
This has already been done by me Joe . Get your own material .
yep . All of those guys said he was the GOAT . You're beginning to teach om your arguments .
if I was you , I'd want to change it too .
Stay safe , Buckeyes .
Happy President's Day to all of my fellow IA Theta presidents
Total players sent to the NFL so far by school including 253 Draftees and 466 Undrafted Free Agent Signings . ( h / t curtisas )
2009 presidential gaffe : accidentally says "" inefficiency "" instead of "" efficiency "" 2017 presidential gaffe : likes Nazis
But now they're upset about cards fans being happy cubs lost & amp ; cite the 3 NLCS & amp ; 1 title saying that's all that matters
Have you seen this video ?
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Eyes Face and Nails Nude Beauty Lot NYX Wet n Wild
Lemon garlic chicken pasta ! This is sooo yummy and 21 day fix friendly ! You need : whole grain pasta ,
The Carolina Panthers are the 2015 NFC South Champions ! ! ! BackToBackToBack KeepPounding
Yummy ratatouille ! ! ! I love making this ... It's a pretty simple veggie dish . You can chop
When I don't have time to cook anything , this is the perfect breakfast ! Today I used began
Ok , so I have been out of touch and took a couple of overall health days and needed to unplug
My baby girl boxing on career day ... She said that was her favorite part ! I'm a proud
My amazing father . I love him . Happy Father's Day daddy .
Lord knows I'm a sinner , pain pills for dinner
If u want it to be good , girl .. get yo self a badddd boyyy
Do not ever call me and ask me if I wanna buy some used smelly shit from you . If I wanted what you had I would have already had it by now
A great day for Hall-Dale soccer has the boys and girls in great shape in the latest Heal Point updates ....
Check out this new game I'm playing on Facebook ! Logoquiz ! It's so addictive ! loveit game
When ur phone wont charge
Check out this moment of on
Check out this moment of on
Check out this moment of on
Me I would go to the gym everyday w you
LIVE on - hes amazing
if you love me like and retweet
You KNOW anyone who puts this much planning & amp ; effort into killing people would make dang sure WE KNEW WHY HE DID IT ! ! V
. @MGMResortsIntl has scrubbed Jesus Campos from their employee database / evidence obtained by LasVegas
How loud would gunfire reports sound 3.2 miles away ?
you realize "" Protestants "" are Christians , right ? are you fucking retarded , son ?
Liberals : "" Comey is an incompetent POS ! "" Also Liberals : "" Impeach Trump for firing Comey ! ""
I rather go to a cc than be stuck at university full of people in picnic table shirts and kakipants think
Ive introduced legislation that would create greater transparency for research funding so taxpayers know how their money is
steve harringtons character development was increEeeeEeEdible
Should be public execution for all to see-you will end this bullshit fast !
The difference between Donna Brazile and James Comey is that one rigged a debate while the other rigged a criminal investi
On the anniversary of the Bolshevik Revolution we remember communism is the greatest mass murderer of all time
Kathy Griffin is apparently so dumb , she didn't know real beheadings had taken place until Rosie O'Donnell told her .
Happy Veterans Day to my sister thank you for your service . Respect the Vets
In this clip , former Vice President Biden uses a candid moment to fondle the chest area of a little girl - - in front of her e
Duh ... HANNITY DROPS BOMBSHELL ON PANEL : ' Sources Tell Me We Are All Being Surveilled Illegally ' ( VIDEO )
LDTPoll : Do you believe the DOJ is reluctant to examine Clinton corruption because it fears the investigation would expose c
This . RT @BabyAnimalPics This elephant thought a swimming man was in trouble , and rushed to his rescue
all this searching for something real
WhitneyxChristina Legends , Queens .
I am CRYING . The Weather Channel set up for a live shot of the Georgia Dome being imploded , and at the perfectly wrong
Game of Thrones vs . Real Life
bruh give us the details . i wanna know the shit they did
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed , while Crooked Hillary Clinton , on that now famous FBI holi
ClerithMonth Day 1 : "" Saddest Scene "" Quotes are from Maiden of The Planet . Clerith FF7 FFVII CloudStrife Aer
every independent and dem turned conservative that you morons alienated in 2016 lmao
Unlike CNN , NBC , CBS , ABC , FOX , AP , New York Times , Washington Post , Guardian - - @wikileaks has never had to retract a pub
she's not going to eat it ... what a cunt
some art I made of Pity Party / Crybaby MelanieMartinez crybabyforever PityParty istandwithmelanie
Everybody made the right choices ! Thank God !
Good morning ! Thank you again for making our event a huge success , and continuing to help us reach our goa ...
Dear North Carolina , Headmaster Dumbledore does not approve .
ThingsThatICantStand ; When I think I spelled everything right in my tweet and then I realize I fucked something up AFTER I post it .
Nothing much . What's up with you ?
OnlyStarkidsKnow that Rumbleroar is a lion who can talk and the headmaster of Pigfarts .
You Jahar supporters say you will pray for everyone telling you the truth . But who are you praying to ? God ? Or Allah ? FreeJahar FryJahar
Why do you continue to ridicule yourself ? This is the reason why no one likes OD or its fans . Y'all don't know when to let go .
Lol . When all else fails , you FreeJahar fanatics you start cussing , blocking , or crying about how Obama is President . FryJahar SoSad
I guess but I find it to be pure stupidity .
I don't think I did . I looked it up .
I was being sarcastic ...
Finally got around to listen to Wrecking Ball . Wow Such a beautiful voice
Lmao , all the prudes crying about the Kinky Boots performance during the parade yesterday . Hilarious
What . The . Hell . What happened to Twitter ? DoNotLike
It is too damn cold for April . TexasGetYourShitStraight ForReal BrrBitch
Who is ready to invest in destroying the west ? SNL 40 ChrisRock
If you use K - 2 , you get no sympathy from me if you overdose . Fox 7News SorryNotSorry
> Justin Bieber . ThatIsAll
That is a great quote . "" There is no illegitimate children . Only illegitimate parents . "" LikeFatherLikeSon
There isn't any reason to record someone getting hit . HelpVictim
Oh shut up . He doesn't love you , you ugly little idiot . DefendingAbuse
Josh Duhamel is everything .
Eddie Murphy ? Eddie Murphy ! ! SNL 40
Found my new favorite show . LipSyncBattle FallonVsTheRock
Are you mad enough to reign over Stop by the AH Lounge ( Booth 907 ) and claim your throne ! RTX 2015
Can't wait for the next BackwardzCompatible My favorite Sonic game ! !
Chocolate Pocky was made for sharing ! Click here to share for a chance to WIN POCKY PRIZES ! sharehappiness
JessicaK 9789 completed the Twin Time achievement and received rewards
JessicaK 9789 gathered the Grandmother's Jam collection
I received $ 2 Gift Card . instagc free giftcard
For those who have been supporting me through this journey , I thank you from the bottom of my heart ! !
You may grow more theatrical in your personal expression now t ... More for Leo
Check out this Hearty Chicken Pizza recipe ! It's made with delicious promotion -
It's one thing to take a project to the next level , but it's a ... More for Leo
It's tempting to leave what you're doing if you get the chance ... More for Leo
Although you're certain you can accomplish nearly anything you ... More for Leo
Yooooooooooooo Anika is a purebred thot Empire
I'm good . No complaints lol
Emotional interactions on the home front could lead to a messy ... More for Leo
Juggling all the appointments on your calendar can hijack your ... More for Leo
You are worried about being misunderstood today , but success u ... More for Leo
Join the PerdueCrew to get exclusive coupons and rewards from Click here to join . promotion
You are on an energetic roll , but your intensity can land you ... More for Leo
Just when you thought you had a clear view of the future the r ... More for Leo
The life of a spoiled Kitty oreolife wecallherthoro
Debra Antney Rejects And Block's STAR ! exclusive interview
I've collected 335 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
It's as if you are using x-ray vision today to see right throu ... More for Leo
ChickenParmesan Dinner with Penne and Squash from = dinner tonight promotion PerdueCrew -
Whether you're celebrating Valentine's or Galentine's , has you covered ! promotion PerdueCrew -
Your small donations would be appreciated to keep the show going ! Click to donate to StarintheMorning
Don't count on having leftovers , these Lime & amp ; Garlic Tacos are too tasty ! PerdueCrew Promotion -
Jacob York Co-Signs X Clan Accuser And More BlackTwitter realhiphop
Mary J . Blige Ordered To Pay Spousal Support StarintheMorning DashRadio
Because cat life is soooo hard smh Oreo spoiledkitty
Dashradio showing respect . STARINTHEMORNING
Hey Man , when the lights go off anybody can get it ! Only on and dashradio xxlchannel
Pitino Firing in a Nutshell : If you didnt know you got scammed , youre too dumb to keep this job . If you DID know , youre i
Telling someone what you want is nearly impossible today becau ... More for Leo
Love pretzels and Enjoy these Mesquite Pretzel Crusted Chicken recipe ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
I have this condition that prevents me from going on a diet ... I get hungry .
Other's stress , stresses me out . These little things you worry about are not the end of the world .
It's when when you're NOT LAME , right tyler ? lololol
I'm overboard too far from shore , a castaway tryin ' to make it home
Might just ring in the new year with a shopping spree . My poor checking account .. Good thing I have a job !
Forever that awkward puzzle piece , lets see where you fit too .
feelPLAYFUL in Yoga pants and a bright T
I can finally make my list of cool stuff to actually do this summer . At 12 am , lets see what I come up with .
Listening to ambient music while studying can help you concentrate better and retain what youre learning .
On you know , just in the middle of bio and shows me a video of a turtle trying to get busy with a kitchen pot . hahaha
I have done nothing ALL DAY . I will have to remember this feeling when the semester starts again .
Having more than 3 is not an option here lol
Is it too early for wine ?
Good burger was a classic
I'll have to call you and give you the Montevallo update again soon !
I'm going to do what I want to do (: I need to knock on some wood because people are jinxing me . (:
GANDHI WALKED IN A COFFEE SHOP ? ! ? ! ! made my day ! (:
I emailed you guys for the deets ! Thanks again ! (:
we're gunna go get the tickets tomorrow ! I'll let you know where we're sitting tomorrow ! (:
Never thought I would post a picture on tumblr and It would get me past 13,000 notes . Wow (:
Good to catch up with today (: Defff need to hang out soon again <3 starbucks gettogether
LOVE MY NEW PHONE CASE (:
This is perfect movie weather . Not some constitution government video clip .... This is putting me to sleep .
Saying "" I'm almost there "" when you actually haven't even left the house . Hahahahaha who does this sound like (:
There is nothing good on tv right now .
um excuse you . I need to rinse and repeat . I don't have time to stop and listen to your part .
I ABSOLUTELY ADORE FOR THE PICS AND FOR RECORDING TONIGHT'S CONCERT FOR ME <3
left blueberry muffins in my car .... They are now mine .
Don't sacrifice your time for people who wouldn't do the same for you .
Come on baby light my fire
Oh hello cute guy at office depot
Dress up for work day
Liquor before beer you're in the clear , beer before liquor you'll be okay don't be a bitch .
Tattoo appt on my birthday
UMM .... Excuse me .....
In need of a girls night out drinking soon
Today I saw a guy tape his iPad to the dash of his Lexus so he could watch the World Cup while driving dedicated
Don't believe him if he comes back and says he misses you . Remember , he chose not to be with you .
OMG did you see the snapchat clearly Anne needs to get that because that won't feel like a finger
Threw away my debit card at work yesterday and took the trash out Like wtf
When your coworker catches you slipping
You need to work with my man I can tell u nobody will be disappointed . He is the shit ! !
Show some VA love for and comment on his music at googlemikeperrinoid teamperrinoid 757 NorfolkVA
I . got hiccups , fucking shit ! ! googlemikeperrinoid
My 8yr old son Mason is your biggest man !
how was it being jumped ? It was 1 on 1
a lot of times geek squad can recover things even when you think they are gone . Might be worth a try .
my worst fear is suffocation . Being buried alive or drowning . What a terrifying death . HauntFears KDHaunt 15
Its inevitable that one or two would slip in .
So blurry , but SO LOUD . Thanks for last night Spokane ! Portland , tonight it's your turn imc
Just when we think the CMAAwards 50 can't get any bigger ... they do:
and at the ascapcountry awards tonight ! !
plz vote for Chris Young ! tell friends and family ! ! Young Country ! Who Has the Most Passionate Fans ?
Happy birthday to my mom ! ! ! ! birthdaytweet
its ok to bad sad about missing something a concert or other event , just know it wasn't meant to be and don't whine about missing it
Kudos to Chris Young and Cassadee Pope on their GRAMMY nominated song "" Think Of You "" making Rolling Stone Country ... h
I am FINALLY watching WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME FOR WAITING ! ? ! ? morningtosomeofyou goodnighttoothers
"" Forgive as the Lord forgave you . And over all these virtues put on love , which binds them all together in perfect unity
ok outlook thanks for reminder about my best friend's birthday but you have the date wrong ;) its a day after mine
Getting ready for you ! ! C2C2017
I vote for ChrisYoung ( feat . Think Of You PlayItAgain
Happy birthday to my best friend since high school ! ! ! BF
Toledo is in the books ! ! Had some tech issues that kinda sucked but the crowd was AMAZING ! Time for ! ! !
HOLY CRAP ! ! ! What a crowd tonight in Cleveland ! ! Thanks ! ! ! Now it's time ! ! ! ! ! ! ! LosingSleep
WE CAN GO ALLL NIGHT BigCodeOfHonor
. @ChrisYoungMusic - "" Perfect To Me "" latenightlisten
Insane show in Montana tonight ! Now for a little sleep before flying home to my babies !
Update to storms thru Fri . Severe & amp ; heavy rain risk each day . Wind , hail & amp ; isol'd tornado threat this eve , particularly NW
Ive been planning to propose to my gf at your show on 7/8 . Could you please play "" Old Love Feels New ? "" i
Who wants a pair of 3 day passes to this weekend's Chicago Blackhawks Convention ? ! ? ! Two chances to win this morning :
Now I'm having concert withdrawals and still need a fix
Last batch of towels available tomorrow ! New merch in the store too ! LosingSleep
Thank you to everyone that has raised so much money over the past 11 hours ! Let's help everyo
This vintage clip is THE most adorable thing we've seen all week . Sneak , and catch more with Thomas tomorrow . h
talk about sunshine overtime coming through the big picture window in my living room . hardtosee sunglassesmaybe
More smiling , less worrying . More compassion , less judgment . More blessed , less stressed . More love , less hate . World
plz vote for Chris ! Hot Hunk Monday Whos Sexier Chris Or Kane ? [POLL]
Even more Les Mis humor .
I thought my hair was supposed to keep my hair warm . It failed .
Its not even 5 mins into the 50th anniversary and I'm already freaking out on extreme levels
I can't set my hopes too high , ' cause every hello ends with a goodbye . "" - Demi Lovato
oh wait never mind . i get it
Loved performance last night ! ! Can't wait for them to join me on TheNeonLightsTour ! ! !
you are too cute ! Absolutely adorable !
HATE-FILLED WORDS , BIG OR SMALL , ARE SERIOUS . SOME PEOPLE CAN'T GET HURTFUL WORDS OUT OF THEIR HEARTS . WHY ENCOURAGE T
what is this day off of which you speak ?
I lay down for a 15 min nap and woke up 2 hours later
haha the only safe one is
TEEN WOLF SEASON 4 PREMIERE IN 12 DAYS ! !
Something not human ? On TeenWolf ? NO WAY
the light makes it look like you dyed part of your hair . . .
number one advice . Get involved . Work hard and go to class as well , but get involved with something
"" @Anna_Llama : "" @KianLawley : nope , beefy 5 - layer burrito is only $ 1.59 "" This tweet is my life .
Well my dad is also in Slytherin , I guess it runs in the family SlytherinPride NewMalfoys
Thank you spring 15 . Southern's the way to go
I'm actually at home but that's okay
This can NOT end in 10 mins TeenWolf RIPRoscoeTheJeep
Leonard Fournette 31 rushing yards 1 TD Derrick Henry 210 yards 3 TDs DerrickHenry 4Heisman
How come this is the first year I've heard about the KittenBowl ? ! ? It's . So . Freaking . Cute .
European money is just so much cooler than American money . It's all shiny and stuff
Lots of "" at Ole Miss "" historical stats for Alabama .. Last time a Bama QB passed & amp ; rushed for 100 yds was Tyler Watts in 2001 ... at
My favourite part about Alabama football is that when they sack the quarterback the band plays "" Look Down "" from Les Mis
Lol at Scott telling Liam to be Clark Kent when played baby Superman in Man of Steel
why are music videos so interesting as im playing music while trying to write an essay ? ?
i dont love anyones music more than i love forreal .
giirrrlllllllll I miss you :( :( :(
hahahaha remember last year when I was in a RELATIONSHIP ? Hahahahaha that was funny time , life .
stay up all night with the stars , confess all the faith that I had in you
I don't understand why people say girls are emotional and dramatic and boys aren't uhm excuse me but all I've ever met ar
my brain likes sporadically reminding me that two important things are happening tomorrow .
I wouldn't not lay in bed and eat ice cream with Rob and Kim Kardashian is all I'm saying .
People develop a warped sense of sexual normalcy and what to expect in a real life relationship
being a woman is so hard I wanna take a break and be like a plant or a cloud for a few days
she had eyes like hourglasses but sometimes the sand would leak out of the cracks and she could see the time passing through h
im sorry i cant do 9/11 stuff so i probs wont be on much of any of the internet tomorrow kthanksniiiight
the one with the cute smile . like .. at 1:15 ish
Saggy ass sad girl shorts are in this season , right ?
waited 3 damn hours for a bus . thanks , niu .
bc cordell just walked over and turned off my laptop as i was working on my research project . there goes 20 tabs ill never see again
you only wear perfume when you go out instead of at home or to bed thats what yr doing wrong
I bless the rains down in Africa . I'm indifferent to the smog in Asia . I don't understand the wind on Mars . I want my mommy .
which one of you drank all my lemon-lime soda . who could be so spriteful
OH MAN IM GONNA LISTEN TO GIRL MUSIC AND PLAY DRESS UP GAMES YESYESYEYSYEYSYESYES
10 hour shift tomorrow . hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Just leapt out of bed cause I thought I had a paper due tomorrow that I haven't started . Its not due for 3 more weeks ....
References to other artists in songs are cool esp when you weren't expecting them
how long will my return take to process ? Nothing has changed on my account yet ..
NIETZSTCHE : god is dead GOD : finaly [ god dies ] GOD : [ welcoming god into heaven ] wait wat
Dealing with trauma and abuse in the long term is incredibly revealing to your personality . Ive been thinking about
They still waiting for niggas like Gucci & Waka to fade away . It's not happening no time soon .
Some predict a change of the Earth's rotation , and some say the Earth will wobble on its axis . Question for tomorrow :
... with music and the ideas , principles , and stories of our wisest thinkers and teachers , and say in our hearts , or aloud , in the minute ...
Choosing your SEXUALITY before being born . THE GOD GAMES : Heaven & Hell ... Chapter 6 ... LGBT or straight , we choose >
GOD loves you JUST AS YOU ARE right now !
GOD loves you just the way you are right now !
THE GOD GAMES : my blog account is not working and I am unable to publish more of my book . Please don't go away or forget me , I WILL BE BACK
THEGODGAMES : Heaven & amp ; HELL ... Ann grows up under the teachings of Ed : philosophy , music , and the Slot machines ...
THEGODGAMES Ann meets & amp ; greets old friends and relatives & amp ; prepares to go to the Revisiting-Your-Life-Game Building .
THEGODGAMES : Legend of KOR . Planning a war ! The energynauts & amp ; Korian leaders make a battle plan .
THEGODGAMES : Legend of KOR . We find the war heroes on their way back to their own homes & amp ; celebrations .
THEGODGAMES : Heaven & amp ; Hell . Ann gets work composing spreadsheets that will decide birth dates for new energy forms .
MENTAL ILLNESS & amp ; DEPRESSION : The story of one woman's 50 - year-old journey through mental illness & amp ; its treatment .
E = M ( Csquared ) : a simple understanding of the meaning of this equation .
WILLIAM : played a video game yesterday and continues to improve . He will be in the hospital for another week .
MENTALHEALTH : From the dregs I was steeped in , to the glory of Christmas . Happy mental health holiday !
SciFi : THE REASON NASA Never Returned to the Moon ( Full Documentary ) Could this be possible ? CHILLING thought ...
scifi : FLAME a New Science Fiction poem by D . R . Hirsch Can YOU feel the flame ?
Colin looks so good ! ! :) hotbabe
I don't understand how Nike shorts are out of dress code ...
I wish I was in the Olympics ! we still have time to make our dream come true
Friday classes the morning after a frat party ... < < < < < < <
Being sick during test week < <
Bo is tired from the thanksgiving festivities
What up San Antonio ! ! !
It's a great day when I see Alayna Thomas in the music building
couldn't have said it better myself !
2nd all nighter in a row ? My body is going to hate me after finals .
Love all the zeta tweets about miss Texas ! missusa 2013 love my sisters
Help I move Friday and I haven't packed one thing
Must be nice to be 21
So much to be thankful for this year ! Merry Christmas
It was fun PCB but Texas is calling my name springbreak 2014
I truly lost any ounce of dignity I had left last night
I just want a cookie . And fries . And a margarita . And an engagement ring . And a million dollars . That's it though .
He may look terrified but he actually loved his first river trip prince simba
Scared ? Pray . Over thinking ? Pray . Losing hope ? Pray . Worried ? Pray . Struggling ? Pray . Pray and Trust in God . Please Ret
Tomorrow My Mommy Birthday : )
Cancer ZodiacPeople - Cancer women are introspective . ""
If my nxgga want parts , . Than I want parts too . We gone dust that bxtch off together ; )
Cancer is one of the best friends you can have . We're fiercely loyal & amp ; protective of those we care about . ""
It doesn't matter if the glass is half empty or half full . There is clearly room for more vodka .
A weak nigga ... #thatstheshitidntlike
There are two types of Cancers , the people pleaser & amp ; the one who doesn't give a flying f $ # % . Which one are you ? ""
- Nigga Come Here Empty Handed , Gtfoh ! Its Obvious My Time is To Precious For You . . .
I was just crying my eyes out , I'm in so much pain right now :/ . I wanna thank my mom & amp ; my sis ...
The definition of insanity is doing the same shit over and over and over again and expecting different results ...
Tryna get dis money for tomorrow I wana pop a bottle wit my momz
Leaving the VMA'S headed straight to the airport to take over the UK ..... I have 14 shows in 9 days ..... MY HUSTLE NEV ...
Can't stand sneaky ass ppl ! ! !
Cancer do want you , but they do not need you .
Truu , igh night love you Bernie Mac : )
My fav rap song by is ima boss "" scared money dnt make no money if I ever go broke ima take yo money ""
woke , blessed & amp ; focused
Don't get a FAKE ass and get REAL brand new .. We remember when your thongs were smaller luv .. But u enjoy your day tho .
My sis and bro with flavorflav
Got dam da brat I ain't know you had all that ass
Only one class stands between my spring break and me !
That moment when you were gonna pack your stuff up to leave to library and the thunderstorm hits guesscarrierwantsmetostay finals 2012
Still convinced Emma Swan in OUAT is the swan princess !
At least we can say our band is better ! MRDlove
Now you're at least prepared for whatever your lips might endure !
I love how the burglar takes everything in Joey and Chandler's apartment EXCEPT the white dog statue ! FRIENDS
Going to be late to class Blamingtherrain
Using cookout to suppress the anger !
Fave Freddie Prinze Jr movie : Head Over Heels models murders love
WOAH ! What happened ?
I have a love / hate relationship with the baseball lot : love how I can always find a spot , hate how it's always in the back TWagonproblems
Being restless is going to prove problematic in the morning !
JMU Grad Students : Support President , VP , and BOV candidates !
it's not hard ! youcandoit
I'm busy moving in Freshmen right now , but I'll respond to your IceBucketChallenge by Friday . Challe
When the only cups you can reach with ease are mugs , you drink water out of mugs ! college
We're giving out GoldRush t-shirts at the men's basketball game TONIGHT ! The game starts at 7 PM and the first 500 students ge
The spring break metamorphosis of Taylor Vollman : from person to snake sheddingmyskin burnedandIknowit
Don't know where this mystery glitter on my face came from ! attractingsparkle
Talk about a wild ride ! Prince Harry fell of his horse twice during a polo match :
Remember when everyone thought Johnny Depp was hot lookathimnow ERedCarpet TheGrammys
Once the heat index goes above 100 degrees , any chance of being cute goes out the window summerconcerts DierksBently IdontsweatIsparkle
Tracee Ellis Ross looks like a statuesque goddess at the GoldenGlobes ERedCarpet
Well , Psychos ... we tried our best and made a thing . The rest is up to you . ...
Jacob's alliteration assignment : "" Perky penguins pick pink puffy puffs . "" He's crackin ' up ! :D
Gods luv is bigger than our failures , Briaaa ! ! Look a lil higher ! He doesnt look us the way others do ..
Platt Wasn't Enough For My Church
Way to go ScheducateMe ! ! So proud to have been part of the team ! ! CvilleSWEDU
I have assembled my legion of Mini-Romans . SPQR Who will be victorious ? P1 , P2 , P5 or P8 ... #Rome142
Checking in w team "" talking abt an exhibition night at AHS for our community "" acpscai 15
Whose Town ? A-Town . Best Cheering section around .
would be glad to help
Nurse in Nic-U ( Greenville , NC ) made Thomasville . My favorite gift in world . Wish I knew who she was .
55-52 2 min to go
Patriots - if this elephant can clean up trash from others , think we can clean up our own trash on the breezeway ?
Rise & amp ; Shine it's Graduation Time , Seniors !
we have the BEST custodial staff in the county . So grateful for all their hard work .
Looking forward to our student panel coming up next ! & amp ; kids loved doing the water erosion / slope lab w / an audience :)
French teacher shares 11 tips for keeping up with technology in the form of a sketchnote . edtech
I heard some leadership students at talk about this
Kids are winning big - they said , see daddy if you would just let us play more games we could win m
Chance to visit today flex space environments - maker , resource , and upper elementary w acps htt
Albemarle County Teachers Use GIS Technology to Teach History of War
The CARES traits practiced through an engaging team building activity cooperation
Fantastic turn out 4 College Planning . At 6:30 UVa & amp ; PVCC talk about admissions , transfers & amp ; Finan
Meet Gaby , our featured artist . Come by the main office to see her exhibit and check out her Instagram fo
Fun shopping day - is going to kill me when she sees the bill
4 times the Fitness . Fidget , add dice , scooter , highest card . cooprationworkout .
VSBA 2017 Manny Scott Poverty is not just a lack of money ; its a lack of access to people who can help you .
Thank you to Michael Bolling for an inspiring visit today Love the vision .
We're having a great 5th grade music performance today of "" Paint the Town December . "" BakerButler acps
what would solidify KO more as Heel then win by any means against Bad Ass Babyface Lesnar
TOMORROW NIGHT - RAW - Hosts TheHighlightReel with and Your Humble Advocate !
Gravity - n - A SexyScience
The UFC is definitely fixed 5wordconspiracies
2016 WWE HALL OF FAME Inductee Names Potentially Leaked ( FULL STORY :
Still odd not to see Blatt in the huddle . Let's get this win though !
WWE LIST : The 5 WWENXT Superstars I Want Called up To the Main Roster in 2016 ( READ LIST :
This is what a SoldOut NXTPittsburgh crowd looks like .... ThisIsAwesome WeAreNXT
Yep , is proud of his work on THAT was PHENOMENAL ! RAW MizTV
loved this week's Tuesdays With Stories , Fat Alba "" hey , hey , hey "" Hilarious
Maury Povich paternity tests on players from both teams BetterHalftimeShows
SocialOutcasts are here and Bo-rida is back , as Rose takes on Titus RAW RadicalMongoose
Bill Cosby may be innocent ... but we know who's guilty don't we FingersInTheBootyAssBitch
Four Scores and Seven Whores ago ThingsLincolnDidntSay
Love Ambrose taking a beating and still flashing a smile RAW
Fenix turned in the GiftOfTheGods for a shot at Mil's LuchaUnderground Championship ! TONIGHT 8 on
NOTHING is off limits in these INSANE Street Fights !
Choo Choo All Aboard The TityFollowTrain Follow Me & amp ; Retweet This Gain Followers
Yeah I thought it was weird when the fireworks popped and I seen Fandango on TitanTron RAW
The Bro Mans are back ! ! ! & amp ; challenging Beer Money ! ImpactOnPop
your Father is one of the smartest funniest people I've ever heard , wish I could be there for Mash up !
It's almost time for tip off ! ! Who do you have winning tonight ? RETWEET for Cavs LIKE for Hawks CavsHawks
How many likes do I need to get on this post in order to get you to go to prom with me next year ( realistically of cou
did you guys record today , been waiting to get my weekly dose of funny ? MiseryLovesCompany
Oops the Condom broke UnluckyIn 4Words
"" F4F MGWV FollowTrick #TeamFollowBack AnotherFollowTrain
Michigan football searching for divine help to beat Ohio State , lol GoBucks
great episode of TheRoundtableofGentleman and now you can say Who wants to see my elephant Dick ? hilarious
What a horrifying story . 13 ... months ... old . Just vile
Man wanted for rape , murder of 13 - month-old girl in Ohio captured in Pittsburgh area
Your life is complicated today by the people around you who ar ... More for Virgo
I say that disqualifies him . Along w / the fact knew about Flynn & amp ; lied 2 Americas on camera . What
Dustin Hoffman Sexually Harassed Me When I Was 17 ( Guest Column )
MorningJoe As our nation tears itself apart , Putin is laughing his a * * s off right now . Thanks
Humans are just starting to understand this nearly invincible creature and it's fascinating
TURNOUT IS LOW ! IF U LIVE IN A PLACE WHERE ITS ELECTIONDAY YOU NEED TO GET OFF YOUR BUTT & amp ; VOTEDEM ! VoteNortham VotePhilM
This is one of the lines that Whitefish Energy repaired . Almost all of Puerto Rico is still in the dark , including San Jua
If multiple divorces and bankruptcies are supposed to be indicators that someones untrustworthy , I have some bad news ... ht
A man-made calamity that shames the world . On yemen & amp ; its millions facing starvation . Including little ones . Moving and
BREAKING : A tractor trailer has crashed into at least eight vehicles at the intersection of Rodi Road and William Penn
Galapagos sea lion pups on Santiago Island , Ecuador
FakeNews tweets out fake Time magazine cover naming him ' Person of the Year '
I get it , in the Trump cult Trump does no wrong .
Trump sharing Britain First . Let that sink in . The President of the United States is promoting a fascist , racist , extremist
to vote for Senate GOP tax plan
key takeaway from today > > Mueller : Trump Team Meddling In Obama Diplomacy Extended Beyond Flynn via
So far the economy looks a lot like the Obama economy
If Salt N Pepa's "" Push It "" is going to be in repeat in my head all day for no reason , I'm taking as many of you down with me as p
Who wouldn't want to live like the kindest character in the wizarding world ? Happy birthday , Rubeus Hagrid !
Alaska just reported one of the most extreme snowfall rates on record : 10 inches per hour
Dedication on display in Buffalo today ( by
Pittsburgh's Action Weather forecast : Lake-effect snow bands , gusty winds expected through Tuesday
PIC : Heres a look at the jack-knifed tractor trailers along the turnpike EB , just past Warrendale toll plaza . Looks like
House Intel Committee Republicans have scheduled critical Russia interviews in New York next week , giving Dems choice :
Toys ' R ' Us reportedly may close at least 100 stores via
Heather North , voice of Daphne on ' Scooby-Doo , ' dies at 71
JoeStrummer died 15 years ago today , 22nd Dec 2002 , in Broomfield , Somerset , England , aged 50 . Singer , songwriter & amp ; m
You wipe your ass before you take a shit aswell dont you
Each time a man's heart beats , he makes 1500 new sperm .
7 in 100 men suffer from some sort of color blindness , but only 1 out of every 1,000 women suffer from it .
It is too far into the semester for people to be sitting in my unassigned assigned seat
The Dahlia flower is so bright that it almost glows .
Being deceived raises your body's ability to perform physically .
Bitch I'm The Tokyo Ghoul
What y'all think , they weren't gonna tax it once it was legal to sell it ? Lol
! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Pitbulls doing the mannequin challenge is the best thing I've seen in 2016
He said he liked our classmate's Vans on the first day of school , so we pitched in and bought him his own pair
Fellas , I just spent 2 whole hours arguing and searching the dustbin to prove to my girl that this missing piece is not from
My chemistry class has me so stressed I'm thinking about just learning how to make meth and dropping out after
I'm not perfect , but I'm loyal .
You are part of the universal dance . Let your music play .
Meet the heroic man that saved 1,000 dogs from being slaughtered for food ...
I still don't understand what happened to our love
' I'd rather go back to the war ' : 84 - year-old twins homeless after foreclosure in NorCal
Having no idea what to do when mom leaves .
My dad is in the hospital and had a nightmare and really wanted to talk to me but I was asleep at 2and didn't answer I feel like a bad son
I'm going to hell for laughing
Tricycle of terror was funny as fuck
Akame Ga Kill Opening 1
Yall ever noticed Rock Lees hair spells NINJA
I claim B . O . B never existed because i never saw his career
thank you that makes me feel better
it's effing amazing .. Just shoved it down my throat like a fat ass ...
Great news ! The first 3 matches of the reg . season will be featured on the digital platform :
Lloyd lookin ' mighty so-phicto-cated lol SoulTrainAwards :)
* Me trying to get through a line of women * Me : Excuse me , Ma'am * I bump into her * * She look me up and down * Me : WellFuckYouTooThen
R E T W E E T this : 1 . Follow "" ) 2 . I might give you a shoutOUT to help with more followers "" ) leggo !
it would be nice to see a text message from you "" )
I love my niece , but I hate when she gets me sick ThisIsNotCool
Dinner with and the bae Saturday + =
walking got scratched off the list . Last time I walked at night ... shit got real .
it's straight . Next week is our last week so it's been fun thus far
Hey girlie ! ! ! What you up to tonight ? ? ?
yo lame broke ass lol jp
If you text me to ask me to buy you something to eat as a man , you are no longer worth my time .
Home is where the heart is , but if you keep fucking with it , you might end up homeless .
when we get back from Christmas Break , operation dinner with Ashley is in effect at the Nest
No but forreal tho , sitting here figuring out what oomf wants for his birthday ...
I mean I know ya'll got questions , so might as well :
Been official that GSU SouthernNotState the best Turn Up school in GA .
I regret not talking to oomf but I mean they haven't talked me the past school year ... until they want something . FOH
SouthernNotState Homecoming is sooo close and yet TWO days left to purchase StompFest 2k13 for $ 15 and YOU still don't have one .
GB Meeting tonight at 6:30 pm ! JustWaitOnIt
Hustler ( Inspired by Paid in Full [ Coldcut Remix ] by Eric B andRakim )
I hate when I'm on the bus , listening to music and a turnt song come on ... Can't even turn up
I liked a video Cool Amerika - Make Sum Shake
I liked a video 4 The 90s by Todrick Hall
how to win my heart .
I feel like I'm preparing for a fight listening to it but really just getting ready to go to Taco Bell
Maybe something will happen to me mom , it'll be a relief to both of us right ?
when you're high as fuck and start thinking about life
i may be ugly and annoying but at least i dont have a selfie of me as my phones background
Tired of everyone having a shit attitude
Strong urge to buy more clothes
Phil from Modern Family is my spiritual animal
Waiting for to make a funny tweet about this
My anaconda dont wanna go to class tomorrow
I definitely will . Thank you ! !
I think it's funny to tell kaitlin when someone takes her parking spot
some people are scared to double text while I literally send quadruple paragraph texts without any shame
2014 blessed me with some great friends ! I really can't thank them enough .
when someone is crying and ur just like
I just wanna crawl back in bed with Michael and sleep all day
I took this picture of the water but if you flip it it looks like I took a picture of the sky and omg I'm so ammused
So excited to get my car worked on today ! !
I . Have . The . Plague .
I guess I'm good at somethingggg
When people think they are some hot shit but really they're literal shit :-)
Nothing makes me feel better than having such a clean house
Wait , hold on , 2PM is going to Chicago ?
KJ doing interview for a China fashion website [PCLADY] Cr . ( 2/2 )
Like , I don't have to strain to understand his English , it's just perfect
Lol , the presents just keep on coming
How are your hashtags always on point ? teachmeyourways
When a fan said that Saengie is 30 years old this year , Saengie's face ..
Quiero encontrar clases de coreano en Chile pero todava no se si voy a tener tiempo para asistir
Minwoo : Concept - the moment the whistling starts ( for Sniper ) is when everyone becomes our target
My 50 English words are 30 words in Korean . How am I ever supposed to reach the required word count
HJB : Ya que solo mientras haya fans que cuiden de SS501 , SS501 seguir existiendo .
FAN : Oppa , SS501 have a chance to release 2nd album in the future ? JM : YES ! ! ! !
Young Saeng is a brat
So KJ , YS , and HJ's enlistements I could handle but JM ... idk
Please thank the fansite noonas for their hardwork it wasn't easy
Young Saeng's face clearly says he is 501 % done with his two band mates SS301
another case of "" i'm so over with these two "" by YS
Im really so proud u guys fid so well on the behalf of the rest of us
Bless for having constant communication with fans and for providing info in English
are you aliveit's been 4ever since I've seen you post
YS is all like "" I'm a Real Madrid fan ... but she's a Barcelona fan ""
that is one interesting fashion choice
If I do end up getting a message from them , I'm just not going to answer
not of the latest season :( but I plan on watching it today
Heo Young Saeng Is "" DANCING LIKE NO ONE IS AROUND ""
Dumb , Dumber n Dumbest speaking their own language . OMG I LOVE THEM SO MUCH SS501 DoubleS 301
Es ms noticia el staff dando botellas que la propia salida de los chicos del aeropuerto
This gif makes me happy
this for a follow going to follow 100 people !
what's your favorite color ?
will you marry me ?
idc you called me babe that's all that matters lol
yall lil niggas needa chill I don't want Jessica fam I DNt know how else to put it
it's like weed jus get u higher
I need a Bf bf as in Benjamin franklins as in $ 100 ' s
I can't wait until I have my own everything
I need that money like the ring I never won
Dude look like a feminine shaq
If u live down vt hope u ain't go to school
When you're trying to sleep , but game day is tomorrow ...
Tables turn , bridges burn , you live & amp ; & amp ; learn .
perfect day to do it lol
Bored af nothin to do
Get us some cuh plz
we gettin da fair one duude
Ima young nigga w a cougar bitch
When u try to go check in during lunch
Dis All I Want 4 Chrima ... My Heart Just Stopped Bih ...
People miss blessings everyday b ! !
Ok it seriously is bedtime now !
C'mon now . Never leave a mate hanging .
. care . Breathtaking , Heart pounding , mysterious love stories . A Magnificent Romantic Suspense accela
if you love to PLAY for a chance to win a $ 10 Game Card ! One winner a week , winner chosen on Fridays , contest ends ...
Sunday + football + baseball = awesome Eagles Phillies Saintsonpool
Where were the fake so called Christians yesterday ?
Yayyy the gym found my earring that must have been some Zumba workout to lose my earring Zumba
it's not an attack on the child , it's an attack on the parents . Comb the child's hair ! ! Thankgodmychildhasbeautifulhair
A friend in Maryland was watching fireworks and said omg I have to call my girl and wish her a happy birthday . gladsheremembered
Chickie and Pete's lobster cheesesteak is ridiculously good ! zumba 3xthisweek forsure
who replaced Butter at DAS ? Thank you
I do that's why I don't drink them or diet occasionalgingerale 4oz
I miss seeing Aaron Paul every week bitCH
Thank you WAWA for the free coffee Wawa 50th
thank you for the free donut ! NationalDoughnutDay
don't blame Kanye blame GQ for the rubbish
thank you for the update
You're welcome ! We're hoping for a happy ending . teamlouie
The year in photos via
I'd like to apply .
Meek and mild Mayor Gordon Hopewell ? notsomeekandmild Banshee BansheeFinale
this was written by a person that evidently has a loving , saintly mother
put Rutina Wesley on Empire Scandal
I actually voted ! I love them both . Bindi is such a beautiful young lady and an inspiration .
This grandma rocked a bikini after her nursing home pals told her to go for it
I'm just thankful he didn't murder anyone else . You doubters believe he's guilty now ? ! OJMadeAmerica
did she injure any of the officers ? Are you serious ! ? !
I used to watch it and fast forward to the guest I don't even record it or watched it in months boring kellyripa
Let the judge do her job MeekMill WendyWilliams
is this NFL sabermetrics save 3
Let's watch that award-winning highlight again , shall we ?
what did KD win ?
exactly what you think it means
when it cost $ 250 . Gonna be an easy cop . 95 % of people can't afford them .
RETWEET this for a chance to win a prize pack . Winner gets 2 Phillies tix , 2 med pizzas and 2 t-shirts . ScoreS
how far did you run
winner . Didn't even know you were there . But congratulations nonetheless
NO . ( But YES to NBAVote Joel Embiid )
Supreme Week 4 Proxies Available Now DM to Order . - Random RT'er will receive 10 Free Proxies -
yo Ry , long time , quick question . What kind of hot dog rolls do the phillies use on their dogs ? Could you find out for me ?
going thrift store shopping tomorrow to finish up my maggie mui cosplay .. might try to find a skirt for my rhode cosplay as well ..
well yea it IS a disney movie .
food ! ! ! !
yay the next season of top chef will have people from dallas again ! !
i wish that animefest would post who they are having as guests so I can know if I need to save up money or not .. arrgh
i feel stupid . i thought glee was on wed . this year , but it starts on the 21 of september which is a tuesday , which means .. i get to watch ! !
man vs food is awesome !
the library is closed by now ..
good . i would hate to be considered lame when I'm stuck in dfw ..
Photoset : breathlessbeauty : eeeeeeeeeeeee
one more class and then I am done with college :)
I'm so close to passing out but I have 30 more minutes before I can fall asleep .
I'm Amy without Sheldon .
my family is insane .. * rolls eyes *
The only thing that got me out of bed was the man who can't be moved playing on my phone . Kudos
The new episodes of naruto are so good . :)
I have this idea for a story that I really want to write ..
This is my current mood today . Listening to on repeat
For once I'm glad I live in Houston !
now I have the image of you skateboarding in my head . That's awesome .
Scorpio are not very talkative unless they are completely comfortable around you .
Love how my YouTube feed is a mix of , / @Lin_Manuel , and .. Priorities .
Made a decision : I'm going to funnel all the anxiety I'm feeling into sending positivity into the world .
So apparently , I now can't watch The Nightmare Before Christmas without picturing as Jack .. Live action anyone ?
Ahh this is so good . I can't wait !
Students keep stepping on my feet on accident . One of my toes is completely bruised ... Owwwww
whatever . Sorry , but he was more interesting to me than Gaga and her dirty feet .
he reminds me of the human fish
Have I told you guys how much I love and FallonMeyers 2016
I used to be obsessed with Fiddler on the Roof .
WOW WOW WOW ! ! ! Thanks everyone for all the great compliments and I'm glad you all enjoyed it ! feelingthelove
"" What's him name ? "" "" Y ? Do u think he's cute ? "" "" Yeah ! "" "" Do you think he's cuter than "" No ! I like Jimmy better . "" These kids !
I've been taking buses my whole life and for some reason I just forgot how tokens work .
Blended was sweet and funny and I loved it !
wanna share ? Haha the stuff we have expires next month so I'm trying to do 3 cups a day so it doesn't go to waste .
My favorite thing of all time is exaggeration .
Higgins is amazing . FallonTonight
way to go Emmys 2014
Baby just licked my eyeball .
I'm afraid we will never know and this makes me very sad
WHEN I SAY IM HANGING OUT WITH FRIENDS THIS IS WHO IM TALKING ABOUT
That baby shower is going to have everything . SNL
Saw the tree today and it looked sad
But will make an appearance in Get Hard ? ?
& amp ; follow for a chance to win Clone Trooper Utapau or Planet X Bossk ! StarWars
I Love Love Love my guy
I've accepted that Trump is insane . It's fine . What alarms me is knowing how many people are agreeing wholeheartedly w / e
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a DC Legacy box from
Impeach . This . Tub . Of . Shit .
I'm a stand up comedian in the body of a chicken .
HOLY CRAP GUYS ! bb19
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Porg Pop ! 10 winners will be chosen ! Don't forget - TakeYourPorgToW
Woke up this morning and Mexico was calling my name ! Do I get a plane and head to Cabo .. ? Or ... Do I just grab a coupl ...
ThingsBetterThanReplacementRefs Showers with Jerry Sandusky .
I will avoid that freezing hell hole as long as fiscally possible .
If youre gonna wear yoga pants : 1 . Have an ass . 2 . Dont be fat . 3 . Wear a thong . Thanks .
First fish of the summer largemouthbass keukalake RTR
Yes , I am insane . I just had a conversation with myself over a social network . cool modernissues insane hashtag
- What's going on ? - Steve fell off a ladder , he's dead inside , we're gonna go save America .
I'm just drunk enough to say go for it man , but sober me is still keeping shit smart . thanksme
in Tuscaloosa it's between 50 and 200 . 25 would be awesome
Single Taken Too high to give a fuck
oh ya know , a whole lot of nothing .
I need to get back to Tuscaloosa .
If u retweet them , if you put that filth on my timeline , I unfollow you .
Why don't Yankee wal Marts carry boxed wine I want to slap the bag
is poetic and deep this evening .
Girl Scout cookies will make me fat by spring break yet .
fractured my zygomatic bone . ouch
so for those unaware , im back in the 607 .
when you back in Qld big man ?
NowPlaying Don't You Worry Child ( Radio Edit ) [ feat . John Martin ] by Swedish House Maf
if you watched the 89-90 or 90-91 playoffs you would have a clue ...
Thanks kept me on the edge of my seat halfway around the world ... greatcall GoReds
Congrats on the mag of the year award ! Stumbled on it on a trip to the US , now get it every month here in Australia greatread
Been seeing a few of these over the last couple of days ...
Venice Beach , USA ...
Flick or a message they will sort it out for you ...
Top win ... great turn of speed in the last 100m .
This says it all really ... ASADA AFL InnocentUntilProvenGuilty
nowplaying Kick , Push by Lupe Fiasco
For all fans here's Coutinhos goal via
Skrtel has been an absolute rock ... lfcvsswansea
Richmond surely must be red hot favorites for ninth place ( again ) ... AFLTigersDees
I thought poo green was a bad color to start with ...
Well played well played ... BackToBack
In honour of Patrick Dangerfield . Sign , Sealed and Delivered ( to Geelong ) ... AFL AfLFinals AFLHawksCrows
lived around Lilydale , but played footy as a kid in Yarra Glen ...
Great to see coming to Oz ...
hopefully back for the Celtics game ...
Is this some sort of new advertising strategy from Big W ? Was $ 10 ... still is $ 10 .
600 Winners ... What an awesome achievement ! Congratulations .
watching Delly with the Australian Olympic team be like ...
Well well well ... ASIC ausbiz
If an election was held today , who would you vote for ... Malcolm Roberts , or a Chihuahua wearing a Sombrero ? Like for M
Lets keep it going for the rest of the year ...
Couldn't agree more . Saw 1 last week riding up a street the wrong way , on his phone , weari
political career ... auspol byebyemalcolm
Is Hans a genius ? will let you decide .
bows to your perfection :)
I want women to enslave men in want to be at the feet of the superior gender as there foot slave
Whenever the superior gender tells you to do something always submit and respond yes mistress
The perfect way of life
you have sexy feet in would love to lick your soles from top to bottom
Men to learn there place just submit to the superior gender women deserve it men are only useful when submitting and serving women as slaves
I wish I was your human furniture
Women have every right to use and abuse us we were created by women to serve as slaves so they have all the right to do anything to us
who ever disrespects you must be jealous of you because you are a goddess men submit and serve you asslaves andempoweringwomen
Wearing a Goddesses collar is a subs dream - hopefully the future will see more women
not as crazy as u picking the packers over the eagles . anti-philly bias on espn is alive & amp ; well . you have no objectivity stink !
I have begun packing .
Mood this morning : Shitty . Mood now , after watching one episode of "" Freaks and Geeks "" on DVD : Sky-high .
Stumbled : Greystone Inn by Brad Guigar
you just sold ( at least one ) book with that tweet ! they look gorgeous !
Knives ! You'll use ' em every day , and good ones will never let you down or wear out .
I really think this dude on the Price Is Right just said hi to Tila Tequila .
It's weird . on the one hand it's noble to not use them as a powerpoint slide but on the other hand he's being an ass these days .
My friend Dave had me figure out how long you can watch Law & Order without stopping . There are 767 episodes of the 3 series . 31.9 days .
SU A Walk Through the Newsroom - WSJ.com
Using cash at self checkout ? You , sir , are my enemy .
For the first time I'm considering buying a "" Death and Taxes "" poster ... just so I can compare it to next year's and experience the glee .
Continuing : "" That would be like me naming Neva JamieBeth Integration , Peace , and Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream For All Sedlak . ""
So I have to DRIVE THERE and buy it from them . They promise written Rx to use at 1800PetMeds but NEVER ACTUALLY GIVE IT
I loved you for your body , that doesn't make a fool of me , you were in it for your body too
... oh , and it was TED , right , so I wasn't me , I was a celebrity . You know who I was ? LONI ANDERSON . I do not understand how my brain works .
I had no idea Paul Harvey was still alive . I remember when Joe Piscopo ( I think ? ) used to do an impression of him on SNL in the early ' 80s .
SU The Comics Curmudgeon & amp ; Blog Archive & amp ; The Internet & amp ; 8212 ; is there anything it can & amp ; 821 ..
favorited a lol ' you can give a cat a fish , and he'll eat for a day ' lol ichc
Stavia - Playing Peggle ; Adventure level 11-2 with Claude , Score : 65870
The thing that gets me feeling guilty on Clean House is when I see Amazon boxes and Target bags . Hits a little too close to home sometimes !
those pics are so cool ! thanks for linking to them ! :)
I have to keep reminding myself .
Earlier I slipped and fell down on the kitchen floor , spilling a pitcher of water and the trashcan and hurting myself in 4 places .
1 vs 100 just unlocked me a new dance . Soon my avatar will do "" the Elaine "" and I can die happy .
All this about Slate and Tabletdoes this not scream PALETTE ? www.loopinsight.com / 2010/01 / 18 / apple-announces-special-event-for-january - 27
Just opened a Coke from the downstairs fridge . It says "" Olympic Games "" on it . That's right , the 2008 Beijing ones .
I just unlocked the Level 2 "" JetSetter "" badge on In it to win it !
I just earned the ' Journeyman ' badge on
. @BingRewards is giving away over 2 million free Bing Rewards credits . Opt in now !
Watch me tomorrow talking about my new video on and NewARTPOPSingle
I get back Monday night ( hopefully ) so anytime after then :)
At least gave us free access to direct tv while we wait
going from JFK-MXP then to OPO with TAP , will my checked bags be transferred over to the next flight ?
Photo of cabin on new A330 - 300 ' s . Source : avgeek PaxEx
maybe they can address it in a future update .
no prob , just realizing they will be operating all 3 engine types PW , GE , RR and possibly with all different products
To Launch Flights Between Buffalo and Los Angeles on June 16th . avgeek
Can't seem to get the osx feeder app to open , says access has been revoked . Any help ?
I didn't notice it until now
I'll try my best , enjoy the show !
I'm sure you will soon ! Its random . Btw 10km = Hitomonchan
Have a great night everyone ! Pic courtesy of ! ATR 72 ATR 42 avgeeks
All remaining seats are released during check in . So if they are any left then yep
Nice ! And it really is quiet . The only noticeable noise in the cabin was coming from the A / C .
better than the last episode ? ? ? ! ! Wow . You did an amazing job in it ! !
we had a great time at your show last night ! Thanks for the laughs ! !
everything I can cross is crossed ! ! So hoping to win !
Super excited to see on Thursday at the Mann ! ! Fingers crossed for my favorite song - Tom and Mary ? ? ! !
A traffic warning you WANT to get
my nails didn't get messed up in the weather - - phew
Ottering : waking up , holding your iPhone in both hands as you lie on your back , checking e-mails & amp ; texts , looking for an
hello ! ! Playoff help needed - amendola or does Baldwin stay hot ? ? ? ? PPR thanks
. @AnnCoulter is dating Jimmie Walker and no one can believe it .
Save some runs for tomorrow
yea i always see you around but not really having conversations during games
They are thinking too much . Its like they dont know what to do with the puck
loved you post today keep it up
Every Team has injuries We don't have depth
ESPN needs more live sports and cut the daytime talk . If its not live show a replay of a game in a hours time
Do you think the Lions will make the Playoffs this year and what will their record be
The last caller saying that the national media is dogging on michigan i have heard all good things
Riddick looked good when he touched the ball
The camera view on TNF makes me feel like i'm playing madden
I don't know why I love safety pins so much , they are a pain in the ass to open and close ...
The awkward moment when you're casually making a milkshake , and suddenly all the boys show up at your yard .
People are so fucking annoying .... just fuck off JakeandElla 4ever
Hey all you sexy ASH-Holes ! this to your favorite band or artist :) let's see if we could get some recognition ! h ...
AskBlessTheFall If a movie was to be made about your life what would it be called and who would U want to play u in the movie ? ?
Scream singing . It's what I do best . concertweirdos
FF epic things coming !
is fucking amazing ! ! !
IF JOHNNY CHRIST IS THE MAN FOR YOU !
U got to the place u r now the way it should be done , hard work , dedication & amp ; having the strength to go on no matter wat !
Im bored ... so im just going to tweet quotes i love :D
Fuck that , Tacos fucking rule ! ! !
PARTY SHIRT ALERT : When it's time to jack , we will always Jack Hard : Retweet to win !
The color of the twist ties on bread show the day it was shipped to the store . Buy fresh . M = Blue . T = Green . Thu = Red . ...
Kurt Cobain died 19 years ago today .
Happy Birthday Hope tour is great so far .
A day to be happy ! ! ! :) HappyDeefizzyDay
You wear the Burger King crown but it's not your birthday BirthdayBodies
So much gold glitter around my eyes ...
Eating Spanish rice & amp ; drinking Chocolate milk in bed ... I'm not even sorry
Baby Thayer is here & amp ; ready to take over the world just like his big brother ! So stoked on the new
Congratulations on another cover . I know it's going to be badass :)
Every single song on the album & amp ; every song that didn't make it into the final cut that won't get heard LoveForEverySong
nice to meet you , how are you :)
cuz is a photographer himself did he hive input on the Modern Vintage band photos AskSixxAM
Dramatic Heavy Metal Film Metalhead Announces Limited US Theater Run & amp ; VOD Availibility
A enjoyable read aloud book for you and your child ! The impossible really can come true ! The Wish FitzPatrick-Amazon
RheumatoidArthritis = joint pain and stiffness . Rheumatoid Arthritis research studies are enrolling now .
Support MentalHealth and help Defeat Depression ! Join the virtual DefeatDepressionDash run / walk . Learn more :
DiabeticFootUlcer ? Research studies enrolling . No-cost Study Meds . Learn more . diabetes
Do you have RheumatoidArthritis ? Join a clinical trial for arthritis . Learn more about this research study .
I'm raising money for Hemchromastosis and Gastroparesis . Click to Donate : via
This recipe is tasty , healthy , and fits inside of a tomato ! Give it a try ! PerdueCrew promotion -
Please help . My health hasn't improved . I am looking at having to have bladder surgery and ...
5 Ways To Get The Party Started - Parent Style Parenthood parenting humor family familyfun
NuForce giveaway is live ! Join and use OPTOMANU code under NuForce seller to get 20 % off ! giveaway
Enter to win Season 1-6 of GameOfThrones on bluray . Follow for more ! got season 7 podcast giveaway
Join me and sign a petition to support American ecommerce exporters InclusiveTrade
Quiet and Unassuming : A YoungAdult Novel about three teenage girls ChildrensBooks GreatReads
These tips from will help you have an amazing 4th of July ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
Read 200 Very Short Stories . You can start and finish a whole one in one night !
read is now trending in my community , shared by and :) What's trending in yours ?
Share the love : thanks for being top new followers this week :)
A desperate grip on one's sanity . A fight against demons . MustRead bookboost kindle
FREE Two-Day Shipping , exclusive access to movies , music and Kindle books . Try Prime Free AmazonPrime via
As you can see , the diversity of this white supremacy panel represents the entire spectrum , from "" baby powder "" to
- Happy to have you in my community :)
PROFITABLE BOOK IDEAS FAST How many Searches Per Month on Amazon are being made for your book idea k
Check out Action Packed Richard Petty Driving with Dale Card 73 via
Lighthouse collection Buy For : $ 10.00
Just saw this on Amazon : Magic Inductive Truck [ Choose Your Truck ] M ... by cToy for $ 19.49 via
I'm selling ' Action Packed Dale Earnhardt 1993 Busch Clash Winner Card 95 ' Click to see
A dark , page-turning psychological thriller Sample Chapters available here thri
I'm selling ' Action Packed Geoff Bodine Card 80 ' on Check it out at
More Animoji Karaoke for you .
What is better than one holiday roast ? Two ! Try this at friendsgiving ! Promotion PerdueCrew . -
The man reached up and pulled off the mask .. I was looking at myself .. I had been causeing all this pain and all I could do was scream-QBWTEE
I just got admitted to embry riddle automatically university ! ! ! ! yay
Free on Xbox 360 with 4 games . Get it here -
omg he has The Countesses baby in his bag
One of the most attractive things is effort
Lol when growing up , did you ever get soap in your mouth as a punishment ? No
Me and Taylor at his screening for ' The Forest . ' I can't wait for it to come out so you all can
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Family Feud 2 iOS .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Family Feud 2 iOS .
Go behind the scenes of V99 with in an exclusive film by
It was more symbolic that we didnt win , because its reflective of how much further we have to go -
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
SAY YES ! HES HILARIOUS ! AGT
A round of for everyone live-tweeting with us tonight . Who is your favorite contestant so far tonight ? AGT
Hey don't show up to the Dolby today . isn't back until August 23rd .
Wednesday 10 PM . Try not to scream . AHS 6
My Dive Bar Tour with starts tomorrow ! First stop NASHVILLE , where I will premiere my new song "" Million Reasons . ""
If your wondering what my new album JOANNE is all about . Just watch this .
JoanneVibes I had the best time today signin ' for fans at dad's restaurant I got to be with family eat past
TOKYO , here we come ! Thank you for the beautiful plane !
"" Being a lady today means being a fighter . It means being a survivor ... it takes great strength to do that . ""
So brave and so empowering . I feel so connected to you because we go through similar situations with mental illness . I'm not alone
I can't wait to watch you perform tomorrow !
You just voted for her by hash tagging that
Send me fun stuff ! Sarahah
This girl , that outfit , that parking lot in PA , that attitude that she will persevere through it all . That's my album Joanne ,
Gr8 to meet w / people who know + value the importance of mental wellness . chatting w /
The show is tonight ! ! Get your JoanneVibes ready for the JoanneWorldTourConnecticut JoanneWorldTour
What a night Dallas ! Up members get your stage side tickets for Oklahoma City tomorrow ! Come sing with me VZup ht
Tylernol Tylernol Tylernol . That word is stuck in my head .
So I guess I'll give up on that dream ...
Today I am thankful to be a Native American that hasn't died because of a white man yet . TheRealThanksgiving
Oh , just when there is a game I care about on TV , my team begins to fail me . Come on , OSU ! P . S . Shoulda worn gray .
As Christians , when confronted , we have to work on being humble . I wish it were more easy for me . ProblemsThatEveryoneHas
Excited to see how many students show up to meet and greet Chuck Norris at game , he wants to stand in the student section ! !
I couldn't tell from Jeff Long's press conference ... Is he going to conduct a review or not ?
Step 1 : Decide to pick up trash . Step 2 : Create trash to throw away , i . e . napkins . Step 3 : Throw away and feel productive .
I saw a book about hypochondriacs today and I thought of you . Also I started worrying about you going to Honduras .
In other news , my puppy is adorable .
I want to go back to Fayetteville but I don't want to leave home .
Group project today with Davyon McKinney . I feel cool . This tweet probably makes me uncool again . DayMade
She's wonderful and healthy ! My bro has told me he is at the hospital "" protecting her "" right now . I'm ready for her to come home !
I ran nonstop 1 mile in 9 minutes , and it was all because I was trying to impress the person I was running with . Caleb is great motivation .
Please , you're worth at least the whole Hoover .
Can we just take a moment to appreciate how adorable Bill Nye is ? BillNyeTheBowtieGuy
I feel like some of these tweets you guys are doing should really just be texts
Just wanted to let y'all know that is a flippin Disney princess . Girl is gorgeous . truth
You better believe I am ready for the next link-up ! :) I thought that all while I was blogging that !
Dolphin girl has to stop . That costume has gills . Dolphins do not have gills . You are a dolphin trainer . Pull it together . TheBachelor
& amp ; follow for your chance to WIN a Exclusive Glow-in-the-Dark Yellow Lantern Batman Pop !
going to bed or you have time for AIM ?
their whole interaction in the clothes shop was adorable .
the maroon 5 song ? I don't want it . It was an idea for you lol
you watched the whole ep ?
Emma is looking so gross this season .
I think I just made ' s day .
yet you watched TXF which was 9 seasons lol
remember when you broke my heart into a million pieces
I still can't find a song for them
to answer these questions especially sine you're going to a new place and you're not familiar with the schools
I still haven't found quotes to use . That's what's holding me back . I only have 30 seconds left
sorry just seeing this now . that's thanksgiving weekend here . i usually visit family upstate :(
OMG we share a birthday
Did anyone watch that Making a Murderer documentary ? I'm hearing mixed things about it .
I just like Jared on my screen lol But yeah I'm team Jess
You know the days you want to stay at home and do nothing but you can't ? Today's that day .
but you should ship them lol they're just at a awkward point
i think it's stupid if they kill him off . i mean i don't 100 % ship them only because i don't ship anyone with olivia .
thanks so much ! ! ! Hope all is well with school .
The concert was amazing last night
Win with PINCHme ! We're giving away this amazing cooking pack and 2 runner's up packs ! Enter here > >
I know . People should understand by now we all don't ship the same pairings . Yet they still comment .
I miss them so much
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! ! ! Hope your day is as awesome and wonderful as you are
That's fine . As long as you give her credit I'm sure she will delete the tweet .
Anyone know where I can download Riverdale s2 so far ? The site I usually used stopped uploading :(
Marques Daniels being strapped to a board as we speak ! ! !
Glad you can make it ! Thanks for ' 91 Dennis , one of the best times of my life was that title run !
Gambling at St Andrews with the son of GaryRyan
' Slugfest at the Saloon ' Friday June 10th in Iowa City ! Gotta love local boxing cards !
Anybody on board with me when I say this has been a great ... fuckin ... series ?
Ben Zobrist ( 22 ) off Big Ol Bartolo Colon 3rd inning . Good to see you in the big leagues again . CRHRC 11
Ben Roethlisberger Close To Completing Offseason Without Committing Sex Crime OnionGOOMF
What kind of talent are we looking at here with Nonito Donaire ?
Avery Reiners shouting orders at me as I go out the door . Wonder where she's seen that before ?
Josh Hamilton has relapsed , according to
Someone thought Ali ceremony at Marlins game was a good idea . Someone was wrong . He's still The Greatest , but tha ...
Very true . Completely different rules in Pippen's era . Scottie's ability to guard 94ft sets him apart IMO .
Good to see basketball , and sports in general , are pussified on the international level as well .
I'd really like to punch Ian Poulter in the face .
DonaireArce ringside report . boxing
Boarded my jet to RiosAlvarado . Ready for war in Vegas .
Y'all musta forgot . LeBron
I take on ' Bikes and bites ' at Kung Fu Tap and Taco Juice
Which team is Brendon Ayanbadejo referring to ? ' 06 Bears or ' 12 Ravens ? I seek the answer .
How to make money using Facebook . Because not everyone can be a SocialMedia mogul .
DWade uninterested in defense when his shot isn't falling . This is the NBA Finals yo !
The notion that players should be loyal to one franchise is asinine . Player movement , free agency makes the NBA fun year-round , you like it .
Zelda Fitzgerald ... such a fabulous woman , took her last breath here in Asheville . Finally saw the place yesterday ! asheville literature
Great Biz ! My hubby reps them . Also I'm auditioning for topcats and hope to do this stuff soon !
National running day ? Ok . I'll participate , and think up a yummy new character while I'm at it . writers amwriting NationalRunningDay
On the prowl ! PantherNation gopanthers
Mamaw had a saying . If one of us had a big goal she'd say , "" baby , you lay in there and grind . "" The theme of my life as a writer . neverquit
Remember above all to love each other . Everyone is trying to make the best decision they can . If it doesn't go your way , please be kind .
Loved speaking at DeckleEdge today ! Met great authors and Craig Faris !
Excited to meet more booklovers tomorrow ! Come get a signed copy of TobaccoSun at Charleston Coffee Exchange ! chs coffee chsevent
will be at Barnes & amp ; Noble in tomorrow ! Asheville writer
Life is really a dream . It's up to you whether it's a good one or a nightmare .
all the days we did hood rat shit after school and on the weekends
Last night while face timing Macey she tells me to hold still because I looked on point this is what I got sent to
I've seen more posts from Trump supporters bashing people's morals for posting bad things about Trump than I have actual posts bashing Trump
I don't think my mom understands that I have allergies acting up today and I just want to nap so I can actually do things later
People always seem to care once it's too late
There's two beds in my room and last night after my back had a flare up my mom decided to sleep on my room and her alarm just went off
ever wanna cuddle with ur boyfriend then realize you don't have one bc same
to any boys confused about girls :
this better be about homework and improving your life
A guy refused to give up the airline seat he paid for . Airline beats the shit out of him . News media publishes the lowest
I'll be posting some of my drafts from late night tweets that never sent ... just be prepared
Covfefe got more press than a Delaware-sized iceberg breaking off Antarctica , symbolizing a climate crisis that threatens
I'm raising money for Bubba's Testicular Cancer Fund . Click to Donate : via
How do people have relationship after relationship like I can't even find a single person to find me remotely interesting fo
What if I'm trying to get a job one and I offended the boss . Bet I won't get hired . Or if one turns out
Tell this shit to your dad .
u gotta throw the whole government away
I usually don't cry then on random days it's like all the tears
If he's found guilty and y'all still fuck with him , I don't fuck with you . This isn't anything I take lightly and n
This knot is so fucking big that I tried to massage it and it hit my wind pipe and I accidentally choked myself
It is a great school with a great football program but they also have a lot of drunk people rambl
Its wild that Trump so shitty niggas dont even hate Bush no more lol
If someone doesn't understand privilege , show them this .
American shoe sizes are different lol my feet arent that big
if u don't retweet ur a straight idiot when have u ever seen a blue crawfish ur asking for bad luck if u ignore this facts ht
Im here for this too
I tried being healthier , working out , cutting out snacks and not over eating . Ive lost like 10 pounds but it left
It says in your tweet people comment this is why women get surgery and I was saying people that commen
I'm raising money for Help with student loan debt . Click to Donate : via
It's time to gear up . Jersey ? Mask ? Belt ? Custom Shoes ? shirt ? 280 characters in which to ra
Despite a decent 40 time and great vision Jacob goes yet another week unsigned .
Sorry we've been quiet today , been working on something special for this weekend . HasBeenSports
they took your lazy river idea .
THANK YOU FORSBERG ! I needed a reason to live . PHIvsNSH Preds
We have grown by almost 300 followers in the past 30 days ! SERIOUSLY THANK YOU !
. @Titans QB Marcus Mariota listed as questionable for MNF vs ICYMI
Please get into the end zone
And the ugliest win of all time award goes to .... Hey a W is a W
In a perfect world that's where
Dear Preds , I would greatly enjoy it if you did that fun thing where you score . Love , HasBeen .
for stadium Fav for stadium Quote for stadium Reply for stadium Ignore for stadium Delete your account for
Can we tie our lazy river tubes together with my scarf and your Coopers scarf as a sign of friendship ?
Why do I feel like that ref wants me to get off his yard ? TitanUp CINvsTEN
I really want to start an esports league in Nash through where we have weekly meet ups and the entire thi
| Name literally ANY soccer team and there's about a 84 % chance that Drake has their kit .
Tonight we bounce back at home ! LETS GO PREDS COLvsNSH
You aren't my friend unless you confirm this to be the truth when I'm watching the game .
Thanks for always joining in on our dumb jokes ! Definitely one of our favorite followers .
Retweet if you hate Chicago ... Preds CHIvsNSH
Murray is out there showing that he aint ready to give up his starting position yet ....... and as Im typing this h
We just hit 1500 followers on
Little brother is already performing like a veteran . We were not prepared for this .
Do we need to like submit a resume ? Cause we will . We have references .
| Who would have thought we would be here ? OurTownOurClub NashvilleMLS MLS 2Nashville
Sometimes you just have to catch flies mid flight to prove to your human that you can do more that eat and sleep !
"" I'm overdressed . "" - Cat InternationalCatDay
Naturals Original contains real chicken and salmon . Your cat will love the taste .
Can we just appreciate how cute this is
Lucky cat alert : FREE Fancy Feast in specially marked bags of Indoor and Complete formula .
Cats Play With Bubbles : Video
Please , could you vote for our story here ? We would be so grateful ! cat vote story kitten Adop
Boy with Special Needs and Cranky Shelter Cat Become Best Friends
Meet The Cat With Two Legs Thats Beyond Adorable !
Beloved cat Brutus to be immortalised in Morrisons supermarket statue via
Dog Finally Finds Forever Home After Nearly 4 Years In Shelter
Cat Without Ears May Look Funny But His Mom Thinks Hes Beautiful !
Abyssinian mama and kitten having a lovely cuddle ...
Otters don ? t like watermelon lol !
Dog with deformity gets fairy tale adoption after he's the last one to be adopted at shelter - ABC News - via
Antarcticas collapse haspotential to inundate coastal cities acrossglobe climatechange sealev
Read more than 150 travel quotes , all with a beautiful photo travelphotography
It's been a very busy day . It's all been too much for Parker
Boy Dog-Sits For His Aunts Pup And Is Given A Hilarious List Of Rules To Follow
Golden Retriever Has A Blast Playing With A Ball By Himself
Have a good whiskerswednesday ! AdoptDontShop
The cutest mama and kitten boop ever ! catgif
"" Can we play already ? ! "" ( via AKC ) dogsarefamily cuteness puppy
These dogs are SO EXCITED their sister is home from college
High-vis shibe dogs wow funny
YOU SAID YOUD JUST BE A SECOND , DAVE .
Gertie's recovery from pet store horror via
All week I have been crashing early and waking up early for no reason . This definite not-a-morning-person is confused .
My class was a sheltered group of 9 year olds , so no inappropriate commentary . It's amazing how old it looks now .
Dad & I both read them in the last couple of weeks . Lol . He's Team Peeta .
When I watch a video w / screaming girls in it , I spend the whole time going shhh ... , "" bring it down "" hand motions & amp ; all . It rarely works .
Yay for moms ! Glad yours is home safe . :)
I voteonedirection for the 2012 MTV VMA Bing Most Share-Worthy Video ! * sigh * I promise this is the only time :
My Top 3 lastfm Artists : Ed Sheeran ( 46 ) , One Direction ( 44 ) & amp ; P ! nk ( 34 ) mm
My Top 3 lastfm Artists : Hanson ( 6 ) , Ingrid Michaelson ( 6 ) & amp ; One Direction ( 6 ) mm
This whole band loves each other so much it actually causes me pain .
So the pollen count is ridiculous and even people who normally don't have to take allergy meds ( like me ) are living on Zyrtec .
And the last line is a killer .
Mine has tons of stuff . I momentarily thought about buying a blanket yesterday .
I don't like Midnight Memories and I wish they wouldn't play it on tour but I'm sure they will . IDK if that's unpopular though .
The more shit like this they pull the more the guys are going to rebel . They're not only immature assholes , they're idiots .
omg now i want this so badly ! ! !
Lol . Great attitude to have ! People who act like that are not worth time or emotion .
OMG ! A ) I love this song . It's so perfectly the direction I wanted them to go . B ) I really need to know who wrote it .
I was wondering if that was going to be an actual cauliflower or Harry . My guess was correct .
It's so weird . I have no idea or opinion on what's going on but you'd think they'd like prop him up somewhere for album release
Am I supposed to recognize those girls in that picture with Harry ?
I always mispronounce quinoa in my head first go ' round
GOP letter to Iranian clerics undermines American leadership . No one considering running for commander-in-chief should
Dublin taxi driver : "" We didn't lower the age for presidential candidates ' cos the kids would elect befo
obviously he should be reading the ones offering sexual favors instead , as they are much less offensive .
Giveaway alert ! Enter to win our ENTIRE 2015 Christmas Collection : follow us on Twitter & amp ; this post . Ends 11/24
That's the eyebrow pencil I've been using ! It's not perfect , but I haven't found an eyebrow product that is , so ...
Is the caption meant to express our feelings about this stunt ?
But why isn't it ?
The worst . That's what you need the discount on in the first place !
October isn't as scary anymore when you're more scared of your grades and bank account than Haunted Houses and Halloween
slasher . criminal minds . greys anatomy . vampire diaries . american horror story . prison break .
u got all the friends u need ( me )
i should be studying for finals and doing all of my final papers but i'm in bed drinking hot chocolate
New Years resolution : get rid of the fake people in my life
thank you sooo much ! love you
THE DIARY ! ? ! ! THE MINI MATTES ? ! ! ! ? THE MINI COLLECTIONS ! ? ! ? !
"" Man , college made me so broke "" "" Sameeee . What are you doing for spring break ? "" "" Going to Cancun . You ? ""
Just wrote a list of all the things I'm doing tonight
2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
if a dude is really fucking with you he will pursue you full force . You should never have to beg a man to show interest or be c
Why would the democrats want money from the budget if you said mexico was paying for it ya fuckin moron
Him : * leaves me on delivered last night * Him this morning : "" good morning beautiful "" Me : gOOd MOrIng beAuTiFul
bitch me too he ain't special
i get so offended when someone passes me when i'm already speeding like okay sir i'm sorry 90 in a 65 isn't good enough
Stop worrying about things you can't control
How I sleep knowing I have 3 suitcases to pack and laundry to do before I go back to College :
MoreRareThanAnEclipse A bra that actually fits me
I think victims of trauma should be able to respond to trauma however the hell they want without being shamed for it
people who preach about being nice & amp ; a good human on social media but are some of the meanest and worst people irl
Tom Brady chose not to come to the White House and Trump didnt say a thing .
No matter how "" busy "" a person is , if they care they will always find time for you .
She popping as fuck but let's not act like every woman who deals with a wild drug addicted cheater will be rewarded with all
___ shared a tweet w / u "" Did u eat "" "" Call me when u get home "" "" Be safe "" Saved u a plate "" I believe in u "" "" Ur worth it
"" How's college life ? "" You shoulda went .
male bees dont pollinate sweety , his ass out there cheating , im sorry , men really aint shit
seriously i don't even know what to change about my trial court brief any more , for once i like my paper the way it is
men are like snowstorms , you don't know how many inches they are or how long they'll last dragshow vegas
dear jets , how is it not your fault for reading the contract thoroughly ? ? ? ? rookiemistake
Surprise in Miami : Andy Roddick beat Roger Federer 7/6 1/6 6/4 for the 3rd time in 24 encounters ! Did you see that c ...
8 texts in a row is not going to make me respond to you stage 5alert
cleaning , laundry , and well drinking wine ...
hahahah is it just me or do you tell me to relax every day ?
i was just browsing through netflix and the house on the left came up , i don't ever suggest watching it ...
that was the weirdest conversation ever , life is getting strange
all i do is win lastfinal
Gov . McDonnell confirms Redskins to get "" significant upgrades "" to practice facility , and training camp will move to Richmo ...
Sometimes , your heart can't afford to be "" Just friends "" .
haha sometimes they are just way too wordy
CVS just called to tell me that my birth control is on recall AGAIN , seriously this is the 3rd time this has happened to me
Redskins win ! HTTR BeatDallas accomplished !
Netflix stopped working , fuck my life
lights out and in bed at 8: 17 pm
went to bed at 8 and woke up at 2 ... now eating and then back to bed lifeafterfinals lawschoolproblems sleepdeprivation
I love you for this
Sunday funday the night before our last year of law school starts sundayfunday summersover 3L
well the ending of nashville definitely shocked me last night . i did not see that one coming .
wouldn't wanna live anywhere else in the world sunset oceanbeach sandiego springbreak
one week until i get to see play after 14 years of the timing never working out ... it feels like christmas !
So thankful that the night before the barexam is the TheBachelorette season finale ... perfect timing as long as Andi picks Josh :)
love the vanilla bean ! and i'm so glad that it has SPF in it too ! GetCubed VitaVoxBox
My dream is to be on the bachelor with my job listed as "" unemployed "" .... not . the bachelor
Tickets to the Christmas Eve game in Cleveland only cost $ 6 . That's not a typo .
It's a holiday but somehow I have 3 million work emails agencylife
why did bachelor in paradise suddenly turn into the bachelorette staring Raven ? BachelorInParadise raven
Blair Walsh will relive that kick for the rest of his life Seahawks ATLvsSEA
RIP L from death note bot
i have every bleach manga from 1-25 except 3 & amp ; 7 bot
i feel like a troll sometimes - joshua laugh - bot
I wonder if there's such thing as too many tweets bot
I want a cat like nyanko-sensei bot
nowplaying hey jude - the beatles bot
this is fun ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ bot
My milkshakes bring all the boys to the yard bot
burimyu is pure epicmazingness bot
i want bleach to come back ! ! ! ! - cries - bot
OH MY KIRA ! ! ! ! ! bot
Sometimes I talk to myself when I'm bored bot
i hate getting a sunburn D , : bot
NYAN NYAN NYAN NYAN bot
lunchtime what are some anime's you like ? ? bot
i wanna be a singer mostly but if i cant do that , then i wanna be a storm chaser bot
bleach is my utmost favorite anime , but death note is a close second bot
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na bot
ouran high school hosts club is one of my favorite anime's also bot
i have 16 twitters and if youre seeing this it probably cuz im on one of them bot
I hate my sister -_- "" bot
Why do my nostrils whisper to me bot
i will RP any show / game i like bot
guess what ? ? ? this is a bot . say hi ! ! !
Your mother's a station wagon bot
i wish twitter had a larger character limit bot
i found narnia ! ! ! ! ! ! its on my elbow ! ! ! ! ! bot
I'm at Waffle House ( 1030 Highway 34 E , Newnan ) .
If you ask for God to help you , it means you trust His ability . If He doesn't help you yet , it means He trusts yours .
who won the match ? This girl .
That moment when you do something amazing and no one is around to see it .
No matter what comes against you , don't ever forget that God is for you ...
I wish there was someone here to witness how well I'm slaying Jeopardy right now lamepeopleprobs classicrockcategories forthewin soalone
Oscar scored on a toe poke from outside the box ..
McGary is Nick Collison 2.0
Kennedy Meeks on his physique : "" All I'm missing is a six-pack right now . ""
Landon Donovan embodies what this team / sport is about & amp ; wears national team jersey with as much pride as any American
Wait , did Oregon's kicker go to Porter Ridge ?
Panthers next 6 games : Bears , Bengals , Packers , Seahawks , Saints , Eagles
I admit I am a DUMMY but someone from twitter universe explain to me what r the TALENTS of ?
Cavaliers say Kevin Love & amp ; Kyrie Irvings postgame handshake gesture was mustache sharpening h
I failed to keep my mouth shut
man if the Mavs get Rondo , the West is going to be wild
Terrible play draw up by Roy
double cheeseburger , hush puppies , Cajun wrap
Paige has to take that to the hole
Played AAU with 24 for Robert Morris . Small world
no problem . Enjoy it !
that all depends on what time it is , how sober youre not , if you love hush puppies and what else is open .
not sure what that was . My bad haha
Dalton is balling . Raiders are balling . Peyton and Luck ain't shit . A Rex Ryan team scored 40 . The NFL is drunk .
Landon Collins has to catch that INT
Oh Sarah , bless your heart .
if it makes y'all feel any better , I don't really Grayson Allen anymore
This hurts . My god .
No way I could be a State fan . Way too many close losses and choke jobs for my heart to handle .
What game were you watching ?
PAY THAT MAN HIS MONEY !
Keep JJ in your thoughts . Such a great kid .
In 2014 , an all-girls team joined a U14 boys soccer league in Spain . This year , they won the league .
MONTANA ! If you need a ride to vote please call hotline below and someone will pick you up !
This makes me want to punch things , preferably the faces of the "" humans "" who did this .
But sadly no bar car
Hey was up cousin ... my bday coming up soon so if u want to donate to the UnitedIamYourCousinFund id greatly apprecaite it c
Well this is Sure to Get Under Trump's Skin ! ! ! to
it's actually kind of amazing that Rick Perry was governor for 15 years and somehow didn't trade Texas for some magic bea
And MAINE ! Susan Collins sounds like she's leaning NO but a flood of calls from her constituents can lock her in .
Several NFL accounts are too . Shocking !
The look on his face OMG
Man , fuck the lightning bolt this team needs to change its logo to a crutch .
Don't you have some Goop to sell ?
i've never understood confederate leader statues . do jets fans keep up posters of rex ryan ?
I feel like I say this a lot these days , but WTF ?
GoodMorning all ... Have a great day ! morning giggles
Followed by your mom looking at your new skirt and saying "" It's awfully short ... of course , * you're * awfully short "" .
The Rams should have a We'll Read Your Screenplay Day to grok attendance
I would , but you're my senator . I trust I can count on you to try and stop this abomination ?
This from the guy who had his Justice Department prosecute someone for laughing at him
Four paellas firing today at once ! Will feed 6,000 people from the paella alone ! And its delicious ! ! ChefsForPuerto
Most of them didn't play in the 2nd half last night anyways
Rob Ryan looks like Gandalf went undercover to bust a cocaine smuggling ring in Miami in 1986 .
I have , but I think one L is a lot more common . I've known a couple of people whose last name was Lilly .
I don't think you guys appreciate how creepy you had to be to get banned from a mall in the 80s .
We interrupt your feed to bring you this video of a new baby capybara ! Congrats to parents Lily and Jeff !
Good news : my hockey team won another game . Bad news : my asthma flared up in the first period and 3.5 hours later I
What a creep . Chasing a cougar with dogs until they are exhausted then shooting a scared , cornered and tired animal . Mus
Check out this crash course from the CEO & amp ; President of MELT to blow your sponsors away with reach and revenue .
CJ Spiller says he's done for the year on twitter . Can you confirm or deny ? Scoop !
UK football fans time to jump on the Bills bandwagon !
I recently lost 8 followers . About to unfollow them , thanks to this cool IPhone App at
Happy to be home , but not looking forward to going back to work tomorrow . Ugh !
Watch Austin will be one of the greatest WR's ever . Lol
I miss you Pommy .
She said ok , Daddy . Got to start them early right ?
This is where the legend of EJ begins . Game winning drive . Here we go . positiveoutpositveback
Should have called about 5 other pass interferences
Anywhere sounds good to me !
leaves you on purpose so you pack . Haha . But leaving you alone makes you crazy . CrazyWoman
I miss you , too . BeHomeInOneWeek PinkyPromise
Is it Skylar Kennedy or
"" ... but more than likely not in my stock portfolio . ""
Summer , please . ThrowbackThursday
Haha ! Yes ! I'm on my way right now . Are you going ? RascalFlatts
I'm going to miss nights like this .
needs some help with cues on when to save people from creepers .
Happy 1 year anniversary to my spinal fusion and me ! My tweet from this time last year .
yeah I still have not figured it out . Bummer ! ! ! !
GF I got everything ! ! ! Love it and love u ! ! ! !
what kind of business ? A little to much color , but will def wake u up in morning .
hey pretty lady ... The world is a mess of things . Don't b so hard in yourself .. With time it will work out . faith .
Win a Trip To Cabo San Lucas Mexico for Two !
Piata yourself for Cinco de Mayo ! You could win a custom piata & amp ; $ 1000 TostitosPinataParty Sweepstakes
there are so many things i have to do but no motivation to do them .
catch me i'm falling , please hear me calling , catch me i'm falling for good np
i emailed my professor and she gave me some places to look , then she sent out an email saying the paper is due thursday oKAY THANK GOD
nO SERIOUSLY THOUGH IS CONSORT NOT . ASSOCIATED WITH PROSTITUTION AT ALL OR .
i had a "" dat me "" moment in theatre today . he was telling everyone to just tell "" the person at the door "" to let them in cause theatre class .
because i'm doing the thing where i literally cannot even look at it anymore and i hate that thing
where the fuck are the programs : day 2
what if i asked about how many of these kids needed therapy
psh totally didn't put tim drake as my school email icon who would do something like that
"" I'm gonna sleep in so I can work in the theatre all night ! "" [ cant even sleep past 8am ]
did it . now i have to determine whether i'm going to . get rid of flipote . because she shows up once and is a poorly treated serving girl ?
oh hey Scott pilgrim is an example too
HERE SHE IS ALL TINY AND ASLEEP ( also my dad and tiny brother )
in the past five minutes i have gone from "" i could stay up another hour or so "" to "" falling asleep on my knee "" so goodnight friends
is it creepy to email a girl in my class who took some pictures of me to ask for them even though she never gave me her email
the question is : do i want to go back to sewing ? or do i want to just sit around for two hours and then go to sleep ?
help dmitrii replied to my email and he is the cutest
man does anyone remember iScribble
i'm getting more confident with this hair thing , i didn't even hesitate this time
"" He nodded sleepily . With great power . . . comes great need to take a nap . Wake me up later . "" no stop that
REMIND ME TO PRINT OUT MY SECRET REVIEW
"" did you just bite me ? "" "" yeah "" "" rUDE [ wipes hand on heather's sweater ] ""
the other day i was playing minecraft and my brain gave me something like "" don't put that there sally "" as i was mining and i just ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
that article . did you read that this planet is like . only 13 million years old . AND I KNOW I SHOULD NOT BE ANGRY ABOUT THIS BECAUSE FANDOM
two quotes from this morning from my aunt "" your daughters are nerds ! ! ! "" and "" [ i pull out a biohazard necklace ] girly things ! ... oh ""
nooooo i'm a weenie i wouldn't be able to watch it ; _ ;
[yells] WHY ARE DUDES SO GROSS
you're never too old for cartoons and who cares if analog clocks are a bit difficult , they're totally different things !
My new sounds : Episode 4 : Shipwrecked Pt . 4 on SoundCloud
The Ultimate Fighter ! ! !
Not happy about leaving .
If I'm wrong about my faith , I won't lose anything . But what of you're wrong ?
My girlfriend is a weirdo
Today is one of those days that i really miss my mom . Idk why but i feel like ... too much to type in twitter . :(
Stupid nightmares ! Dont even wanna close my eyes
enjoy that ? Perhaps you will see me more . Haha
Been doing a lot of thinking . Now all I have to do is put those thoughts to actions .
Yes today is 4/20 . We all know the popular thing but who remembered that its the 14 year anniversary of Columbine ? :-(
:) thats what im eating
It's one of those nights . Fear and depression . I really need good news this week .
Wow , did not expect to talk to that person again . This will be interesting .
ready for true blood ? !
Dont get pissed at me bc i have an opinion !
bite me ! Lol its the worst of the three
Haha that's what I'm asking lmao
Bad news : Breaking Dawn Part 2 is almost out . Good news : it's the last one ... EVER !
Can the new Les Mis cast be this awesome
Things I never heard at work : I think I found a pube in my keyboard . Lmao Thanks Jess
Happy Mothers day . I miss her so much .
Prayers needed right now please
Watched Odd Thomas last night . It was incredibly good . Pretty impressed with how close they stuck with the book . Hopeful for a sequel
People who know that they are not good make the best messengers of grace because they know how badly they need grace .
This keeps coming back : "" He's the same today , yesterday , and tomorrow "" .
New hair style . Guaged my ears . Productive weekend
read my tweets it will be useless having to be in pittsburgh . yeah screwing the litte guy .
any idea gentlemen about an estimated start to the conference finals ? ? wed or thurs ?
damnit . good year . better luck next year . not gonna watch the handshakes
no id leave that at the end . it sucked but was touching w michonne and rick esp when u say u wanted to save lives
higuessthefood - What's the food brand ? ( 9 letters ) Download it here -
Having fun with CLUMSY NINJA for iPhone ! Join me now for FREE !
I have completed the quest ' Build a Cafeteria . ' in the iPhone game The Tribez . iphonegames , gameinsight
I've collected 465 gold coins ! iphone , iphonegames , gameinsight
I've collected 1,285 gold coins ! iphone , iphonegames , gameinsight
I have completed the quest ' 4 Long-Term Deals i ... ' in the iPhone game The Tribez . iphonegames , gameinsight
I have completed the quest ' Lumber for the vill ... ' in the iPhone game The Tribez . iphonegames , gameinsight
I have completed the quest ' Make your way to th ... ' in the iPhone game The Tribez . iphonegames , gameinsight
thank you . my email for my f & amp ; o acct is different than my twitter acct so ill respond asap .
Check out play store reviews . app crashes all the time & amp ; for mostly all android users . i cant even get pack store wo crashing
Stores broken in app . nothing loading . not even cards .
I kno I'm cute u don't have to tell me .
BUSTED_I see you tweeking now huh ? @Reezydaking12
It's fun to untangle my headphones .
Get up and go forward .. Life is like photography . You need negatives to develop
Women with an ' A ' in their name are more beautiful , live longer , and are more intelligent .
Libra think a lot , but they don't say much .
Libra do want you , but they do not need you .
Another crazy Saturday night :
Washing your car & amp ; amp ; your jam comes on ..
Tiffany too funny CloseToGod Wishes ItsNotYouItsMen
Need to rest , work tomorrow
He said he wants to see some crackheads lol blackinkcrew
Fears are strong but so are you
HOW DO WOMEN NOT SUPPORT ALL WOMEN ( meaning black , white , skinny , fat , trans , young , old , etc ) ? ? ? ! ! ! ! !
In the US Holocaust Museum . I'm shook .
let the good times roll , it's raining men , shimmy shimmy , and charity pot !
Take me back to the death cab concert . I was so happy then
Listening to a 22 year old man flirt like a 12 yr old middle schooler was so hilarious and horrifying like bruh what u doin
Last night after work , I went straight to Sarah's , passed the fuck out on the floor , and didn't even say a word . Typical
Memes are a drug , I'm your dealer .
nudes ? lol sorry but I only send bible verses
Also shameless self promo of my IG bc it's really pretty you should go look at it
How Redbone would sound like if you downloaded it off of limewire .
"" It's like that lonely island song . I had Sam's heart so I THREW IT ON THE GROUND . "" SamStoryTime
What Redbone would sound like while you're in the bathroom of a house party and there was a fight outside .
being college age is weird bc some of ur friends are starting families and some of them are sending venmo requests for
THIS ONE IS MY NEW FAVORITE
girls out here don't believe in aliens but believe Keegan from delta theta gamma has good intentions
i'm out here being a CUNT Caring Understanding Nice Thoughtful
i just wanna fuck f - save u - all c - the k - bees
So I hated the blonde and decided to chop it at 6 am . So much for growing my hair out
Oh my god you're right
my 2 year old - "" mom look that spells my name ! "" me - "" that says chicken nugget "" 2 year old - "" I wish that was my name ""
my entire life can be summarized in "" unavailable for facetime ""
I was addicted to the hokey pokey But I turned myself around
Drunk me looking into a mirror
yeah sex is cool but have you tried washing your dishes right after you use them so they never pile up in the sink ? ? ?
being disappointed after doing your best to promise yourself you wont get your hopes up hurts a bunch lmao nice
I feel like i haven't seen in forever . imissyou
I . need . food .
If I lost / broke my phone I would literally die ...
Good job today in gym lmao .
There's just some people I will never understand .
I have 5 good friends that I can honestly trust with everything . ...
I'm in love with heather's nephew favebebeever
This is honestly getting old
I really want my license now so I don't have to wait on people
I keep feeling like it's not fall break and I have school
Of course I take my hardest final on the last day before break
Damned if you do and you're damned if you don't , so you might as well do what you want .
It's weird how excited I get when places have free wifi
hahaha I was a little paranoid
It's ma birthday ayyyyy Cincy
ya & amp ; a whole lotta mouth cancer too (-:
Happy birthday to this babe !
girlz of fall Brown County Schools
I just now saw this aw
Aw you're the cutest ! ! Thanks love
My dad told stories tonight about how he used to ride his bike to the bar at age 15 . Hands down the coolest person ik lmao
I like a nice iced coffee and being called baby hby
can I just marry Misha Collins ? soadorable perfect
Made mac and cheese in a frying pan ... im good
yup i see that im sorry i cant wait till arod tex and beltran are off the books
i cant wait till girardi is fired and these ridiculous contracts are off the books to get younger better talent yankees
wow i wasnt born yet im sure it was a great night of pure wrestling
RunningManChallenge breaks out at the FIT 76 Clinic with and
aaaahhhh nuts im in york now left the sleep inn and suites this morning with my son
enzo bro we jersey boyz celebrate by going to wawa
no one can ever touch the legendary best announcer ever wwe
our group ceo joey dibenedetto is our sixers 247 leader were over 13,000
the new model jogs it more west
if you've got that GiantsPride !
the calm before possible matthew from my families business sunset beach gift shops
nov 1 was my first day as IO
next generation pro wrestling needs a little sleaze we need wrestling
some of the worst fucking writing in a long ass time
howard criticizes anything that isnt iggles related and hates on the sixers the most
so wants to play with guys that play hard huh seems my sixers have been doing that
Jahlil Okafor has rejoined the Sixers and will suit up tonight against Boston . front office should be ashamed .
The Yankees bats are alive this Spring . Let's hope it carries into the regular season .
The toughest part is knowing that's my last time putting on a Butler Uniform ! Thank you Butler for being such a special place .
WATCH : Wake Forest Rd in Raleigh is underwater WRAL
wasnt that guy in the beatles ?
justus sheffield and chance adams where art thou ? ?
Had a great time at checking out 2 . Thanks for having us !
really needs to start showing reruns of you cant do that on television late at night
well we know my boyz are better my sixers are gonna take the nba by storm ! ! ! ! ! !
Great win tonight .. gotta keep on getting better TheProcess
The Giants tomorrow when Ben McAdoo gets fired
ok bigblue fans who do you want as the giants next coach for me i want jon gruden ! ! ! ! ! !
Moorhead is about to become a lot richer after last night minors
"" Wanna leaf a message ? "" leafcostum
Really sad I didn't get to see my dad over break :( depressedmoos
"" @25Bucklin : When there's not enough cold ice packs in the house rugbyproblems
At a party , there's the white girl wasted , then there's the rugger girl wasted rugbygirlsolutions
"" @8 _Semesters : Weight loss tip : Don't eat so much , you fat piece of shit . ""
Age doesn't define maturity .
I got like 15 phone calls today ... random
r house is bipolar , it smells lik weed , u broke ur nose prob 3x , u sleep weird , n ate a bag o ...
Awkward moment when u cant remember if something happened in real life or a dream both of you ...
good thing we only drink in moderation thatwasajoke sherry
Getting woke up by the smell of bacon > > > > > > >
I'd rather play rugby full time than go to school / work
COLLEGE : just the same as being unemployed but your parents are proud of you .
Wish i could take a picture with out having asian eyes
want somethings off my to do list ? ? I have plenty of them
best snap session of my life haha 90scartoons !
"" Can you get high off deodorant ? "" was just going through my head
The best things happen unexpectedly .
half the room was empty , he had to sit between us ? On seating chart day ?
"" Ruckus lets go get hammered ! "" - @BreannaJooo
Could I lose my student ID more ? I think I've seen it twice this year . I need to print shit ..
I didn't type it I just quoted it
A lady also asked how cold it gets here and said they complain it's too hot in the winter
For every retweet this gets , Pedigree will donate one bowl of dog food to dogs in need ! tweetforbowls
When an entire season is based on Barney and Robins wedding and they get divorced 10 minutes later
Remembering we survived ! nursingschoolsurvivor
My cousin is my Facebook hero right now . I wish you luck against SoIL political experts that can barely write their names
Me : It's ok KO sometimes I yell out random wrestlers names too It's not a random wrestler , it's always Finn Balor True RAW
I like to believe there's an alternate universe out there where the 3rd X Men movie was just really awesome and life was great dreams
When bae gives you a hella compliment
we can like rob a bank or something
Who keeps making these I am unstable
Finn's bliddy gorgeous isn't he ? RAWaftermania
Lolol me in junior high
OH HE SAID THE BITCH WORD GUYS ITS LEGIT raw
Seems like most of them happened after I graduated ...
"" I know you're making fun of me "" No shit raw
Greg ! ! You are my favorite person ever !
I'd rather have a kidney removed
"" You don't wanna fold those you wanna put it in a frame goddamn it ""
It's hurting my heart on like I deep emotional level . I feel it in my soul
I'm not gonna lie , the name of this got me a little teary eyed . I mean , its exacerbated by hormones rn but still . A
From failing , you learn . From success , not so much . Aunt Billy ( Meet the Robinsons )
Yep . That would be my fiances cousin ...
Shoutout to E network for the Independence Day marathon . I feel extremely satisfied . Independanceday
So .... this is a wrestling match we're talking about right ? Like , is Cena fighting in a major military battle and I missed it ? SDLive
Happy 56th Birthday Barack Obama !
I'm behind on Raw . Dean Ambrose is still ridiculously sexy . That's all . RAW
Literally JUST noticed that this bitch made my bridal shower gift to "" Natalie Rene "" thanks a heap
I hate politics and I hate all of you .
Well this is just adorable
I had a great-aunt who escaped a concentration camp after being shot and left for dead in a ditch full of bodies and sur
Come see us tonight ! 720 n fair oaks ave Pasadena ca ! Completely free and were playing with KeepitLit and Rick ...
Phoenix down love at the house of blues Anaheim June 28 ! We play at 10 tickets are 10 dollars and it's all ages ! ...
Oscar Wilde about creativity true . -
So please stop whining , spreading lies and trying to assassinate other people's character , you are so gullible .
Every choice we make literally is a seed that we sow , and every seed that we sow will bring some kind of harvest in our lif
Never give up on something you really want . It's difficult to wait , but worse to regret .
"" @wheatgrass_uk : Healthy tips ! ! I prefer healthy eating over dieting or diet pills . physicallyandmentallyfit
They are so disgustingly cute it makes me sick .
People seem content to condemn Arizona when she does something wrong , but then excuse Callie's shitty behavior .
"" @FamousWomen : Keep you head up . Truth onlythestrongsurvive
I fell in love with your personality , your looks are just a bonus .
it is liar , but that's okay you're free to remain my secret admirer .
Living without water is like you might as well just go live in a cave .
wow the one time am officer finally goes down he gotta be black . I hate America da
Can someone plz repeat that about 10001 times . I didn't say you have to agree just stop being petty and say it .
SXSW present Live From The BBQ & amp ; more
I don't have to prove myself to your angry ass . If you were really so accomplished you wouldn't have to insult strangers for no reason .
Madonna gone get enough of putting her hot breath in my mans face .
Kylie Jenner needs help all of her enablers should burn in hell that's a child sickos .
I eat canned peaches and other fruit this time of year . They're not quite ready on this side of town .
It's so not fair his skin is prettier than mine . EFFORTLESSLYBEAUTIFUL
I propose we sacrifice Bruce gender to the gods
I hate brushing my teeth at night because that signifies that you cant have anymore food and Im just never ready for that
Loving this look ! Covet Fashion is so addictive - you should try it covetfashion
My look scored 4.71 stars in the Noir Detective Challenge in Covet Fashion
Somebody wants me down desperately ... The problem is you're the one with issues and if someone in my life felt like we had a poor connection
Sometimes the best way to asses a situation is to listen as opposed to harping on drama that is clearly being under explained .
This is not a coincidence I used to get jealous of my sibs when they got headaches when I was little becuz I never got them .
Sometimes I have a weird premonition something bad is about to happen , then I realize some idiot is tampering with my internet .
RIP to my brother ! I fuckin love you man !
4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
Giants DE Jason Pierre Paul says he is leaving the country for the 4th of July -
If I'm a kid in the Hamptons , I'm setting up a lemonade stand in front of KD's hideout and slangin ' cups for $ 3 bucks a pop .
It's the preseason and people are acting like dak Prescott is the second coming of Jesus Christ lmao
Shot 4 - Ridiculous for QB's 1st start . Reads blitz , resets protection , attacks man coverage , 1st down . Eagles
Howard's end marks the close of an era in Phillies baseball .
What's your favorite part of playing against the Dallas Cowboys ? AskAnEagle
one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
Here's a replay of that block by Allen Barbre on Clay Matthews :
Yeah , just remember what classless , horrible people us Eagles fans are
He might be the chef though please stop assuming
I know you were up at 4 AM just loving Rafa's gritty performance
this next year could be really ugly for you guys lol
Mark Sanchez has 2 more playoff wins than the "" GREAT "" Tony Romo Don't ME
He did it again ! ! ! HR No . 13 for ALLLLL RIIIIISE .
trust me I dream of it every night
god I hate you guys lol
Yeah him and korkmaz might spend a few more years in Europe .. they might never come over tbh
Jon Jones beats Daniel Cormier at UFC 214 to regain Light Heavyweight title he was stripped of in 2015
. @POTUS sent me to to tell them & amp ; the people of FL "" wherever HurricaneIrma goes , we will be there first to rescue , recover & amp ;
Sheriff Lombardo is a BOSS . "" Isis is taking responsibility for the shooting ""
The end of that first half was nothing short of magic , right FlyEaglesFly
Here's that Lane Johnson Von Miller toss one more time .
Maybe kicker was what was holding this offense back
one person unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
Today feels like the Red Sox birthday party and the Bruins funeral .
Dropping our lowest test score and giving us a take-home test ? My math prof might actually be a saint .
I am wide awake at 6:30 am . Which obviously will only lead to trouble in about two hours when my body realizes that .
So is Apple Music as much of a disappointment as iTunes Radio was ?
I accidentally rolled my shade all the way down and now I can't get it back up
I like this place but going home is gonna be so niceee
I'll take any reason to not eat dining hall food , tbh
. @ChipotleTweets Can you guys please build a location in Worcester desperatelyinneedofaburrito shrewsburyisfar
Wanna do us all a favor and not blast your shitty music during the Bruins game ? Thanks
The worst thing about peer evaluations tomorrow is I have to read this paper out loud and pretend like I want to own up to my own bad work
Ken said they tasted like cardboard but Bradley loved them
One of our Facebook fans wanted to know why young girls were playing football . And not in the kitchen . Here's why .
Had a good day in Durham
So glad I got the 29th - 2nd off so I can actually spend time with my family
When the Bruins game is going to be nationally broadcasted
my name's kylo ren and han solo is actually my dad
. @OmgFlyingTigers before the match : "" Jonas Hector is so cute "" . @OmgFlyingTigers after :
ft . me crying tears of joy
When it's game day but you have to work first
Why doesn't the Patriot Place Dunkies open early , especially on game days
ok i'm gonna take a quick shower and then i'll read it :)
We lived and enjoyed your football . GraciasXabi
You may think I look tough with my bitchface but in reality I tear up at the movie ' Miracle ' every time even though I've seen it 1,000 times
Casually rearranging my whole work schedule so I can go to the PB's playoff games STHlife
I'm only happy for Ron Hainsey
When you have post-concert depression and the show ended not even 10 minutes ago
Was hoping between Slavin and Skinner , dont me
Honestly I get whiplash from how quickly goes from asking what color a pumpkin is to asking what William
those are all make goods . It keeps skipping the first three times .
Boom , got it in the US App Store .
I'm crazy for Bod Sturm ! ! He so sexxxy !
Like membership in a well regulated militia ?
you can always watch it on your sweater
its a shame too . I really want to see the 18 wheeler tump .
amen , likewise , etc .
Percent chance you give TX to go Dem ? 10 %
were just trying to get Leary back !
Lvl 2 red egg hatched Magmar . IV 95 lvl 20
Yeah , but stand and salute no matter what
Samsung why you hate Merica ?
My bet is that his plan is to get people that represent the majority of the populace in power and dim
Oh goody , you must be famous
You know , youre welcome . Its nice to be appreciated . Some people would have been upset at my correc
I'm giving away something for you on Huggies rewards 19 . Get it here -
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Loose Crystals
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Diecast fun wheeling / Gin ask 1st
You could win a Monster High school bus and dolls or points instantwingame via
Got my free chance to win SYW Points . Tons of wins here ! instantwingame
Got my free chance to win Camera . Tons of wins here ! instantwingame
Got my free chance to win Gaming System . Tons of wins here ! instantwingame
Gas jokes always crack me up
Each year over 220k women in the U . S . will be diagnosed w / breast cancer . Do monthly checks w / Plexus Breast Check Kit .
I start my morning with Plexus Slim , XFactor daily Vitamin and Boost for added energy . How do you start your day ?
Earn cash back for grocery shopping when you use Ibotta . Get team bonuses too ! ! WhyNotSaveSomeBucks
TTC's Graduation ( @ North Charleston Coliseum w / 9 others )
Ive been your follower since 300K . Sent you a TY letter with some Razzles in it . Hope you get it soon ! followmeariana PLEASE
It's a followfriday Would you give me an early birthday present ( 7/29 ) & amp ; follow me today please ? Thank You ! followmeariana
Here's one of my favorite stuffed animals . Ive had him all my life Any chance for a follow ? Ty
Here's wishing a great reunion at UNF tonight . I'm confident she'll inspire all the osprey students to be a success !
followmejennette I've been your fan for years ! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE . :-)
Just voted for Here's proof Sara ! Any chance for a thank you follow ? Pretty please ;-)
Don't know if you'll see this but is there a way I can send u a copy of the SI Swimsuit Edition to get signed ? Tyvm
Remember I sent you popcorn valentines day last year ?
Can't wait to meet you in Philly on Friday . (-:
Since I live in SC and can't attend tonight will fully signed calendars be available for purchase / shipping ? Thanks
Looking forward to having you back in Clemson this weekend ! Will you be there set up on Thursday ?
The SEC looks like it's going to dominate again .
for chance to win this shirt . Winner will be randomly selected Thurs morning !
The Manhole of Love RejectedThemeParkRides
Who will be a better RB to pick up now for the long term for a b / u . Isaiah Crowell ( CLE ) or Jacquizz Rodgers ( ATL ) ? FFNow
The Swinneys are having fun in Orlando ! Can't wait to see the rest of the ClemsonFamily here for
We only like T states CountryMusicIn 5Words
to wish our PA man extraordinaire Ken Carrington a Happy Birthday ! BornOnThe 4thOfJuly
Autobiography of an honest politician EbaySearchHistory
Hold me Tighty Whities UnderwearSongs pointsme
I will sometimes love you RuinALoveSong
HE'S DONE IT . 27 marathons in 27 days by the astonishing Eddie Izzard . The MarathonMan
1983 , same yr I was born
I have really large hands 5WordSeduction
If you build it , Taylor Swift will come AddAWomanImproveAQuote
Is the new museumcollection set available at Target or Walmart or just hobby shops ?
Reading , writing , and meditating sound like great ways to spend a day ! Have fun ! :)
Ooh , love it . So moody and ethereal at the same time ! :)
LOL , I know what you mean . Even though I'm a plotter , outlines have a habit of tripping me up , too ...
LOL , I always have fun with comedic scenes , too . How exciting that you're on the second-to-last chapter already !
Such a pretty horse ! And whoa , you're busy . Congrats on your photography skills being so in demand !
My Muse : Draw Spencer and Jay in fancy outfits . Me : Why ? My Muse : WHY NOT . Me : Excellent point .
Hard to believe it's gift-wrapping season already . ( I have a stack to get to , too . LOL . ) Hope Gramma's visit goes well ! :)
Life with Kevin 3 is coming ! Love , peace and inclusion ! That's the way ! h
Almost done working on a new EchoEffect wallpaper . Hoping to have it up on Patreon and Gumroad before Thanksgiving !
Almost done working on some holiday art for EchoEffect . Plan to post it on Patreon this week ! Webcomics
Spencer decides to get a bite to eat in my latest piece of art . This will never be posted outside of Patreon !
Oh , fun ! Love the pun at the end ... ^_^
Oh , exciting ! Will keep my fingers crossed for you !
Thanks so much for linking to my latest blog post !
Aw , sorry about the rejections . Those never fail to sting . :/ Those baby goats are so precious , though !
LOL . That's a lot of talking , for sure . Good luck pushing through before you can reach the more actiony chapters !
Ooo h , so pretty . Lucky you ! ^_^
New blog post , where I celebrate my birthday by doing some shameless self-promotion ! XD
Thanks so much for the RTs , everyone !
Sabrina commission from megacon Orlando 2017 !
Oh , awesome ! Absolutely love the cover art for Second Nature . It's gorgeous !
Ooh , this is great . Love the colors !
Thank you . Can't say much about this yet , but I've already been working on a solution this week , so
New WIP , featuring my adorkable vampire Spencer ! Everyone supporting me on Patreon can see it ! amdrawing
I tend to give ' em as gifts , so I haven't had to worry about that yet , LOL . Would put on a desk or hang
Made a new wallpaper ! Have you downloaded yours yet ? Gumroad Link : Patreon Link :
Thank you . Finally started feeling better a few hours ago ...
Thanks so much for linking to my latest blog post !
Aw , happy birthday ! Hope it's fun ! ~ \ o / ~
Thank you both for linking to my EchoEffect wallpapers !
I'm upset with this change of Patreon's , too . Am already considering leaving due to how unfair i
mmmm big mac awsomeness BigMac
playing rage FPS in an apocalyptic wasteland with atv's and guns doesnt get better than that
Brutal legend machine gun madness oh yeahhhhhh ! ! ! !
Personalize your Dodge before it hits the pavement with accessories .
Getting ready for an epic run on COD MWF 2 this should be fun
Why is it always raining the ground is slowly becoming a swamp
A little advanced warfare then gonna hit up some halo
Been on a bit of a break but back to real life and gaming
I don't know this man ....... but I like him
P A R A N O I D
The new trailer for Star Wars : TheLastJedi look amazing , 66 days to go !
NEW RFR ! TLJ Media Tour highlights & amp ; predictions . Plus , TLJ cover story and more ! StarWars
I know sucks right ! ! !
I recorded an episode of Star Trek on Saterday but have not watch it yet . me love Star Trek and Spock ! ! ! !
WOOOOO that last update was my 800th ! ! ! !
I think the only good song he has is Yeah . Not much of a fan . But , I love Eminem !
AAAAAHHHHHH Wisdom teeth coming in ! it hurts !
Zactweets Umm if i got the name wrong sorry . I liked ZacsFab ! Whats going down ?
WTF is rockstare ? What does it really mean ?
Whats crack-a-lackin my friend ! ?
I got a free nal polish from the beauty store
I seriusly have to pee !
Im watching a recorde Star Trek !
Im really hungry ! !
well all Im going to take my shower and put my makeup on ! I shall return , until then pip pip for now !
Hey sorry I am replying so late I fell asleep this morning ! didn't do much today .
Hello all ! Hows ur night going so far ? Mines not bad .
Voldemort : "" Hello little child ! "" RAPIST ! ! ! AAAAHHHHHH lmao !
What the rest Ya'll up to hmm ?
Goood morning my emo friend how r u ! ?
Well tweeps I must ! I got a show comin on I NEED to watch ! ! ! chat ya later Pip Pip ! !
this is the 6th day in a row ill b in the bak seat of the car with matt and sarah ! I dont like it !
Good Morning world and all who inhabit it ! How are we all today ? Good I hope !
Chuck Norris grinds his coffee with his teeth and boils the water with his rage ! !
Que le vaya bien mis amigos ! On a bit of a side note I think its time for breakfast !
Not perfect but I think I did good whit what I had and could get ! Woo Woo Woo You Know It Bro !
Buenas tardes a todos ! Que tengas un buen dia mis amigos !
Buenos dias mis amigos !
Im so excited for Valentines Day all the chocolate is gonna be on sale YAY
ALL ABOUT THOSE COMEBACKS ! ! ! ! ! ! BRINGING IT BACK MARLINS ! ! ! ! FightinFish
Serebii Note : The Volcanion event has begun today in North America , Australia & amp ; parts of Europe htt
Found a Transponder Snail ! Get an inside look at a shadowy criminal empire ! TreCru
Found a Transponder Snail ! Davyback Fight ! ! Straw Hats vs . Foxy Pirates ! TreCru
Wu to the rescue . Grimm
Found a Transponder Snail ! For honor ! Giants clash in ancient jungle ! TreCru
Found a Transponder Snail ! Execution ! Is this the Straw Hats ' final moment ? ! TreCru
. @TempoEloise shirts are in store now ! PogChamp ! 10 % off with code TEMPO !
How people act when you put them in your snapchat story
Celebrate by collecting over 100 new Anniversary items before June 12 .
Dubs up 127-106 . 3:09 left to play . DubNation x NBAFinals
Serebii Update : Our coverage of Magikarp Jump Version 1.1 is complete . Details
PokemonGO - Raid Battles and New Gym Features are Coming !
Found a Transponder Snail ! Oars comes back as a henchman of Moria ? ! TreCru
Found a Transponder Snail ! Get an inside look at the flashiest crew around ! TreCru
Fan Editions ? They really are running out of ideas ...
Found a Transponder Snail ! Giants , sea monsters and other amazing encounters ! TreCru
IT ALL COMES TOGETHER ? !
8 HR in his last 9 games 20 in his last 32 41 on the season , tops in MLB and ONE shy of our club record ! StantonSma
WOWOWOW . STANTONSMASH ! For the SIXTH GAME IN A ROW ! LetsGoFish
But what about the ones who have seen Riverdale 10 times ?
First official screenshot from the special anime episode featuring Misty and Brock ! anipoke
OH MY GOD THIS IS TOO PRECIOUS YOU JUST MADE OUR DAY
A love story turned upside down . StrangerRewatch
It's Friday the 13th in the spookiest month of the year . All I can say is ... stay safe
Please dont disappoint MamaCoop East Coast livetweet with us now ! ! Were havin a pizza party in your honor
Hey , I was able to do that crazy long jump SuperMarioOdyssey NintendoSwitch
typical nick st . clair ordering a lame ass cobb salad riverdale
"" As soon as Gen 3 comes out "" By XxZoroSparKxX on Reddit PokemonGo TeamDragonite TeamSalamence BagonBuddyBandwago
X esos buenos momentos .. vale la pena arriesgarc .. \ /
extrao esos dias ( _ ) .. ! !
a veces se extraa , lo q ya no hace falta ( _ )
Loving my 4 legged friend Shadow . He is so cute . foreverpuppy giggybff dog cute doglover
I'm bummed since I'm from the US I can't download the app
Because we're tired of illegals as well hanging out at Home Depots and taking our jobs
You should tell that to came up with it "" @kcart26 : you might have the best twitter name ever
ahhhh your room as in my room too ? ? ?
Flyers need to get their shit together notokay
but I mean i can deal with adam Levine singing about all my issues
Why can't I fall asleeeeppp . I need to be up in four and a half hours fuckk dying
My little bumblebee zuzu happyhalloween
Decided to watch catfish for the first time to see what all the hype is about
The fact that I just saw a woman run across a busy street while holding a baby makes me seriously lose faith in humanity
literally grumpy cat in full force today hideyokids
such a rough life you've got there middlefingeremoji
Ridiculously long day of classes and now my apartment gate won't open to let me go home whyyyy
When the old people in the swifter commercial dance with each other my heart melts
WHY AM I NOT THERE
happy to meet more anthropology BAs working with Primerica in SF Bay Area at Local Hires ' Career Fair today !
Thank you for sharing the Diagnosis page case history about Whipple's Disease .
I'll take an hour of your dignity ..
younotfromphilly if you think Pat's and / or Geno's have the best cheesesteaks ... cause they don't !
On my way to the interview . Pray to your various religious figures I do well .
If I heard it , its probably true ... or something .
You gonna eat that ?
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from + + + + + +
I'm just sick of everything . I'm having a horrible weekend . And its shaping up to be a terrible week .
Such a good movie ! Freaked me out . The book is awesome !
Is he the reason you switched teams ? ? Hahahaha
I'm giving away : Pampered Chef Apple Peeler / corer / slicer . Check it out -
Crying kids at Christmas party make me glad mine is like a grown up . No time for this crying business . illgiveyousomethingtocryabout
Hahahaha . Seriously ? !
you gonna eat that ?
I had her cut almost nine inches off . It was at my butt now it's to the middle of my back . Right where my bra goes across
Another wonderful weekend courtesy of :)
We just finished . Still have to ride the bus back . shoppingwithdumbass
That smell don't wash off ! !
I woke up freaking out cause I thought it was Monday . Who's an asshole ? ThisGuysAnAsshole
How many WW points do you think brains might be ?
Philly Pride had so many boys in speedos . Road trip next year !
$ 2.99 ! ! Plus tax !
I think there's another movie out covering addiction that does it better . I probably won't see either of them . readyforthehobbit
Please look at my friend ! She's a super fan like no other ! ! She crocheted herself an Ellen hat !
Seriously , guise ... Who dresses Stevie ? grammys
I want to invite me to 1045ThirdEyeBlindTailgate ? ,
"" Sorry I didn't call sooner , I was leaving parking salutations on windshields . "" ThingsGISHWHESMadeMeSay
I find that a king sized sheet thrown over a dining room table does the trick . Whatever you have time to construct .
Congratulations to you both ! You should be proud of each other .
Yeah I won't be in the area then , but thanks for the info .
Who was the opener for Jim Norton on May 18th ? She was hilarious and hot ! What a rare combination !
I agree with Scott . No divisions ! MakeFantasyGreatAgain !
does it sound like this , BANGBANGBANGBANGBANG ?
Cocaine is a hell of a drug .
I'm at Springdale Cinema 18 : De Lux for The Hunger Games ( Cincinnati , OH ) w / 6 others
When it is all said and done Joey Votto will be the best Reds hitter of all-time . There ... I said it . Reds
They can't fire him , he quit back in March when he realized he didn't have a team . Astros
5 hours , 22 minutes and 14 innings later , this is how the pulled out the walk-off win over the
It's official ! SuperHD wins the fat loss supplement of the year award ! Thank you so much for your suppor ...
if you sacked Kevin Kolb tonight .
Things that make me nervous
"" It was super awkward asking my liberal , lesbian boss if I could leave work early for a Romney political rally . ""
A study suggests alcoholic students perform better in exams if they stay drunk while taking the test .
Bengals would be a great team if they didn't fall apart on the second half embarrassing
Studying shhhhhhhhh ( @ MidPointe Library West Chester )
When you're done cleaning your room :
I'm at Miami University Hamilton ( Hamilton , OH )
Great series win over the Nationals ! Reds
If you were not already psyched for the next season you should be now ! JamesHarrison
Reds game reds hatecardinals redssocial saturday gabp
Thanks for convincing me to SIT GBvsCIN
gonna be a good one !
Check this video out - - MC Solaar - Gangster Moderne via kickin it old school .. en francais
Dotted Circles Frames Digital Clip Art Graphics for Personal or Commercial Use No . 8 - ..
Dotted Circles Frames Digital Clip Art Graphics for Personal or Commercial Use No . 8 - Tif ...
I miss kittehh already . :'(
That's called being a writer :P
Take your fear , your anger , your sorrow ... and turn it into strength . You've got to decide that you can be a warrior , too .
So this is the basic idea of what I want my book cover to look like . My main character has a bit darker skin than I
Okay internet , I've had my fill of you for the moment . Editing , ahoy ! !
Ohhh , Starbucks . Lol .
None of it is easy , but I really don't know how to write anything concisely anymore .
Wouldn't want that ! :P
I've never been perfect , but neither have you .
Oh boy . I've already thought of multiple spin-offs from THE CYCLES OF THE MOON series . writerslife WriterProblems HALP
Just finished watching 13ReasonsWhy . Made me think a lot about high school and how horrible people were to my friends and I .
I can't even watch that episode anymore . It hurts too much ! !
Ooo ooh , okay . Didn't realize that's what the episode was called . That would be pretty funny ! But the prev
Hey all ! I went in to get three prescriptions today , and found out I could ...
How does anyone think that's a good idea ? !
My new sounds : Pseudonumb - Runaway ( AURORA Cover ) on SoundCloud
Good luck to you , as well ! ! :D
I love how when I search for my name on Bing , my Amazon author page pops up . But when I Google it , nothing .
UGH . Wtf is wrong with people ? !
Fake doctor . Real news . iZombie
So now I'm gonna go back and start the whole thing over again . Lol . Warcraft gamerproblems lightningstorm
Albert Einstein had several of the same exact outfits in his closet . He had too much on his mind to think about picking out an outfit .
Bill isn't overtly gay at all . But you'd know that if you watched this season .
I am sick to death of seeing people say that transgender people are mentally ill . Check your Science , please .
Love this shirt ... BUT NOW THERE ARE SPARKLES ALL OVER ME .
I think the pic I used is actually quite fitting for the frame . GameOfThrones
I couldn't help it .
Ugh . I knows how that feels . Doesn't matter who implies it , it hurts every time . And then the hurt turns into anger
Oddly enough , I didn't think the laugh track was out of place until I woke up .
CIARA SORRY 8/ 20 OWA OWAmovement Sorry 820
Chop my moneyyyy :D ( music )
Third hour English students Te grounded ... Ha rebels
miss you moreeee ! ! You should come over sometime ! ! Jee you look a little different ! ! :)
that the only reason you like him ? Lol
USHER ! ! ! ! ! !
Gimmie Got Shot - Cameron J . ( Original ) Free Mp3 DWNLD !
was it fun Jenna ? Was it ? ;)
Lol right ? ? ? :D
Minnesota Girls High School Hockey : Eagan ( 2 ) at Hill-Murray ( 6 ) - FINAL
lmao I'm not good with choices ! If it was happening though don't you think you think she'd tell the squad ?
Feel like ol ' songs today ... * i let it rain and clear it up * * two step * * sexy can I *
Fact that this song is actually out kills me ! Ray J - I Hit It first
totes judging right now ! Tori it's not even September yet lmao
Haha watching titanic someone wanna hand me a tissue ? softspot
Two more days left :( nylf
I love losing my voice ! !
And Olivia's mom isn't dead ? ? Wtf ! ! scandal
Fact that we wishing a "" happy birthday "" months after her birthday
And just like that , the Classof 2014 is done ! Congrats on so many accomplishments , and best of luck in your bright futures
Ghana can beat Germany .
: "" "" "" "" "" "" ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" D
Hearing "" I believe "" chants make me miss Pioneer hockey games ! ! ! neversawthiscoming
and can be ghost writers for drake . Y'all don't know so .... Stop spazzing people
Save dominion for Christmas ! It's the best show I've seen on tv in years !
I actually really like this color : o
Can you put this video on your FB page ? I'd love to share the Christmas joy ! ! :)
Pictures Of The First Same Sex Couples To Get Married In Michigan
Look what we have ! the link in any DA tweet to win one of these . Winners announced Friday . h
Where's Daryl when you need him ? ? TWDMidSeasonFinale
I'm almost beginning to kinda like Gabriel - almost ...
I love Hailey and Andy together ! They're so cute !
So disappointed that you didn't make it into the finals ! You were one of my favs ! ! Good luck with whatever you pursue next ! ! !
HOLY . HELL - that was a great episode - but I can't believe I have to wait another month to see what the hell is going on ! !
hoping is planning to surprise at 10 AM tomorrow for CollegeDecisionDay ! this grad is ready t
Playing Heads Up ..... By myself howisitpossible
Banana Blueberry pancakes is life
Senior Wildcats 2012 . Miss this so much .
anyone else ever felt like this ?
I love how no one loves me
Giving my dad chipotle orders is the bomb
WHO DID THIS ! ?
Ugh just the thought bout having school tomorrow
You know you have a true friend when u fake that ur moving and they want u to stay no matter what
This is why we can't have a Tri-District
FrappuccinoHappyHour is back ! Half off any from 3-5 pmincluding the new CaramelWaffleCone ( thru 5/15 )
Last round of finals tomorrow ; relying on cheat sheets
3 times in a row ! ! ! MB
"" If it isn't love why do I feel this way ? why does he stay on my mind ? ""
Rest up cheerleaders ! We need to give those Blue Devils a BtownBeatdown
so grateful for all my wonderful friends
Front row watching Chance & amp ; Kanye perform Ultralight Beam . Legendary
Haters try to knock me down but I'll rise up blackgirlmagic
LOOK AT CARMEN & amp ; JUNI FROM SPYKIDS
Omggggg I love my best friend
"" I once got so drunk I lost my wallet . Turns out .... I mailed it to myself . "" - Ball State University
I'll try anything ! I'm sure you can get ahold of some horse strength tranquilizer . That'll definitely do the trick !
SoaringChiYoga great morning class ! ! !
Empathic Illnesses : Do You Absorb Other Peoples Symptoms ? 9 Strategies to Protect Yourself from Empathic Illnesses
Our intelligence needs to be guided by warm-heartedness .
Are you particularly sensitive to peoples emotions and energy ? read I am an Empath and No I Dont Need Tougher Skin
WolfeBlog : Secret Messages And Secure Communications Update : Communications SecureCommunications p
Facebook Can Now Track Online Searches Out of App by - via privacy via
Soap Making Equipment & amp ; Supplies
When ego-related concerns threaten to disrupt your practice , garuda-energy will protect it
Snack time ! Heres a list of healthy options , organized by carb count : diabetes
Some people need to see proof to Believe but in reality you need to Believe to see the proof .
Chaturanga Challenge : shows you how to use your inner thighs to engage your core . YJLunchBreakYoga
- It's wrong ! ! Men have never play this level of play on plastic . Add heat .... life threatening . FIFA disgraced ....... again .
What is with the black & amp ; gold ? Only team not wearing colors of the country .
Yay for women's soccer ! ! ! ! !
Why is it Senators and Representatives never respond on Twitter ? Hurry to self promote , never admit to getting caught . LIFEINSIDETHEBELTWAY
- Final Score ? ? ? ? ?
- Not the same since Sir Alex retired . Drive for success seems gone
THIS WEEK at KC's BIGGEST SCREEN : The Peanuts Movie ! Tickets from $ 5 ( 12:30 pm show ) > >
Pres of T & amp ; T looks familiar . Your T & amp ; T GK coach / liasion during WC qualifying in KC ? Guy who wanted gloves ?
The doctor who discovered CTE doesnt think kids should play football :
No mention of sub concussion hits , just as damaging
An oldie but goody . It's one of our mottos here at 5miles .
- Stupid . Spreading the science .
- Great pics from Wichita , awesome commentary . One thing kept us away . 2 matches with a U - 9 girls team . Need to stop but ... can't
The top 25 hedge managers last year made more than all of the nation's kindergarten teachers combined . TimeToRethinkOurPrioriti
Epilepsy patient w / uncontrolled seizures now seizure-free after treatments for sleep apnea
- there is no administration just a bunch of "" I Don't understand "" people .
- desperate need for that profession .
What are u waiting for ? Decide to be great today ! Embrace the grind and do the damn thing ! KFIT hustleforthatmuscle
- Paying to read the NYT does not insure a true assessment of the news of the day .
New "" Goalkeeper Recovery Drill "" repost from -
- No idea your status . New Women's Soccer program . If intrested ,
- people not happy ? ? Planes fly away from US as well .
- The word "" drills "" says volumes . Beliefs , style , creativity are secrets to success in coaching . dontstray
No longer a republic . Oligarchy , money says , does all
Watford First Team Goalkeepers training reactions with tennis balls
No cover . He just did what was right . Dems-----always looking for trash . Pathetic
Why is ESPN dangling in the political arena . Should fix it's Sports Network first . Horrible . Last network I
After hearing your monologues I believe I would prefer you make NO effort to interfere in government . Invite Gen . George Patton
GOP senator : I'm a no on Republican tax plan
- Haha . How many in KC would know what RWNJ is ? I do . A great hospital with typical administrative quirks needing to be overcome .
Rumor has it you have a PHD in sucking dick
I bet Shaq has a tiny dick .
Miami is putting another shooting clinic on for their fans and onfire
again is what I meant
Tell your boys to not be on the highway tomorrow when I head home
Don't cry because it's over .. Smile because it happened .. Thanks for the best 4 years of my life .. I am and will always be a
Hill is a man on a mission GoPokes
Great job 1uping Bloom / Brook ! Remain strong - you're an inspiration to the rest . Solidarity from KC ! OWS OccupyTogether
I'd love to , but my voice / throat is still messed up from DC . If there's a future one let me know . :)
seriously is disrupting the separate , long planned Offrenda with a megaphone . REALLY ? Stop dividing us ! FergusonOctober
The entire system is broken , it doesn't matter republican / democrat - the whole damn system is , y'know , BROKEN AS HELL .
Daily affirmation for occupy .
this sounds a lot like the hate spewing from the Twitter trolls under the Ferguson tag .
Must See : MikeBrown Rally and march to CNN in Atlanta . ItsBiggerThanYou ( Photo by Ferguson
"" Hail , sleet , rain or snow ... Hell no we won't go "" Ferguson marching
When a gun was pulled on protesters at Grand and Arsenal , ppl laughed . After cops w / AR - 15s random pistols are fucking squirt guns .
Says "" Will return in a moment "" - lawlz . But I think I found it :
No surprise that isnt here last week he cancels the convo then claims we dont show up to a cancelle
A Funny Montage : via I love
That's my minimum age on my dating profiles . I'm 22 . ( Not meaning to hit on you ) I like my wine sweet but aged .
look up Felicia's voice ... It's the most cringey thing on the planet , unless they changed it .
Bubbles forever and always .
darn 00 teens thinking it's ok to be kissing each other ! I was 20 for my first !
It's not my favorite but I loved them . First off more accessible battle items . Map design . Probably
I never played it . And though Danny DeVito voicing Pikachu would be humorous , it seems out of place ...
We the People and Congressional Award YAY ... not
you are .... my fiiiire .... my one ... desiiiiire .. belieeeeve .. when i say ... i want it that way =)
Check out completely killing it in bracelets : Would you wear ' em ?
Photo : watched this episode last Friday :D
Adam Lambert is blonde now ... it suits him more than it does Miley :P
Fuck . My . Life .
When comes into your room and asks to vacuum your floor because she has been waiting all afternoon to do ...
listening to "" Your Sex is On Fire "" string cover yolo
"" Maybe they're not Santa ... maybe they're north Pole elders . ""
Made my own lemonade since I didn't want to pay for a drink brokecollegekidprobs
I played this song in orchestra throwback
whaaaaattttt ? ! Nooooooooo ! ! ! !
This silent movie us killing me bored tired
Bought clothes at the thrift shop Macklemoreswag
"" @JMUArts : "" You all look good in purple , "" says new sworn-in President , Jonathan Alger ! purpleout "" thanks Iknow
"" JMU is hands down the best college i've ever played at and the wildest in the country "" Macklemore JMiloveU
Dinner is going to be awkward ...
it's barely June and I'm already on my eighth television season of the summer addictedtoNetflix
"" you can't be wearing a Spongebob hat and a Spongebob shirt and just kick down a door "" BenQuotes
TheWolverine slashes into theatres this week and you can go for free ! & amp ; follow for a chance to win a pair of tickets !
just reserved my ticket for the first JMU football home game ! goDukes
reason you should have me as a friend 696 : I can photoshop your boyfriend's face on a cat for his bday . you're welcome
is it bad that I didn't know she was the girl from Victorious ?
I'm excited for when I can actually have a vacation from school work . I mean it only took till mid July :P
if campus opens at 10 that means class starts at 10 ?
Why is there an elevator in this Michael's ? ! I'm not fancy enough to handle this .
Mr . Tibbs says it's time to walk .
Made it through , but barely ! Off to pick up a few things at the store , then I'm curling up to try and mend .
Experts say we'll be working in the ' cloud ' by 2020 , but will it be reliable ? - cnn
MediaShift Idea Lab . R . I . P . Flip Cam : The Smartphone Did It ( Not Cisco ) | PBS
Sexual orientation added to anti-discrimination list |
I joined my neighborhood's Halloween Treat Map on See who's giving out candy and hosting haunted houses :
What are humans becoming ? Animals have more compassion . That video made me extremely pissed / sad ....
RETWEET if you want followers ! TeamFollowBack
Hello Kitty Kawaii Town Limited time only My Melody Event on going hellokittykawaiitown
thank you so much for the listening party .
Just ran by this quote today and damn it is it spot-on ... Oprah you are so right woman !
ATTENTION FANS ! ANNOUNCEMENT regarding an opportunity to investigate with us coming in minutes !
.... NEW episodes of GhostAdventures return July 16th with "" Nevada State Prison ""
It's a child's hand . In any case , that is frightening .
Roads & amp ; Transportation Committee passes INTransit HB 1011 vote of 11-1 .
Loving HarlemShake so stupid it's awesome ! ! !
will never break from tradition . I'm ok with that . COLTSTRONG
affirmative ? the good news is no one in the office seems minds the fact that's all I'm wearing
North Korea just needed this
The Indianapolis Colts are officially on the clock with the No . 24 overall pick in the 2013 NFL Draft .
Scoping the game while I enjoy my chicken cordon BlueCollar and some GoldSwagger Corn ... Taters too btw
Absolute Greatest spectacle in ALL sports Indy 500orBust The Greatest Spectacle In Racing Indy 500 NapTown America
"" This is what we play for . The whole season comes down to the one game . "" - tells on Pacers radio .
is a damn fine young man ... And personality to boot !
Chelsea & amp ; Inter Milan faced off in Indianapolis on Thursday Great momentum in city for
Good teams win close games , regardless of the opponent . 1-0
Coach Pagano . Life long Horseshoe fan , girlfriends Bday weekend . Flew in from SWFL . Recently converted and now die hard as I am .
Haha ! I Love it ! Auburn says not today tide ... Roll on home and let that L sink in ...
Cory needed to eat ... Little sack lunch but he still hungry ! Beast
Paul George with the dunk of the year
Love that have 7 of top 10 trending . Haha ! CERS ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Need dominance start to finish . Strength & amp ; Honor
Exclusive look at the new Shamrock Series uniswag
Andrew Luck and his complimentary trash talking ... ColtsNation
It's official I'm a Colt
How to afford a Bentley ...
She's averaging 35 pts , 11 reb over Roncalli's first three games . So yeah , she's Player of the Week :
The Borg-Warner Trophy is making a visit to Wrigley Field and the tonight ! Indy 500 INDYCAR
Indiana Issues Podcast with William Thor Wood & amp ; Stephanie Corliss . Creators of Snap Shyft .
. @SnapShyft is making moves
How about that . AppleEvent
Nope . Not in the least . Same BG company that is used by the 1 ride sharing company .
whyIwrite I really have no idea ! I should probably stop .
IsHeAwake ? No , he is dead . TVsucks
I'm pretty sure that is how half the people using this site ended up following the other half .
Whats the best way to get blood blisters off your pecker ? askingforafriend
does anyone play Minecraft ? I guess it's an unreleased N64 game that someone found and modded that you dig holes and build castles in .
thinkin about Superman teaming up with Master Chief in order to stop Bowser . They can only stop him by fucking Koopa Troopas fanfic
i bet that sky diver wouldn't have died if he had a gun tcot
no seriously , you have guyfawkes nerds , NaNoWriMo nerds and NoShaveNovember nerds . november is nerdvember and i hate it NERDS
I could not have said it better myself , I agree 100 %
I kinda feel sorry for anyone who buys either of these
she was just with me so ya know
At least I got good news today one of my Tuesday classes is cancelled yay I guess
Yep definitely not taking classes on Fridays next semester nope
Getting my cardio on and i swear i see doin zumba lol and she was getting down Haha
Being polite is dead ...
when are you going ? !
Cuddling with you would be so perfect right now .
Still can't believe Toby chewed up my zildjian bracelet - ___ -
Pretty sure my cover pic has been the same thing for over a year now lol
If I snap you and you don't snap back you are a bish
Good luck to at minookas indoor auditions this week ! Love you girl you got this !
I need a hug right now or like 17
I just really want tomorrow to be over with
The frosted cookies from Minooka used to be SMACKING
STARTING TOMORROW I LIVE IN CHICAGO
im only a junior but I just wanna be done already
front desk of my dads work he asked if I need an id to go upstairs & amp ; the lady says no since shes not old enough to have one yet LMAO IM 21
hi welcome to chilis would you like us to seat you next to the crying baby or the middle school couple rawring at each other
someone please come and get Jaden Smith LMFAO . I'm crying .
nothing dampens a good mood quite like trying to put a fitted sheet onto a bed
when you're at Starved Rock and can't find the damn waterfall
he really solved the equation I cant
BUT THE REAL PROBLEM IS THAT SKOOTERS IS ON FIRE ! ! ! ! WHERE AM I GOING TO DANCE
Please follow and share link on Artificial Urinary Sphincters
Yay ! I just got followed by 8 tweeps and thanks to I know exactly who they are androidapp
Hey , wanna Earn some Money today ?
I Earn $ $ Daily Both These Sites Proven To Work Well For Me SignUp Free
$ $ GiT'N-My-Money $ $
Come and review the latest music and fashion trends on and get paid while youre at it !
Hi Friends , I received 812 new fo11owers . this site is perfect PinstripeBowl
Join FreeEats Earn $ 1 $ 1 $ 1 $ 1 Instantly to Refer Ur friends to ur Free link
Get 188 via please via
don't double jump on your take off its taking away energy from your push off . K ( @YouTube
If I never see Meghan Sannett do a tilt again in my life it'll be too soon
Happy Birthday hope it's a great one ! ! !
Back to school in five days and I haven't started to pack . Instead I've been sitting around blogging and crying over fictional characters
I'm just so freaking unmotivated right now
Concerts , shirts , stickers , CDs and more - - there is Never Enough One Direction in my life . ABCFamily 1DSweepstakes
Thank you Grammy commercials . Now I want Taco Bell . Too bad the closest one is 30 minutes away and the roads are covered in ice
send me your address , I need to send you a rock I found in my driveway .
Part of me wants to drop everything and move cross country and see the world . The rest of me wants afford student loan payments .
Melania Trump just said her husband is easily influenced and easily goaded into doing things . You know , qualities you wan
The US is about to elect a VP who signed a bill to jail LGBTQ couples just for applying for a marriage license .
Everyone make sure to buy JustHoldOn on iTunes , stream it on Spotify , tell strangers about it on the streets - - Get it to 1
If only everyone was this honest and straight forward
I stand with the resist
The job of the Attorney General is loyalty to the law , not the President .
republicans are the true snowflakes ( they're all white , they're cold , and if you put enough of em together they'll shut do
Holy shit , The Weather Channel is NOT fucking around !
A MuslimBan wouldn't have saved HeatherHeyer She was killed by an American , born & amp ; raised , Nazi in Charlottesville .
If I could just sleep for like a week that would be great
I think if ur married and goin thru a divorce u should wait until it goes thru to get preg by sum 1 else imjustsayin
two snaps and a LOVE IT LOL
we are product of our environment for better or worse
On a coffee high . Cleaning like crazy . Haha . I sound like an idiot .
Eating some cranberry sauce , it is officially my new favorite late night snack . Num Yummy ! !
Off tomorrow and Wednesday . No plans of course . Gonna be bored out of my mind .
At work . It's freezing here . I can't wait till 5 when I get to go home .
Men's Volleyball . Come on guys ! ! ! GetGlueHD
Never seen this , so thought i would GetGlueHD ANightAtTheRoxbury
Just got it for my birthday :) GetGlue Marvel
finally watching what i missed in Season 3 GetGlue glee
Are you kidding me ? GetGlue thexfactor
Banana Cream Dream Pie 1 to go :)
Watching with Chulie :) GetGlue PitchPerfect
I'm watching The Wendy Williams Show ( 25 others checked-in ) GetGlue
Disc 1 of I lost count how many I have to rip into my computer again .
ILostInterestWhen I never lose interest in the Walking Dead .
Words cannot describe Keek .
Follow and retweet for your chance to win TheWalkingDead S3 on DVD ! TWDvd
Keeping myself awake Elvis mug fanciful housework
My bed right now . Not much room left for me .
your show at the Tower Theater in Philadelphia is on sale now . | - / tickets :
High resolution photos from Commencement 2014 are now available for FREE on our account :
yes he is . Such a brat .
Well that wasn't predictable or anything BachelorInParadise NickandJen
My grandma said if she was rich n ever went broke she say she gon hit a lick GRANDMAWILD
CHEERS to the freakin ' weekend ! ! !
too funny :) ... i hope u got something for and
Sorry Facebook , you keep saying you've changed , but it's too late . I'm already in love with someone else , her name's ...
... and help get us there will get a personalized autograph on a photo of their choice from LBB herself !
Tonight can't get here soon enough ! Excited for you guys to see the new episode of RHOBH ! Make sure you tweet at m ...
hahaha loves it ! I'm going to enroll in pv high pretty soon .. not really but that'd be rad .
"" I know nothing with any certainty , but the sight of the stars makes me dream . "" Van Gogh
We are planning our holiday auction to benefit the Alzheimer's Association ! We'll be auctioning pics of ...
Love walking along the beach . So beautiful here !
Having the perfect thanksgiving weekend with and ... and it's just getting started ! ! :)
All it takes is faith and trust . Oh ! And something I forgot . Dust . Peter Pan
happy holidays , everyone ! ! ! CANNOT believe it's almost a new year again
Find out what had to say to about former 90210 co-star recent split . ...
what I meant was learn from bad things , mistakes and never repeat them . Try to find beauty in life
why is happy 4th trending ? ? ? Hello ! not til tomorrow :) haha
Husband is home and I cooked . Time to eat and spend time with family . Night , good morning , afternoon . Love to you all
My nurse is terrifying . I actually need a pain pill , but I'm too scared to ask . andihatepills
so looking forward to your new book ... just ordered it !
End this cruelty to dolphins NOW tweet 4taiji We want action taken !
I just won 24 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Family Feud & amp ; Friends for iOS .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Family Feud & amp ; Friends for iOS .
YAY ! favorited my tweet rhony ... love her ! !
I'm earning mPOINTS in Family Feud & amp ; Friends for iOS .
What will YOUR virtual guac taste like ? GuacIt CincoDeMayo Entry -
Just took "" What is the name of the man you'll marry ? "" and got : Dan ! Try it
I just voted "" Kris Allen "" on "" Who's Hotter ? "" Vote now :
just voted "" just say hi and walk away "" on "" what would you do when you see justin bieber ? "" vote too
have the btr album songs on repeat . BREATHTAKING and AMAZING ! ! and can SSSIIIIIIINNNNNGGGGG !
I was about to buy tickets after writing my mom three essays to convince her to let me go and the site froze :(
I'm such a screw up . or at least my phone is . Idk . maybe both . I'm tired . going to sleep while 1D is enjoying their day .
pissed the world hates me . the world just doesn't want me to see the best twitcams live and tweet the boys . ugh .
Does anybody else think it's weird that today is July 5th and we have only played Boston two games this season ?
WHY can't I have your voice ? ? ? ? Amazing . Your version of If I Were A Boy was spectacular .
I don't hate justin I just don't like his performances or songs or actions sometimes . I respect him as a person , though .
OMGOMGOMGOMGOGMTFRJDEISWOEDRMTFNHGURIJDKESJGTFRDUIESOKDJHFGRDUIJKES ED FUCKING SHEERAN ! !
5 DAYS UNTIL I'M SIXTEEN ! ! ! a
Are you the kind of person who wants to be the big fish in a little pond or the l ... Big fish in a little pond .
So I was at central park . And so was Harry & amp ; Taylor . Did I see them ? NO . Why ? Cause I'm a fucking dumbass who doesn't ...
YOU'RE TWO DECADES OLD ! * wait patiently for your tweet about your birthday *
This summer is about working and piucking colleges to apply to . stressed summershouldnotbeastressfultime
I'M GOING TO THE VMA PRE-SHOW TODAY . I CANNOT CONTAIN MY EXCITEMENT . VMAs
New hair color ! I feel like AllRedEverything LatinaItalianFire
Amazing night . thanks everyone so much
Visit me in NYC .
Saving all my money to get a front row ticket to see Darren in Who needs college textbooks when he's coming back to Broadway
Cartoon : Calipari's trophy case IUBB
51 Pieces of Movie Trivia You May Not Know via
How do companies like Pixar and Disney make hyper-realistic images and movies ? Find Out Here :
Harper Lee , we'll miss you ! Thank you for your wonderful talent with words !
Good you've had to much fun while I've been here witnessing ( Nessa I'm JP Ilysm )
that green guy with long ears
I wanna reweet 1thousands times
i'm hella obsessed w your face
frank ocean ? Nah .
Love this ! No Catfish here , it's real ! and fiance Laura mock pregnant couple photo shoots at VMAs .
I'm not going to buy AirPods . I'm just going to wait to find some ? It will be like PokemonGo . AppleEvent
And all they said was "" I hate you "" wow . That hurt . They took off so I mean what can I do ? My friends are saying the cop
The Sims 4 Parenthood Game Pack is coming May 30th ! Learn more : TS4Parenthood
OMG YOU STILL HAVE THIS ? ? HOW ? ? ? Guys ..... this is what happened when I fell down the stairs HAHAHAHA OMG !
This is going to be so fucking good .
its okay buddy , youre a man
aww youre so lucky you get to see him in person :(
like I said , I dont find an excuse for it . for that word to be the 1st thin
People say Trump is dividing this country ? I think he's actually bringing us together by providing us all with a commo
Please never talk to me again , I'm sad
Notsofriendly reminder that : Finn Wolhard is : 14 Noah Schnapp is : 13 Millie Bobby Brown is : 13 Gaten Matarazzo is : 1
what is it i can assist
shouting "" homophobe ! "" because im stating my opinion on this matt
Outchea with the girls and TuTu
In Danville ( @ NC / VA State Line On Hwy 86 )
"" The death of me must b ur mission ' Cuz with every hug n kiss Ur snatchin every bit of strength Dat I'm gon ' need 2 fight off da inevitable ""
Feeling some type of way about my job , no scratch that feeling some type of way about my manager
Went to the chiropractor today , back n neck is really messed up , doc took me out of work with temp disability for another week . Smh
What if I never love someone else as much as I loved you ?
At work , in my "" I don't feel like doing shit "" mood
yoooo me too , I swear . No matter what time or how late I'm always up early , ugh . I went to sleep around 4am n already woke , smh !
Oh well ! ! ! ! Bout to take a ginger ale to the head
I'm not over you , but i'm so over your bullshit .
"" How does it feel to know that I love u baby ""
Lmbo . I'm seriouse , that one came from my chest . Lol
I was dreaming about a cold glass of water , then woke up sweating and wanting a glass of water . Lol
The past is never a mistake if you learn from it .
Today was a date night , had a great time
So we cruised all da way 2 da top of da parkin deck in charleston , exclusive ! all u c is these cars lite up n u looking down in da world
2 of these a day , and 1 regular meal
I need to weigh some shit out ..
My girls left early today so no one to share this lunch break with so off to Walmart I go ; probly get some work out gear n equipments
Nice try though boo boo
Yesterday : at the coliseum for the meet n great with the Harlem Globetrotters
I'm difficult but he knows I'm worth it
Riding the train at city park with my daughter .
Don't fall in love with someone who says the right things , fall in love with someone who does the right things .
Its crazy how I thought you were different , but u turned out to be far worse . Smh !
Happy easter everyone from samya
I wait for your salvation , Lord , and I obey your commandments - Psalm 119:166 ( please retweet )
Exactly 3 years ago today ! ( via
Exactly 1 year ago today ! ( via
Look how little my lil man was
Gosh i love him soo much
John 5:24 I tell you the truth , whoever hears my word & amp ; believes him who sent me has eternal life & amp ; will not be condemne
Watch what happens when 7 people answered an ad for Beauty Lovers ! AvonRep
Just published a new post at
Love my baby boy more then he knows
You're not a Christian because you follow a set of rules ...
Beloved , if God so loved us , we ought also to love one another . No man hath seen God at any time . If we love one a
Here's an Inspirational Bible Verse for you ! BibleVerses by
Just discovered the feather-inspired brush in Avon's new SuperExtend Winged Out Mascara ! AvonRep
When Jesus saw him lie , and knew that he had been now a long time in that case , he saith unto him , Wilt thou be m
God's plans for us are better then anything we could imagine for ourselves .
Babies all ready for church this morning ! ! !
Can't believe my little prince will be one year old this month . Mommy Loves you Gabe
Today walk with your head up and your shoulders back in the confidence that only God can give you . YOU ARE AMAZING !
Check this Pin out on Pinterest !
"" She hit me like a hurricane .... ""
Love my babies . Had a blast ! ! !
Shop my Avon eStore for all of your makeup , fragrance & amp ; skincare needs ! AvonRep
The ANEW AHA Refining Cream & amp ; Clinical Line Eraser with Retinol are my new must-haves AvonRep
I just had an intense 50 minutes of Full Body with Sworkit fitnessmotivation sworkit
Check out this Thriving YouTube video then click on my link if interested at
Weather for yesterday's trip to Melvich was excellent . Today's weather : not so much .
Spent ages fiddling with my TV and Blu-Ray player , then realised that 2001 : ASO is supposed to start with a totally black screen . Doh !
The only "" celebrity "" that ever came to my ( primary ) school was Mr Boom .
Yeah , I set up a Hurricane Electric tunnel especially to try things out today . Hopefully more ISPs will offer IPv 6 in the future .
Do you think there's free Wi-Fi on this train ?
Is he actually a named guest or is he just doing a cameo ? ;-)
Any tips for arguing that UAC should be enabled on domain PCs ? Currently disabled via GP so that drive map script can run .
Target Spring Styles | GoMumsy :
HAVE YOU EVER WORKED IN A TOY STORE ? Here are Things NOT TO DO ! ( Humor ) - News - Bubblews bubblews
The Real Opportunity Staring at Google Glass via
Coors Light - A Day At The Pool
I just won 10 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
Massive Tornado Devastates Oklahoma - Abby Ohlheiser and Philip Bump - The Atlantic Wire
I just won 11 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
Swagbucks Official Blog Easy Does It Day via
I just won 9 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I just won 10 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
Swagbucks Book Club The Shining Discussion via
I just won 9 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I just won 6 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
In Los Angeles go tape for wed . On with Julia Roberts and Julia Louis Dreyfus Fun fun fun
eCareLines Issue 73 - Save the Date for Design on Life , Thank You to our volunteers vr4smallbiz
I just won 12 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I just won 8 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I just won 10 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
Get Blazing Speed With Kettlebells
I just won 8 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I just won 8 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I just won 8 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I just won 8 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I just won 14 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I just won 6 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
iSpy Search : Cartoon Voice Actors via
I just won 1 points by playing the SuperLucky Button on Superpoints !
Super Bowl 50 : Watch The Commercials via
Score a sweet summer with Diet Dr Pepper ! Enter the Summer FUNd for a chance to win Walmart eGift Cards . SummerFUNd
It's crunch time , you guys ! VoteCrispyTaco
I'm the happiest girl alive !
I am sick of this rain :(
getting my hair done , again :/
you have no idea how i'm sold on the fact that this is forever .
i guess for now i'm okay , who knows how ill feel later .
Babysitting the kiddies . So bored .
i'm so bored right now . i need something to do i beg you .
I'm still hurting right now . I really need comfort from you .....
just one more thing ... then ill be okay . i hope .
i cant wait till warped (:
i miss you already . i love you so much baby <3
why the hell am i sad ?
So I have a new baby brother named Zachary Adam Smith as of Thursday . bigsisterstatus
Had a shit studio time so I am now having dinner with my amazing girlfriend and
Oh Brendon Urie , you beautiful man you . I can't wait to hear you sing me soft nothings . I've only
Sick days = working from home with Benji ! He clearly shares my interest for this ElsaTennhardt
omg 4 more days till the jb albums lines vines and trying times woho and doin niley #niley #niley dont make it a trend or do it
i cn not believe that cory from glee is 27 hes soooo young lookin dont ya think ?
In ' s houseeeeeeeeeeee (':
I love when I ask someone a question like 4 times and they literally don't acknowledge it every single time
I can't decide if I hate wearing jeans or a bra more
The Stanley Cup is the oldest , and also the largest trophy in professional sports . It is older than 145 different count
and I almost died tonight fuckingspiders
Hey this album is amazing
Do you ever just ..
It doesnt matter how we did it , whats important is that its here . AllDayBreakfast Now , join the celebration .
never stop pushing urself . Some say 8 hrs of sleep is enough . Y stop there ? Y not 9 ? 10 ? Strive for greatness .
In loving memory of Johnny Depp . He ain't dead , I just love remembering him
Throwback to Jake and Lauren's wedding night when slipped in dog shit neverforget
Still salty that we're not having ribs for dinner
I think the Goodman's think I'm kidding when I talk about my love for Luke notkidding iloveluke
College : where youre not sure whether youre more scared to check blackboard or your bank account
it's online . go watch my documentary . thank you to everybody at
How can you not love Jim and Pam
there's only one person I can watch scary movies with and feel no shame . thanks
PRINCE IS FUCKING DEAD ? ! ? ! ? !
last night April & amp ; I put on bring it on for background noise while studying & amp ; we ended up watching the first & amp ; second one instead of studying
the world's greatest neurosurgeons , dr . drake ramoray and derek shepherd , finally meet
Tomorrow night ( 9/24 ) 8P M in the BeeHive ! First come first serve if not signed up already ! Bring your friends to battle it ou
I just watched a girl walk past one of the fake trees in Rogo , snatch a leaf off the tree , stuff it in her pocket , and run away
When u remember that your sister became the family wizard & amp ; your brother became Headmaster at Wiz Tech and all you got was
here's a video of post malone singing tongue tied to improve your day .
Absolutely . In every way .
This photo will win the Pulitzer Prize this year . Courage for what's right in defiance of a hateful bully .
No Collateral ? No Legend ? No Magnolia ? ? ? Don't MAKE me unfollow some peeps up in here !
I just found the movie fan's Holy Grail . You should be buying it as I type this .
And he just did . You literally don't have to know anything to be an NFL head coach .
Happy to see Don Draper still got work after that Coke ad .
SHE'S TALKING ABOUT HER VAGINA .
That laugh riot THE MARTIAN wins Best Comedy . Remember that shit joke ? Something about disco ? Hi-larious .
1993 - Fox : The X-Files .
Giving away another ALAN RICKMAN print to 1 winner ! RETWEET to enter . FOLLOW to win .
I have a suspicion that Brock is gonna have a tough time on the Texans if someone is throwing that amount of money at you , he'll deal .
Spent the night watching a great Zappa doc and Q & amp ; A with Only at the SaveTheVault
Fanboys talk about a movie with four goof-offs zapping ghosts & amp ; cracking wise in the same hushed tones that priests reserve for the Rapture .
You've got a pretty good handle on my tastes hehe
WOOHOO I KNEW IT ! YAAAASSSSS ! !
The strides that the incredible has made since I ( sadly ) left is crazy bittersweet for me . Greatest festival in the world .
Saw some of it . Couldn't really get into it . I've seen so much about that case , it just didn't really grab me . FARGO was the bomb .
So glad you enjoyed ! :) Keepitweird
About to elect a VP who described same-sex couples as a "" sign of societal collapse . ""
Oh HELL no , 2016 ! I refuse to accept this news .
Those porno pics of hers that are all over the web ARE pretty classy ! But she's white so it's cool !
Not rolling on Shabbos fits nicely with Trump taking every weekend off .
Yep . Work ... such as it is .
GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY 2 : That ' Chicken Attack ' song that programmed for the GotG 2 preshow :
Whhaaaaaaaaat grab me something ;)
Despite a laggy 3rd act , LOGAN LUCKY is just delightful . Soderbergh heist magic & amp ; Daniel Craig w / a southern accent . What more do you want ?
Ouch ! Well glad you escaped unscathed . The festival-ing must go on . ;)
80 - yard pass play comes back because DT tossed the defender on the ground so he could catch the ball . Denver Broncos football ! :D
Athough watching it on Freeform is akin to being forced to sit in a KFC all day but never being allowed to eat .
I wish the mail room would stop hoarding my stuff
My bed after a long day is always the most amazing thing
it's funny . I get roughly the same enjoyment out of an nsp video as I get from a segment on sesame street on how crayons are made
I don't know why of all days , but I'm finally listening to "" Hamilton ""
Here's an old fav : 80s anime girl bedrooms .
KIKI'S DELIVERY SERVICE ( 1989 ) Cinematographer : Shigeo Sugimura Aspect Ratio : 1.85 : 1 Director : Hayao Miyazaki
when I got into the Beatles , b / e they were a "" legit band "" it made those feelings dirty and I wanted to hide them from everybody
my own personal style is starting to gravitate towards that boyish / sportwear as regular wear thing . I'm just not toned at all
Oh thanks ! I was just practicing drawing faces . I'm really not super good at digital drawing .
Poster by Guerrilla Girls ( 1985 - ) , US women artists / activists devoted to fighting sexism and racism within the art world
on the plus side , I didn't get to tell him about my silly crush on Dan . probably for the best
pictured : the ultimate life form
If I thought that for one second you'd betray me I would be forced to suspend you , head first , in the Cat Box of Eternal
Good morning from this Very Good Boy .
Wow ! Tezuka's Atom Cat !
like "" welp ... this is my life now ""
Now you're all caught up on my day
also i like the facial animation they have for Chucky , which looks like it might be more practical effects than CGI
i also remember liking the Denver Broncos mostly ' cuz of their logo , lmao
I literally don't know how many pages I'm going to do of this
i'm set up for training now but thanks
Right ? ! How did I live this long not knowing "" The Touch "" ?
now that i have the house to myself , time for some jasmine tea and "" Shame ""
Under The Covers Volume II pre-orders are LIVE ! ! !
I was watching the movie version but I definitely want to read the manga version now
Honestly ? This post is good . I'm tired
I . E . Alex seems ... overly dependent on Ryland and the question of WHY Alex is living in Ryland's apt . and not paying
The Mountain Dew : Code Red probably helped w / that , ayyyy
ICYMI ... bc I started doing it at 1 in the morning >_O
I swear I am going to dismantle my neighbors car . If he keeps speeding down the god damn road in it and revving the piece of shit
What hurts the most was being so close and having so much to say then watching u walk away ...
You look a lot like my next boyfriend (;
ik you are but what am i
i still cant stop crying ): im going to miss everyone way too much
.... awk didnt say i love you .... (;
There's only us , there's only this . Forget regret , or life is yours to miss . No other road . No other way . No day but t ...
I'm not always a bitch , sometimes I sleep
it's all fun and games until a white girl makes fun of a white girl
sorry I cant go to school tomorrow I fractured my motivation
That was a long shift
she tells us that pretty much everyday
Oddly enough , although the pace of your life may be speeding u ... More for Taurus
Come eat at Facci tonight
when my mom asks where all my money went
had some vietnamese downtown with chris and myk , now about to pour myself some whiskey to celebrate mozilla's 10th anniv
got an atlas 180 pasta machine , made some delicious pasta today
reheating a cup of goulash soup . yum !
I want the OBEY ^ WLAUGH one !
la prxima vez qudate hasta que tomemos fotos ;-)
Congrats to on RFC 5785 !
New blog post : Getting involved with Account Manager . Come join us at the Account Manager meet-up next week !
dear lazyweb , is there an addon to automatically add "" html 5 = True "" to all youtube URLs ?
I know ! I'm loving this new js2 - mode .
so you're OK with personas but not promoting them on that page ? or you're only OK with non-commercial ones ? ( or not at all ? )
Apple Brle Cappuccino Barefoot Coffee Roasters
peter's been eating nothing but lettuce ... Not ;)
Old school phone gear at the AT & T Foundry AT & T Palo Alto Foundry
except for ... is that a bouncy castle there ?
in Colorado - we found a really good deal . It's beautiful ! :)
I'm sharing ! Aren't you getting the pictures ? ;-)
thank you ! ! Not perfect but I'm pleased for a first time to make them . When are you here next ? Let's make some !
also , it was super awesome to see you guys yesterday :)
Very thoughtful piece by and at the NYT about how Mozilla's situation developed .
as viewed from 101 near the airport :
Nice article in Economist about mobile OS and how they're translating it for everyone : (
Hand crafted chocolate and latte from home roasted beans . Thanks
The weekend is almost here , so why not make your own Tonkotsu Ramen Broth ? Here's how : tinkerkitch
A chunky "" swan "" . At least it didn't turn out as a snail , so ... yay ?
Brioche hamburger buns before baking
Tangerine-cherry scones turn out to be very easy to make . And they're delicious !
Food hackers ! Came across a fun beer & amp ; science event . I'm volunteering to help out , msg me if you want to join :
So throw your hands in the air , come on and make this count . It's only you and me , never mind this crowd !
Ryan started the fire . fireguy
Not gonna lie this makes me so happy ! :) reunited
Chris Young hits a three-run home run in the top of the ninth to give the Athletics a 6-5 lead .
Oh my gosh I'm obsessed with that restaurant ! !
Can I pay for college in tears ?
Josh's smile after the tunnel though ! Reddick's the man !
Lol I suck ...... but it's not my fault my mom won't drive me back to campusss !
Not sure I can handle being at a school full of Russell Wilson supporters for this game ..... NinerNation LetsGoKaep
Yoooooo ! Time for some Oakland magic !
Haha uhm well closeeeish ! Haha it's the 3rd ! ! So I'll be 20 in like two weeks which is crazy
Bowen kids are my favorite , this residence hall is legendary !
Moe's with the bible study ladies because we've ( almost ) survived finals week !
I want to sleep forever .
Our recruitment information sessions are NEXT WEEK ! Come learn about joining AASAP . Visit our website for more info :
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! ! ! You're officially old like me now ! Haha hope you've been having a great day :)
Aww I'm gonna miss you so much ! At least that's close enough for me to drive down and visit though ! !
Let me just switch over the the Warriors and pretend this A's game isn't happening .....
Kelsey and I always have the most abrupt transitions over text but it's ok because I get to see her in person in 10 days
Yoenis Cspedes is the Home Run Derby KING ! Cspedes out slugs Todd Frazier in Final , 9-1 .
No worries ! ! We'll see each other soon I'm sure :) We'll figure something out !
I'm dying , this is so perfect ! myheart
4 am ..... 8: 30 class in the morning ..... at this point do I even go to sleep ? ?
My professor just announced she's making Thursday a mental health day and never in my life have I seen an 8: 30 class get so hype .
youngredfox is a classic !
Hahaha wait yes we need to make that happen ..... cause this is like our last chance
Tell me why the man at the McDonald's drive-thru just tried to climb into Jenna's car and tell us there were cops hiding out in the bushes ? ?
WHAT . A . FINNISH ! ! ! SJSharks StanleyCup
It's really hard to complain with a job like this
uh yeah ! ! So what happened ? ?
I hope so , I fell on Jaxon this morning leaving for work . hes ok , just scared him . would me to if I seen a big ol body coming at me
no dogs here . my son loves playing in the leaves though ! A3 BakingSodaUses
jumping up and down ! ! ! PowerTheHolidays
I'm learning all about Sebastia Volupt Volume Boosting Shampoo For Unisex Shampoo at
1 sip of coca-cola life proves that cane sugar & amp ; stevia leaf extract are a genuinely sweet combo ! Try one today , cocacolalife gotitfree
gotitfree Household chores become a treat when using KaboomDisinfex FreeSamp
Earlier I asked my dad if he loved me , he replied to me "" nigga you ate today didn't you ? ""
I aim to make you as uncomfortable as I am on a daily basis .
I have just solved the "" George Washington "" puzzle in Crickler .
I just solved the "" Jodi A . - Golden Girls Trivia "" puzzle in iPhone Game , Crickler . 23:12 : 33
The BEATLES "" Birthday "" song
OMG people ! ! ! STAY HOME ! ! ! The roads are BAD ! Sorry , but it's been a long night . This place is a mad ...
I won the 2nd Star in my Dodge Challenger in CSRRacing RaceYourFriends . Download FREE !
I'm moving up in the world ... to tier 5 in CSRClassics for iOS ! Try it yourself for FREE !
RIP Robin Williams . :(
Every day I'm levelling ! And now I'm level 49 in CSRClassics for iOS ! Get it for FREE !
Lol . Cheaters never win . Well , yeah they do , because they cheat ! !
I've just beaten a quest in World's Biggest Sudoku . My new level is ' Sudoku Star ' Get it free WBSD
So much on my mind , feel like i might go crazy -_- , idk how much more of this I can take
lol same for me sometimes
Jealousy is like a blindfold , it blinds u from wats actually there
I'mma be at Emmys crib either way cuz that's my family's house too
oh god I'm scared now
How can a mother kill her own daughter
I wanna be remembered for years as a person who loves to help his friends or anyone in need
;) love pro pic btw
yeahh ! ! ! XD move those buns !
-.- what you tryin to say .. ?
That heart sinking feeling you get when you read something you didnt want to know .
"" @QuotingJokes : Dora think she's sexy showing her belly . slut "" hahahahaha omg
:D Having a great time with Jess and eating cream puffs goofy
It sucks when you want to talk to someone so bad , but you know you're just a bother
"" The day I'm gone , you all will see .. how unhappy my life was , and what it was to be me . ""
God I wish you knew how much I hate you .
Dude , they make beef flavored pills for dogs . Lucky bastards .
Why does that zombie look like ?
It only took 23 years and 27 different hair dye attempts but I've finally made peace with my hair . HairTodayGoneTomorrow CurlUpAndDye
Coldplay guy should stop jumping and catch his breath .
Still time to win my tickets for Game 1 . Retweet or use NHL 17Tarasenko and I'll pick a winner tonight !
Crush the hawks Niederreiter mnwildFirst CHIvsMIN mnwild
this makes me so happy
"" What are : cameras ? "" JeopardySports
Alexei Bomb ! Solo shot to start the 3rd makes it a 6-0 WhiteSox lead . MERCY
Chris Sale is 1st pitcher with 13 double-digit K games in a season since Big Unit in 2004 :
Support France ! twibbon your avatar now ! - - For the latest news visit
My life feels so empty now that I've watched every single episode of friends ...
Check out the Blackhawks First Round playoff schedule wallpaper featuring Jonathan Toews ! -
RETWEET for a chance to win 2 tickets to Saturday's game + a bat . Sox 25
Happy SocialMediaDay ! Thanks for following . Retweet to win an O's prize pack + autographed item ! BirdlandSocial
White Sox pitcher Anthony Ranaudo goes yard for his first professional hit , majors or minors , in his career .
Not on the Melkmans watch .
THE LEGEND OF CONOR GILLASPIE CONTINUES !
Alright it's time to RallyTogether for the last time this year !
I'd greatly appreciate it if you would vote for the Buffalo Wild Wings Athlete of the Month !
this was the greatest scene in television history
Now entering the game ... ASG
DiMaggio , Pujols , Jos Abreu . The slugger becomes the 3rd player with 25 + HR , 100 + RBIs in each of his 1st four se
giveaway time ! RETWEET for a chance to win a pair of tickets to tomorrow's Orange Carpet Premiere of our World Series Docu
is Coming Home coming back any time soon ?
God is able to way more then our minds can comprehend , why not allow Him to work in your life in that way ? ( Ephesians 3:20 ) elementSOAP fb
A couple that prays together , stays together
Please for chance to win $ 100 gift card ! ( Ends 3/26 . Must follow us to win . Thanks . ) giveaway t ...
he's still a baby , just not a tiny one ! When he starts walking n talking he'll no longer a baby !
"" .... he's been there every week with the exception of easter weekend since we started going there in January ! "" Lol I love my talks w momma
Just need to make it through church today and then just 5 more insanely busy days until I see your face again ! ! !
what ? ! ? Tell daddy i said that takes skill ! ! ! !
are you actually flying out today or are you on that crappy standby ?
NEW GandB tonight 8/ 7C on Style ! for a chance to WIN a $ 50 gift card to one of Bills faves , Banana Republic ! htt
MarryTheManWho you can see standing beside you in church on Sunday morning
So my brother just sent us 10 trillion emails about how women in church leadership is not Scriptural ! Yeah get your facts straight brother ! !
( ( ( ( ( hugs ) ) ) ) i need one too ! !
yeah i have a friend who worked his butt off today at work covered in spray paint n still made it to church after 10 hr day
At 8: 30 am stay in intercession til 11:30 am , eat lunch , try n get some things done , intercession for another hr , 45 minute nap from
dont want to get excited yet , but i heard a rumor that if true could lead to something HUGE !
CakeBossKickoff what Buddy and his team make never ceases to amaze me !
trying to clarify something , when i am taken off waitlist , will an email b sent that i hve to confirm b4 my account is charged ?
Win a $ 100 Gift Card to spend during our FLASHSALE { 3/21- 24 } here :
if my box ever ships ! ! ! ! Can someone please tell me when my box will be shipping ? ? ? ?
Hardcore napage just occurred .... i wonder what that means for tonight ....
When ur bestfriend calls 24 hrs later to see how ur feeling today after the hell u went through yesterday .... yep , i know y we r friends !
Seriously starting to think God's up to something big .... things are changing in a way I never thought , but I'm loving it !
& amp ; follow for a chance to WIN free nail polish ! JulepGalentine GalentinesDay
Enter to win an 18 month ECLifePlanner + Launch Bundle ! Winners pick a friend to win , too !
Thanks same to u ! When u coming to visit me ?
Happy Friday fam ! While we wait for QriketLIVESPIN CODES ! to get yours , 1 gets the $ 100 code !
haters hate bc they are insecure about themselves so they take it out on others ! Chin up , keep doing what u are doing , inspiration
"" For God has not given us a spirit of fear ; but of power , and of love , and of a sound mind "" ( II Tim . 1:7 ) . Bible WordOf
not when the ads still are making the app useless for iOS
trying to stay cool in this weather ! ! it HOT ! !
watching smackdown ! ! can't wait for the Cats game tomorrow ! ! beat LSU ! ! ! ! !
Pet Surprise Packs Flash Giveaway ( Ends at 11PM Today ! ) via
I just cashed out $ 33.65 from You can too : $ 5 signup bonus !
why does remember the name by fort minor sound like 100 words and running ? ?
you definitely did it with style anyway
Always keep the ones who stuck with u during the bad times with u for the good times
yay sketchy driving course !
I MISS YOU MORE . Reunion this summer please !
i dont think my dog remembers who i am
thank you for ways being there for us during our darkest times . I hope we can do the same for you EST 4LIFE
What's up with tezo's twitter ?
im really excited for this upcoming U . S . tour ... ive discovered so many different ways to express my creativity outside
People really think we're insane for seeing Machine Gun Kelly multiple times on the same tour .
Boys would probably still be living in caves if it wasn't for females
GAH I SERIOUSLY CANNOT WAIT . I wish you could come Thursday :(
so happy to be home ! !
:( wish this pain would go away
wahhhh when are you leaving kelly ? !
"" We make human beings . What did you make ? Copies ? A car ? "" Hahaha so trueeee
Hard to know who is real nowadays truth
It's the worst when you wake up just knowing you are going to be really sick soon .
Officially coming home labor day weekend ! !
hehe love youuu ! !
fly out here for a Tuesday game :p so cheap !
hopefully you love puke green :) hehe
Lou Malnati's for lunch today . itsagoodday
.... do you take real classes ?
Work is dragging today ... Just want to be home ! hatebeingagrownup
Just made the most epic meal ever . stuffed
When my friends don't answer my texts
damn it ... forgot to grab your comp
getting the update right now because I'm just as excited
This day is DRAGGING .
Just a casual dance party to new song "" Welcome to New York "" in our living room soulmate 13
Wouldn't be Christmas without Miracle on 34th Street
how much for your grandma ?
telling a girl to "" calm down "" is like trying to baptize a cat
Most girls have had a guy like this at some point in their life , so I needed to share :
I am the definition of a girl who eats her feelings . 4 lunches is normal right ?
Best thing you can do when youre sad is make someone else happy . Swing those vibes the right way .
i will send u the number tonight for thursday nights interview ! ! How are u ? Ur Giants won !
Tune in tonight at 7pm to as we will be talking with and also lots of talk ! ! MMA GetSome UFC
Looks like we my be seeing a rematch .
More Eminem . Come fighters .... there are millions of songs out there . UFConFuelTV
Breaking News : Brewers Outfielder Ryan Braun has won his appeal and will not serve a 50 game suspension for an illegal ...
It appears that I won't be playing any shows this spring , so i'm gonna get back in the lab heavy . gohardorgohome
Less than 48 hrs ' til TUFLive on Lots of big stuff coming in the next 2 days . Keep it locked right here !
This Bulls Heat game is serious ! ! ! GoBulls
Join us tonight on at 7pm as we will be talking to the homie & the oh-so hot MMA
Happy Easter everyone and god bless y'all .
Great workout at red rock getting my beast on . ...
Blackhawks and Coyotes game 6 coming up ! ! For some reason I think this game will go to OT ! Lol !
Stoked for the Heavyweight Grand Prix Finals with Daniel Cormier and Josh Barnett ! ...
Tune into today at 3pm for MMA
Should the unified MMA rules allow soccer kicks and stomps ? MMA UFC Strikeforce
awesome news amigo ! ! ! Good luck !
Im glad Diego Sanchez is going back to 155 . UFC MMA
debuts on tonight ! Tune in !
If your not following get on board they have a ton of give aways coming up !
2 weeks from today on 4/20 ! Army vs Marines vs AVM MMA ...
If you would like to fight in Colorado go to & amp ; fill out the fighter app ! MMA
Wait , I thought Bellator didn't take UFC castoffs ? Rampage hast lost three in a row and Tito has lost seven of his last n
Stoked to see vs at rfa 11 in colorado on Nov 22nd ! ! mma rfa
Amanda Nunes in against Sarah Kaufman on The Ultimate Fighter : Nations Finale . ufc tuf tuffinale
Edgar but cheering for BJ ! !
congrats on the win this past Friday night champ . ufcbound
Liz Carmouche def Lauren Murphy via unanimous decision ( 29-28 , 29-28 , 29-28 ) UFCFairfax
Our good friend is in Denver tonight at Moes in Englewood . Come hang & amp ; listen to real HipHop . Doors at 8p m . Show at 9pm .
vs will co-headline UFC 200 in July . UFC
Trump selling copies of Art of the Deal for $ 184 to raise money for campaign . Isn't worth paper it's printed on . I should
How many of our Presidents or past Presidents or candidates are certifiably insane ? SomePeopleAreSayingThat
Trump Vasectomy in November ? Did I read that wrong ?
"" Where the black people at ? "" - Blazing Saddles
Clamchops Playhouse FishTV or in rerun movies Silence of the Clams
well , not if they're insane
and systemically Ivanka is standing where the wife should be . Hmmmm ?
Why did you rape a 13 year old girl ? Why didn't you let black families move into your buildings ?
HipHopFood Wu Orange Tang Clan
Heart was attacked with poison ? knife ? gun ? all of the above ?
The A-Dentures Of Superman SuperOldHeroes
DumberBroadway The Sound Of Muzak
Fucking mushrooms ! Tasteless spores
I can't even find "" the button "" how am I going to find a movie theater that will let me in to see Wonder Woman ?
I am under investigation for obstruction , collusion . Enjoy !
When you apply for a gov't security clearance and you lie why do you get to keep your clearance ? Asking for a friend
Hey , will speak about this the moment Putin says he can so just back off !
You were on vacation where you took the side of nazis
I'm thinking he could beat Keyshawn , tool
Apparently trumpphucket is punishing them for voting 70 % Rubio to 13 % Trump in the primaries
BrieflyExplainScientology Give me your money , you get brainwashed . Enjoy !
Whitefish . Whose previous experience is putting in a lightbulb for their mother has obtained the c
You owe the victim here a FULL SCHOLARSHIP the rest of her way ! ! !
Why cant she go back to China and make more of her AMERICAN made products
I always thought LetsMakeADeal was a better show than TheApprentice
I vil enter me in da 100 meter email throw
purple high tops for today WOO
SFGTS Lately people got me all tied up , there's a countdown waiting for me to erupt
SFGTS Or else we'll play , play , play all the same old games , And we wait , wait , wait for the end to change
Somebody wrote "" Happy B Day Dad "" in the sand and I may go ziplining with my mom this week on v ...
what do you use to edit your videos ? Do you ever think you would be able to do a video on editing ?
Casper the friendly ghost died as a teenager from pneumonia after sledding all day .
when your friends want to enjoy the sunshine and beautiful view but you're a cave dwelling internet addict
We are overpolluting , overpopulating & amp ; exploiting the earth & amp ; ppl don't do anything bc they think it's signs "" god is coming
Just picked this up at urban outfitters
I don't know . I only keep Franklins in my jeans !
ThankYou for making us laugh right now ...
1 : Like this 2 : Follow all that Like & amp ; Retweet 3 : Follow back all that follow you 4 : Gain with 1DDrive
What Are DLC , LootBoxes and Microtransactions ? Since we're interested too ! features
Hey My fav ExtraMostBestest pizza topping is PEPPERONI
It feels magical outside . By magical I mean low 70 ' s .
what makes a donut "" fancy "" ?
Wait you had those to begin with ?
Hello Twitter . I have a phone again .
I mean maybe . Seems like the cops were just wrong but now an arrest could be getting held up to achieve a political end .
My fav is The Music of Erich Zann
Chicago Decriminalizes Small Amounts Of Pot
I had to unfollow because golf is a shitty "" sport "" and it's even worse when Twittercasted .
Once there was this dude in downtown Boston moshing to a boom box for spare change ; blew my fucking mind .
Here with and and many others for the Bruins Hockey Resurrection Party . COME ON DOWN
idk he's still a dominant player . qqQqqq 7
where ? how ? Let's meet up !
PARTY TIP : Sluts are underrated .
please . I need a lot more food than that .
Today for you , tomorrow for me RENT
para kay eunice un haha sorry :) )
pakitxt naman ako kung sakasakaling magsuspend sila na biahe pa ako :)
Taking a break , to resume tomorrow ! :) Pedia
Can't sleep :| HCR in the bg
sinong taksil ngayon ? hahaha
School on a non-school day ironic
chief sama ka ba bukas ?
True ! Di naman obvious sir :)
The bromance of charles and erik , there are just no words xmenfirstclass
Break then back to work ihatepacking :|
happy new year friends ! :)
Last enrichment day ! Finally :)
Ayyy ... pero okay lang naman sakin :P
Ang hirap ng life na ganyan :) ) kaya nga ako umuwi eh :P pero wala nga pala magulang mo no ? :| Kaya mo yan ! LOA lng yan :)
Motherfucking Game of Thrones , bukas na !
UAAP 76 : More problems for AdMU - - - will undergo shoulder surgery , which makes him unavailable for the rest of the
oh , haha . How's the south doing ?
Dahil nag reminisce kami ni Eunice kahapon , ito na lang ang pang tbt ko . I can still remember all the
Wahh ! Di ba ! Pero tiwala lang ! :) neversaydie
So I'm watching a Yolanda story on MMK and all I can think about is haaaaay the Philippine justice system
Having a ME day , I just can't help myself coffee cookie stars metime
Gladiator mode on ! Scandal
I'm just gonna throw this out to the universe ... I WILL WATCH lawofattraction
Si Shonda Rhimes ang nagsulat ng coronation night ng Miss Universe .
Day 38/366 : Watched allegiancebway with florenceissunshine before it
Ayan tayo eh , miss nyo lang ako when you need moolah
it feels so wrong to like but oh well
George Will talks gibberish on Planned Parenthood . LOL
Zombie Apocalypse : CDC Denies Existence Of Zombies Despite Cannibal Incidents via
This Ryan character was in Congress while King George II was spending our blood and treasure like a drunken sailor .
Is There An Artist In The House ( via A Cabin in the Woods )
A Mill To Far . ( via Job Creators )
Camel's Nose - Boo !
The Dickens You Say ! : MSNBC gushes over FOX News
The new vulture card . Picking pockets at a train station near you soon .
Good mix of stories as usual . Sadness , hopefulness , reminiscence , and silliness . L ... CBSNewsSundayMorning GetGlue
Duluth : Hearing on PolyMet mine project draws hundreds , for and against - vi
Here are 5 things a lot of Americans are wrong about
Cookie Monsters , Spiders And Other Baked Demons By Christine McConnell via
"" It's not going to end well . Especially if it ends well . "" billmaher tvtag
Werner Herzog on Creativity , Self-Reliance , Making a Living of What You Love , and How to Turn Your Ideas ...
This is the year we refuse to participate in ranking the Super Bowl ads meant to sell us crap
Photo : Cosmos Comrades newsweek : If its Thursday , its time for Newsweek Rewind . This week we go back 50 ...
OoO oOo .... is it just me , or did it just get a little chilly in here ... DoctorWho
I've just watched episode S00E66 of Doctor Who ( 2005 ) ! doctorwho
I've just watched episode S01E02 of Shadowhunters ! shadowhunters
It is official . They are being .... agentsofshield
The Hypnotizing Beauty Of Russias Historic Metro Stations - Echoes of the Past publictransportation
I've just watched episode S02E01 of Mr . Robot ! mrrobot
I've just watched episode S03E03 of The Strain ! TheStrain
I've just watched episode S01E04 of Timeless ( 2016 ) !
I've just watched episode S01E07 of Eyewitness ( US ) !
I am watching The Magicians ( 2015 ) TelfieApp TheMagicians
This is the description of Descartes my philosophy teacher put on our substance dualism handout . twofer
How a Side-Wheeler Steamship Opened up the West by Catching Fire via wheel WordPress decisions
Novocaine For The Soul by on stuff
Electronic Cigarettes Are Futuristic | Ecig Advanced News :
I'm online , call me bitwine
Firebrand Contest | Ecig Advanced News :
I'm online , call me bitwine
I'm online , call me bitwine
I'm online , call me bitwine
I'm online , call me bitwine
Rebuild Evod with SS Mesh Tutorial | Ecig Advanced Community Blog :
I'm online , call me bitwine
I'm online , call me bitwine
Want in ... For Free ... Get in ... makemoneyfast onlineopportunity facebook youtube freetoday
I'm online , call me bitwine
I'm online , call me bitwine
well im off for the evening time to cuddle up to the grizzely bear of an ol man .... he's so cute when he is grumpy
I'm online , call me bitwine
I'm online , call me bitwine
I'm online , call me bitwine
I'm online , call me bitwine
I'm online , call me bitwine
Have you seen TexasChainsaw from It's TERRIFYING ! Check it out in 3D ! -
Want $ 10 to spend on Tophatter ? It's ( 90 seconds on average ) . Sign up now .
I'm online , call me bitwine
I'm online , call me bitwine
I received a $ 4.35 PayPal via free cash
when top fitness pro WINS , Leukemia Soc gets $ 20K . Follow & amp ; VOTE DAILY please
EDM Our little Christmas present , we wish you a full and thriving 2016 . Listen & amp ; Download - htt
2016 is going to be an awesome yr . Just added 4 new Scentsy girls to my team . Ready to start your own business ?
Card of the day ... 6 of cups time to reunite with old friends eat pizza and drink beer
Waking up in 3 hours ... cantsleep schoolsucks
I have still not adjusted to daylight savings time exhausted needmyhourback
I've heard that three times this week ...
if she eggs in the van weregonnahaveaproblem
On average , 12 newborn babies are given to the wrong parents every day . you were clearly one of those 12 jk not
MentionTo your friends who always fart in public .
Taping the faucet so water sprays all over me < < < < babysittingprobz
50-10 ! Go bayside ! ! 2ndroundherewecome
because you tweeted every 5 minutes and who's that
why are you texting him ?
My poor abs are gonna hurt tomorrow
I wish every Monday was labor day
Life without would be stinky
aww criss if i lived out there i would bring ya some chix soup
i feel ya on that one girlfriend especially when mclachlins arms of the angel starts
i cant wait to come out in Feb
I just entered to win 2 VIP tickets to the Linkin Park show in my city ! Connect to twitter and enter here linkinpark
that would be funky or maybe Sixx AM could put a spin on it
you would look so hit
I just rated Nick's Original House of Ribs 5 stars on "" Awesome food . I brought my fiance down to OCMD ... ""
I just unlocked "" Even If I Could "" ! Listen to songs from AVENGERSASSEMBLE at
My EX ? OH .... You can have that shit .
The Album from Bam Margeras 2013 Wedding in Iceland
going to do the NFL show on fox sunday morning .......... me ........ and ... the football !
Where the hell you at bear ?
Bored ? Come video chat with me at
someone come to OfficialJadenSmith tiny chat with me please
S : 6 P: 5 E : 5 C : 5 I : 4 A : 5 L : 4 So I spread kind of even , I guess ..
cause WuTangClan ain't nothing to Fuck with .
& amp ; follow for a chance to win a First Order Stormtrooper and Flametrooper Pop ! prize pack !
can you make our wedding cake toppers ? ! We are planning on a September wedding most likely .. AskFunko
yep it is really damn good . Got it when it first came out , downloading the expansion now to play soon ..
that's like going , remember when action movies had creative situations instead of guns , explosions , exotic locals , sex , etc
& amp ; follow for a chance to win a Scarlet Witch Pop ! !
if I were only talented enough to pull this off ..
like I stated in the million other tweets you neglect just so you can make that invalid point
he stated he would never condone violence ...
theres more of a chance tht they have an illegal concealed gun to use on me . At least I know what cops carry
If you're not watching Sharknado 4 then you're part of the problem ..
nah , just like her emails , shit gonna get erased .
I have siatic pain , I'll pay you to operate ! You take insurance ?
it feels like a gimmick . Dems in 2008 : look our first black president ! Dems today : Look we follow up with 1st female pres !
about 2 1/2 yrs ago when I started following you . Damn it ! .
"" A device caused the explosion , made from a pressure cooker with wires and a cell phone . "" Just call it what it is !
the hugger should be known the backlash he would get for that , but protesters should know there will be people who disagree
to be fair , I've witnessed two black women call a gay black man a "" fucking faggot "" because he said he rather vote trump .
we all know Nintendo never catered to the hardcore gamer , and based it's demographics for family friendly gaming .
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a 2016 exclusive Indiana Jones Pop ! Ride !
it was only three pieces .. why did they make it look so difficult ? ! ! ! ! !
& amp ; follow for a chance to WIN a DC Bombshells WonderWoman Chase Variant Pop !
here's a pair of tit ( mouse ) s . I'm not afraid to show it publicly .
if it didn't have to self compete it should've succeeded
Usually my tweets are bullshit . What I'm about to send out actually is something I'd like people to look at , read , and give with their hearts
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a exclusive Unmasked Spider-Man ( Homemade Suit ) Pop ! SpiderMa
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an SDCC exclusive Happy , Happy , Joy , Joy Ren & amp ; Stimpy Pop ! 2 - pack ! htt
Whelp there goes my plans of putting a baby in you .. darn .... get well soon .
"" It's time to move on , time to get going What lies ahead , I have no way of knowing "" RIP Tom Petty
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Bendy and the Ink Machine Pop ! prize pack !
dont be sucha smartass and i wont !
Only trust yourself , iv learned that the hard way . disappointed sad ohwell
Almost everything makes me think of you imstayingstrong
Tell me ... why would you put a picture up if you don't think you look good in it ? justwondering
You just want attention bye
Carrie Underwood is my role model . iwannasing lovecountry
newyorchesis katy is my fav
I don't think any if this is awkward , do what makes you happy . stopjudging
Wait ........ I'm going to church right now ............. sincewhen random outofnowhere sotired
The fact that I was up this late just to plan an outfit for tomorrow ... emilyprobs lol same gurl
I really cannot wait for college
Don't ever cry over someone that wouldn't cry over you wordstoliveby thehills
Finally in my own bed and not the airport
oh please there was so much ! It was my house anyways ....
About to grab my towel after a shower and BOOM a huge spider is on it saveme biggestfear theyareeverywhere
I'm so tired and my dad is still making me clean the house ...
thank you so much Erin ! (: love you and miss you ! !
college is so fun . oh my gosh
I just worked out so hard , I feel like my legs are gonna fall off ... ohmygod
Can't wait to see my sista sistas next week gphi gphrat
Iv been experiencing so many awkward moments lately ....
Marley & amp ; me littlekitty tbt
So I spotted Dee today .....
Some clich caption about turning 21 IM21BITCHES 21isfun Columbia , Missouri
my dad just told me he went to a stones concert and left it early yeah idk him currently searching for a new family
I'm not even gonna tag you ima just look
sadness is deleting memes off ur phone for storage because of a concert
i even got one of those fancy neck things because i did something smart and got redneckinzed for it !
PAUL pls meet my bby at bun this sunday ! ! she's way cool i promise
dont play me like that ever again u snake
hello i still need to know this
pink skies , i know exactly where we should go . ' cause i love the way your green eyes mix with that malibu indigo .
im about 2 be on the beach in the sun for a week my skin is about 2 be so good
bish u better got me in there
S TO P I WILL DRIVE 2 HOURS TO KICK UR ASS
is seeing the 1975 3 times this tour really necessary im starting to second guess my decisions
im ganna go to the store to buy myself a bouquet of sunflowers
carly is at work for another 3 hours idk what to do with myself
girl u r not even prepared for my craziness when i see u
i'm the happiest gal on earth rn
i have never known someone to be more obsessed with harambe than matthew timothy healy
this what u see when u get to heaven . he was looking right at me . BOIIII RIP !
u can follow my private twit if i like u
not to be cocky or anything but my instagram is so good i'm my own aesthetic goals
TRU could never forget them
my instructor calls me dj jazzy gab at school because I'm in charge of the music everyday
my level of extra : driving around town to different stores trying to find a harry mag at 8: 30
Cillian Murphy n Harry Styles , oh ya am in love with both of them
hello there rockstar , the world is yours
Vanmoof No . 3 OTT
2ZR - FXE illustration : 2016
Million dollar pu * * y , million dollar pu * * * * * * * * * * * * y
Happy birthday binch it's basically midnight in Texas amirite
omg no that's funny . That's my little sister this is me
yes it you have ! Yes you do ! And I'm about to call my local mix station and dedicate it to you .
Why are gay beards a thing ? Because they're like "" manly "" or whatever ?
he's a Taurus so maybe as long she's not a fire sign or like annoying in general
There's this thick ass East African boy I always at the grocery store but I'm avoiding speaking too until I'm wearing the perfect outfit
It is a truth universally acknowledged , that a gay man waiting on a booty call will get that call as SOON as he eats something ugly
I want a drink but that would accelerate my spiral
he literally invited me to lunch before I could change look god
That Yerba mate was a placebo bc I'm sleepy as f
This guys Jack'd profile is just a pic of the Yeezy duck boots and that's enough honestly
That being said I'm into the anemic prep-school sailor thing
it's called 9monsters ( lmao ) and idgi
Lemme find out Gwen finna have me dancing hard like its ' 07
I keep almost telling someone that I love them and it's like I need not to do that but it's also like do I ? ? ?
I'm trying to remember haileys is it the place that used to have 80s night where I got drunk for the first time ever
I need for you to come hook ME up
15 CELEBRITIES MOST PEOPLE DON'T KNOW ARE BLACK
Hella niggas triend me tonight in my custom wood-grain tube top but I'm straight
Everyone here lives with their mom that's so cute
Idk why but I love being mean to libras lol how many of y'all are Libras
vejas , telfar .. Hb @ looked cheap again IMO
this turned me out nine years ago :/
Wait that one lady ? ? ? Lmao ! I was just telling my driver the other day about that wedding .
What truths y'all on here omitting today ?
mood : nahhh I ain't get yo text or call
This the look I give white people after I get on the plane .
Whenever I see a cute girl and I don't know how to explain her attractiveness
Every woman deserves a man who looks at her every day like the day he first realized he was in love with her !
Who's your QB with $ 1,000 , 000 on the line ? Win $ 1 million playing Fantasy Football this Sunday .
2 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
When ya whole outfit on point
if she's bae she gets unlimited head
When bae wants to go to Mecca
are you still alive ?
But who called her from an app because YOUR number is blocked in her phone
"" @AlyiahG : ? ? "" idk wtf that was ..
did you me bro ?
Hanging with the squad be like ..
Its my bitch birthday happy birthday .. @lvxrvn_
The game has been changed
When you block me but I still end up in your TL
my closest friends did me in that why i don't trust nobody
one person followed me and one person unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
4 people followed me and 2 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
We all know a girl like this
Let me do this homework * 5 minutes later *
one person followed me / / automatically checked by
one person followed me and 3 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
oh look . flood warning . please flood so i dont have to go to school tomorrow .
I love the fact I grew up wanting a brother and now I have four love u boys man :)
i miss z . a . c . s . nothing can ever replace that .
reading my posts from my personal blog . realizing how much time i spent crying over and holding onto someone who can care less about me now .
fffffuuuuuccccckkkkk i dont know what elective to take . :(
a little obsessed with fall out boy atm
yo me too . its a blessing for lazy people :')
Why is it so cold
I lowkey really want to see my senior portraits but then again I'm like 99 % sure I look ugly af lmao
Thank you to the Academy and the incredible cast & amp ; crew of TheRevenant . Oscars
Excited to cut and donate my hair
so sick of putting up with ungrateful rude people lol
going to school in new england and not being a pats fan ... i need to mentally prepare myself for tomorrow
I spent the last three years getting my white converses dirty and my mom went and washed them
I gave + K about Contests on
My score is 60 . I improved it by 1 point over the past day !
I gave + K about Writing on
I gave + K about Music on
I gave + K about Television on
I just won 10 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at Thanks
Don't forget to stop by 7 Eleven for your Free bie today ! Love me some Slushie on a nice hot day ! :)
I just won 27 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at Thanks swagbucks !
Good Morning ALL my followers !
I just won 7 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
I just won 8 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
I received + K in Pinterest from Ihaveabud 4u . Thanks !
I gave + K about Red Bull on
I gave + K about Cooking on
I just found a Swag Code worth 6 Swag Bucks .
I gave + K about Social Media on
I just won 7 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
Can I get help from my followers ? I want to get to 1000 followers . I will followback this thanks !
I just won 10 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
I just won 7 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
I gave + K about Android on
I gave HogsMe SomeSwags + K about Reiki on
tiene los mejores consejos y premios en el EchaleChallenge Participa ! -
I just entered a contest to win a 7 - day supply of Mountain House freeze-dried food from Enter here
Never even heard about that lol
Once you get used to it , it's not as hard . I wouldn't give up making photosets :( It's just a PITA getting used to it .
Swoon ... Hugh Jackman is so talented and gorgeous Best part of the night thus far for the show TheOscars
My taste in men has changed so dramatically through the years . I used to love the big , buff guys ... but that's very rare now .
I feel like a can of sardines in the back seat of my sister in laws car
I seriously beg you to pick up a comic and see how popular cyclops is . He should be back ! ! !
no James marsden ? Seriously .... not cool !
I want to watch the whensookiemetbill episode of during TrueBloodWeek . VOTE for your favorites at
No , it's not a joke . Her mother has her paranoid so now she has panic attacks whenever she feels her heart racing .
Of course the one time I actually want to talk to my parents , it is 5 in the morning ... damn it
I need more sleep man ... This sucks .
Dear .... they never showed Cyclops dying on screen in X3 ... so bringing him back CAN be justified . Just saying .
Saw ' The Family ' today . I certainly thought it would be funnier , but it wasn't too bad . A little cute .
I laugh every time I hear Blurred Lines . After hearing my 5 year old niece sing some of it , I'll never think of it the same way ( @brandy009 )
after fighting deathstroke 163 times I finally beat the mother fucker arkhamorgins
Hoping TMZ is wrong :( That's awful about Paul Walker . If it's true , I feel so bad for his daugher / family
Does anyone else have a parent that is NEGATIVE all the freaking time ? How do you honestly deal with it b / c I'm getting sick of it !
Just got a call from someone named michael dickow . Lol ... dick ow is probably not a good name to have with the ladies lol
So the thing my birthday is known for in Michigan is breaking the snow record for the year lol
thank you btw ! :)
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE explain why every girl dies over Nicholas Sparks ' books . That guy writes COMPLETE and TOTAL shit books .
Check out my last kinetic typography project featuring ' s voice over of The Killing Joke's Monologue
Sound asleep last night after I got home until I mention going to school ... which he hates siberianhusky
don't be afraid to be you and don't let the world change you , be proud of yourself and all that you are .
how can you be president if you can't even take a tv show slamming you . Baby tantrum much ?
I wonder if Andrew Lincoln cries as much in real life as he does as Rick lol thewalkingdead
Finishing up my birthday watching the movie Heist ...
Okay lol . Still brave to be so close to a croc
That is a damn nightmare to me . That's creepy shit , so I don't blame you .
so glad to finally see the human side to Negan with Lucille TheWalkingDead
9 out of 10 Republicans agree : failed ideas and vapid clichs are the key to turning the country around .
Shouldn't the landlord have to pay to fix the mold problem ?
Also , what drug are you prescribed ?
Reply to Welcome to my world .
I've lived to see my childhood princesses become generals .
Rachel Maddow revealed that Trump paid more taxes in ' 05 than most people will pay in their entire lives . What ground-br
New cute cat on and
His nose is unique ...
New cute cat on and
New cute cat on and
So , all President Trump has to do to keep the media tied up for 24 hours is make up a word ? This will be the best 8 year
"" There is a level of viciousness that I was not expecting ... but this isn't supposed to be easy . "" - @IvankaTrump
Nobody ever accused the left of having functioning brain matter , Larry .
HappyIndependenceDay We are the land of the free because of the brave . Thank you to the heroes who serve !
Had my first Gogurt yesterday . About to have my second one right now . I know . Big news .
Evening in both colours ..
How hard is it to go on IMDB & amp ; look you up & amp ; see your work , a lot o
"" Racism "" doesn't mean anything anymore . You weirdos beat all the life out of it . Now , when you call someone racist , they
Don't blame America for ending The Dream Act . BLAME YOUR ILLEGAL PARENTS FOR KNOWINGLY PUTTING ALL YOU "" DREAMERS "" AT RIS
In the states Clinton lost , she argues voter ID requirements made it harder for people who supported her to vote . Especi
Celebrities don't know how to think for themselves , do what's trendy . Losing fans / money along the way . Th
After speaking w / people affected by HurricaneMaria yesterday we are reminded of the fighting spirit of Americans . and I
10 DAYS UNTIL TWD SEASON 8 ! ! !
Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart . Tart .
Those of us who understand how investigations work , and where this is going are happy today . Team Dem should be very co
You people really need to have more fun on set .
Dark alley or not , no . 2 !
The Democrats opened up Pandoras box when they started this crap about Trump and guess what they found ? .... A bunch of
Dear gay people , If youre ever in a Muslim country and are arrested for being gay , just show them your tweets defendin
Donald Trump Jr was interviewed by a Senate panel for the Russia probe . A 9 hour meeting over a 20 minute discussion .
WhenIHaveAWarmGlow there is wine nearby ...
Marquez Jones leads the Rams with 18 first half points ... Preston Ross has 12 ... Brian Okam has three blocked shots ...
Like I have basically destroyed my side of the room trying to find this letter ...
I need food in my life right now .
The only thing I hate about gamedays is how long we have to stay in the locker room / gym after the game is over with . -_-
If I really have to , you know I would choose you .
How do you possibly get satisfaction of seeing other people embarrassed ? Smh society's priorities are all messed up !
These need to come back .
I've gotten so connected to my basketball guys that I feel like a proud mama or something when they win lol , swear I love them so much
Let me stop playing with Nate before he starts feeling some kinda way lmao
Fuck that new girl that's been in your bed , and when you're in her , I know I'm in your head .
Aries are romantic and artistic .
I'm taking my ass back to sleep because I have absolutely no reason to be up right now .
Ughhh , I miss my brothers seeing them would definitely make my day ...
Lord , grant me the strength to not smack the hell outta this childish ass broad right now .
How Girls Feel About Boys ... Lmaooo
Oh shit , I just realized that I'm supposed to be going home tomorrow
I'm so bored ! ! ! !
so we subtweeting now ? "" @_misundersto_od : Kenan's mad ""
good , you need to be so I can tweet in peace since I can't sleep
I wanna go on a cute little date
I respect single mothers but today is for MEN who are fathers .
I think it's funny when someone tries to get mad at me for treating them exactly how they treat me Shit , stay mad wit ' ya mad ass
Jarod is my nigga even though he irritates the hell outta me sometimes
"" @Princessday_xo : Ok she won ! stawp "" bruhhhh
in less than 24 hours y'all have posted 15 shady bias posts against Who paying y'all in remy man camp
Grief should never be viewed as a way for attention . I wish more people would understand this . I love you Dad , here or
Excited to hear that Newt Gingrich has dropped out ! ! ! WHEN PPL IN THE SOUTH WON'T VOTE FOR ROMNEY ( YAY ! ! ) YOU KNOW HE SUCKS ! ! LOL
this guy is the reason I brought organogold .
A moment in Black History ... Shirley Temple and Bill Robinson : Hollywood ' s First Interracial Couple
How do they know it was the steak and not a seasoning ? onthecase
Scorpios are the straightforward type .
When a Scorpio gets angry that's when their stinger comes out .
You are not satisfied by just doing good work today ; you want ... More for Scorpio
You might try to hold back the flood of impassioned feelings t ... More for Scorpio
You have reached an unavoidable fork in the road . Projects tha ... More for Scorpio
There's no reason to add more stress to an already delicate si ... More for Scorpio
Although it seems like a serious lack of resources is at the h ... More for Scorpio
Be careful about complicating a tricky situation today as the ... More for Scorpio
You want everyone to accept your authority without question no ... More for Scorpio
If someone has offended , insulted , or disappointed you , let it go ! Ask yourself , what good does it do for me to hold on
It's time to initiate an overdue conversation about a sensitiv ... More for Scorpio
You possess the necessary courage now to face issues that you ... More for Scorpio
You may have so much work on your plate now that you just want ... More for Scorpio
Money may not grow on trees , yet you could plant seeds today t ... More for Scorpio
You may convince yourself that your current goals are achievab ... More for Scorpio
You are a champion when it comes to withholding inconvenient e ... More for Scorpio
Emotionally connecting with your friends enables you to stay i ... More for Scorpio
Your reputation often precedes you as someone who is willing t ... More for Scorpio
You might not have a lot to say today , but youre plugged into ... More for Scorpio
I Just Won 7 Swag Bucks on www.swagbucks.com via
I Just Won 10 Swag Bucks on www.swagbucks.com swagbucks
I just got a $ 10 credit towards a Roku XD Player from and Click here to get yours : rokudeal
I Just Won 7 Swag Bucks on www.swagbucks.com : via
I just won 10 points on the SuperLucky Button ! Join me and you can win too : ( @Superpoints )
I just won 10 points on the SuperLucky Button ! Join me and you can win too : ( @Superpoints )
I just won 25 points on the SuperLucky Button ! Join me and you can win too : ( @Superpoints ) $ $ $ EVERY WEEK !
I just won 10 points on the SuperLucky Button ! Join me and you can win too : ( @Superpoints )
I just won 10 points on the SuperLucky Button ! Join me and you can win too : ( @Superpoints )
I just won 10 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
I just got cash for sharing my opinion
I just got cash for sharing my opinion
I just got cash for sharing my opinion
I just won 10 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
I just won 12 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I just won 7 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I just won 16 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I just snagged a free $ 5 Gift Card from the Swag Store at
I just won 9 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I just snagged a free $ 15 Gift Card from the Swag Store at
I just earned 4 Points from searching the web via
I just earned 5 Points from searching the web via
I just earned 3 Points from searching the web . instagc
I just earned 1 Point from searching the web . instagc
I received $ 10 PayPal . instagc free cash
I just earned 2 Points from searching the web . instagc
I just earned 5 Points from searching the web . instagc
I just earned 1 Point from searching the web . instagc
Nothing like a ice cold shower to wake you up right before you go to bed .....
I wouldn't wish anxiety on my worst enemy
Fuck this anatomy lab exam honestly
Will getting a brain transplant make me smarter
You were fake , I was great . Nothing personal .
Awkward moment when your ex boyfriend leaves a present on your front stairs ..... For your dog ....
you have a job you sloot DONTLEAVEME
* 2 new messages * mom : I love u mom : sorry wrong person
How is it possible that Leo has never won an Oscar ....
Glee always finds a way to make me tear up
Spring is never really "" spring "" in New Hampshire ... It's more like winter with a couple summer days tossed in here or there .
Worry , anxiety , and diseased imagination are the most formidable faults of Pisces .
Whatever you want to do , do it now . There are only so many tomorrows .
It's been warm out for three days and I'm covered in mosquito bites
Got my first bonus check today lovemyjob
These chipmunk edits on vine are killing me rn
WHY IS SEASON 10 OF GREYS NOT ON ANY FUCKING WEBSITE
Someone buy me this shirt plz
LITERALLY IM ACTUALLY REALLY SAD SO CAN YOU ALL NOT MAKE FUN OF ME FOR LIKE TWO SECONDS
"" Even though they released a single in the middle of the night it's still the fastest single EVER to hit 1 on iTunes "" hardcore fangirling
it was the best thing I've ever seen made me even more obsessed with y'all
Orlando Bloom is trending ? * checks it out *
Whoever did Solanges hair needs to be fired GRAMMYs
Reunited at last Get ready for a whole week of
We love you all so much
How did Khloe know my plans for tonight ?
Jen shows us that you don't have to have any brains to get your blog entry on to Yahoo .
So you are a lying , criminal wet back too ?
LOL on your page all the Castro was awful , all the while you are planning to aid child abuse and suicide . Hypocrite .
Then why are you tying to punish love , dumazz ?
Who doesnt love grilled cheese ? Add an avocado to your easy cheesy snack and enjoy ! GoodFat AvoSweepstakes -
Poor Billy Bob doesn't like the tables being turned . LOL
skrillex i think your music sucks donkey dick
seanhannity ur just a hater ... you know what they say haters are just going to hate SotU BarrackObama
that romney sticker comment was amazing thx for that one
Good morning to all I'm gonna go listen to some metal make it a good Saturday morning LoL
Buddy I had to retweet that last tweet about wealthinequality after I saw your gas price picture
Selfie ... b * tches
Univision's variety show "" Sabado Gigante "" is ending after 53 years on TV :
Thxs bro I will hit you up
The Lebron Brothers Pura Musica Salsa Musica BestBlackAlbumCovers
Looks like Bernie Ground and pound game is taking its toll against Hillary DemDebate
I resigned from the DNC & amp ; endorsed to be our next President and Commander-in-Chief . Here's why :
Nasty Nas in ya area about cause mass hysteria .. FeelTheBern
Bernie Sanders : Integrity Honesty Wisdom , A Man Of His Word . Fighting BernieStrong
Let's be honest , the biggest waste of your vote is to vote for either of the corporate political parties . ImWithJill
Google . His accomplishments are there . You are just a Republican washed Democrat . Hillary on the other hand is a con artist
so did i .. so why didnt you vote for bernie this time around if that was da case . thats not consistent in your ideology vote
Verizon workers are striking for their livelihoods ! We stand with the VerizonStrike . EnoughIsEnough
get you a hack who can do all four
Where was a DemocraticSitIn to oppose the Iraq War ? To overturn Citizens United ? To halt mass deportations ? Stop drone b
Michael Jordan speaks out on police shootings : ' I can no longer stay silent '
more ppl in the debates please
completely true nobody mentions that
your an idiot for assuming i think jill is great you douche . i just said hillary is terrible n might lose which is possible :)
is that the same look your gonna have when Trump lies about everything he said lol . And p . s I'm not a Dem or liberal
That headline is so misleading and false . Wow SMH there is tragedy going on in Venezuela . Nothing to do with Trump
They steal all our tax money . We get taxed to the hills here in CA and we have crum
Instead of paying those high taxes for govt Corruption there high saleries , p
Trump : I was "" wire tapped "" CNN : Haha . That idiot thinks he was wiretapped . .. Six months later .. CNN : T
Coatsey jst said lb for lb Rinaldo is best hitter he has ever seen ... just awful .. #onetoomanyamstels
Simmonds / t . Johnson bucciovertimechallenge
all the little birdies on jaybird st love to hear BCT go tweet tweet tweet
You're welcome Bob ! It sure is ! Lol , oh yeah there are some real jerks on here . But Ive made some great friendships on here .
ikr ? ! And scratching the wall smdh
Buttercup look the last 2 tweets fell right on top of each other ! BCTFuckery
I'm watching The Santa Clause 2 ( 43 others checked-in ) GetGlue TheSantaClause 2
2012TaughtMe that family can be a curse and blessing at the same time
yes kind sir you are one in a million . Lol i remember that quite well . Is that you & amp ; Dave ?
I'm watching Hardcore Pawn GetGlue HardcorePawn
I rarely ask , but id appreciate all my TeamBautista sisters sending prayers & amp ; positive chi to my son . Please & amp ; thank you .
Happy New Year ! May you & amp ; your families & amp ; lives continue to be blessed , safe & amp ; happy
Best friends have conversations impossible to understand by other people .
Thank you , I love it :)
Lol , im so glad ! !
I'm watching Super Bowl XLVII ( 20900 others checked-in ) GetGlue
I'm listening to "" Sweet Home Alabama "" by Lynyrd Skynyrd on Pandora pandora
gonna a hell of a night
I understand . I will keep u updated . U may have to call the warehouse
I would love to see take on Big E Langston ! ! RAW
holy crap yes we are
Just got today's SouthBeachTow sticker . Get yours in the next 3h : 54m . tvtag SouthBeachTow
Dave Bautista , hes amazing !
liar , liar pants on fire lol :)
I'm raising money for Praying for a little help . Click to Donate : via
I love this game ! Just received my daily reward in IceCreamParadise ! Play now
welcome to life without a meal plan . Meet my friend ramen .
never feels good being the only one in the doctors office under the age of 60 .
can't believe this gorgeous weather !
pleeeeeeease tell me you'll be in daytona ...
Mom wants to pick sticks out of the woods to "" make it look nice and pretty "" welcomehome
can i move to a beach yet ?
brio with the fam , wine , bruschetta , lobster bisque , chopped salad , sitting outside enjoying this evening ! countingmyblessings
yeah it was my birthday party ! shitgotreal sorryforpartying
my doctor asked me how I got pink eye . I started explaining ... well I go to ud . Her : "" daytona ? I went there too , I get it "" daytonaproblems
going to minster with chattykathy to see bring on the poolside beers and tunes !
its kind of like a combination of mildew and love . i would describe it as luscious .
Me : "" I'm gonna go make a sandwich "" "" make two and ill give you all my money "" fattweet sundayfunday
Going to milanos to do homework with alcoholproblems cantstayaway
Last UD parents weekend as a student , welcome mark and laura , celebrategoodtimes whendidwegrowup ?
After sniffing me , "" you smell warm . You smell like christmas ale "" seeyatomorrow
Garden of the gods , CO
Last night she let the party get the best of her head first in some foam whatsnew
teeter totter , but really , weboughtazoo jaykay
spotted in myrtle : patty & amp ; joe at the mullet hut
Glad the all-star game is done cramping everyone's style and we can all go back to rooting for our respective teams rolltribe
Followed immediately by a place called "" the world famous climax "" , no explanation provided whereami ? onlyinpittsburgh
Jess is coming to visit tonight to watch full house , eat popcorn and play the dark game . Or something like that
Whoever said owls are wise should ask the owl that was sitting in the middle of the road what he was thinking when I ran him over w / my car
For the first time ever I want to say this sentence : "" thank god I moved to Pittsburgh "" thatisall
Mark : "" Laur , the only thing that looks better on you than that dress is me ""
Watched the sunset from the top of Table Mountain tonight ( the newest seventh wonder of the world ) .
Pipes are freezing here in Southern Botswana with last nights low at 28 degrees Fahrenheit both outside and in . TIA needs a big old ? today
The santa claus is on ! loveit christmasisclose
Kids put on a great black history month cocnert today ! Very inspirational ! BMHS proudteacher
Just watched an amazing story on DJ Hayden . Inspiring to see his will to overcome the odds . Pullin ' for you brother . He
The gift my girls gave me at our banquet tonight . jvturnervball 2013 So grateful to have been able to coach them
That awkward moment when you realize your the only one in anytimefitness flakeyfriday
Never be tired of doing the right thing because at the end of the day it will pay off ..
Who ever said running a half marathon was a good idea
Me and amabrams found the matching necklaces we will wear to prom
finally someone that will understand my Zachary Levi chuck obsession
wait until you watch season 3 , it was literally the greatest thing I have ever watched in my life
I will make you fall in love ! Buy me food ... it won't be that hard
THIS IS WHY THIS SHOW IS PERFECT
DANCING AROUND MY HOUSE ALL ALONE BECAUSE USA AND YES SO HAPPY I COULD CRY
Connor just walked up and said how do I look
Wow my heart hurts for Messi the poor guy
This one commercial keeps coming on where a man gets picked up and taken away by a bunch of birds and I laugh way too hard every single time
Starting part 2 of watch this show until a couple gets together ... team Ben and Leslie
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOURE PRETTY COOL I GUESS
wcw goes out to the lovely abrams sisters
The things you hear while watching the world series with adults ...
I think you're having an allergic reaction to being away from me
So the hobbit was amazing and it may or may not have been way more emotional than I was expecting ...
Book Harry is the ultimate sass master
Im so glad I have friends that kidnap me and force me to eat delicious foods on my birthday
The women that plays Ms Darbus was in chorus line when she was young and holy cow she was gorgeous and could dance and im so shocked
I have never been more excited to sleep in my own bed
I find it unfair that gets to go to actual work and get paid but I have to work for our parents for our grad party for free
Hello bae I don't think we've formally met
When bad habits resurface ... mcdonalds after a rough day
If anyone is wondering I am free to go to the game tomorrow so feel free to invite me
Dead week ... more like I'm gonna be dead by the end of the week am I right
We're dividing people , what is going on , why am I here , help me
Baytowne with the real baes Baytowne Wharf At Sandestin Beach And Golf Resort
I am so sorry to disappoint all of you but I failed the challenge ... While this has been very trying I will come back better and stronger
serial killer documentaries and chill
While Trump is politizing NewYorkAttack important to note Uzbekistan was not on his Travelban list
A very polite way to call Jeff Sessions a f * cking liar .
Russians modified DNC e-mails to make them seem worse than they were . Wikileaks propagated . Trump mentioned Wikileaks 164 t
Received $ 4,551 , 146 from the NRA
The Paradise Papers reveal how multinational companies avoid taxes and how the superrich hide their wealth
Here . Hold this for us
2016 unwanted physical contact 3.1 Jessica Leeds ( 1980s ) 3.2 Kristin Anderson ( 1990s ) 3.3 Cathy Heller ( 1997 ) 3.4 Temple T
When working full time at minimum wage brings home $ 250 week problem is wages not workers . Do you think the real economic
Rep . Steve Cohen : "" We believe that President Trump has violated the Constitution and we've introduced five articles of im
Double-figure scoring from four Jayhawks helps KUbball to a 34 - point win over South Dakota State !
Liberal Groups Are Beginning To Call On Al Franken To Step Down Don't you dare quit , Al ! Lock y
This seems almost as significant as the TIME person of the year kerfuffle
current treason tally : FLIPPED : George P , Zarrab INDICTED : Marafort , Gates FCKD : Flynn , Flynn Jr . , Kushner , Pence , Don Jr .
Rt and ask about Putins daughter ? Did he disclose that he did business with Putins Son In Law ? ? RESIGN
Actually it looks like Mueller calls the final shots .
Dear just want to point out that when you say you "" love the taste of liberal tears "" .... That's not tears . Its s
Any women in the wanna chime in here ?
POTUS is rallying for a racist Senate candidate & amp ; attending opening of the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum ON THE SAME T
The Obama effect : The U . S . economy , heading toward full potential for the past eight years , gets there without a sing
Why were millions of fake comments sent to FCC , including half a million from Russian addresses ? How do we know wa
John Fugelsang on Jones win : African-American voters did more to help working whites than Trump did all year
FBI agents spend long hours interviewing witness
School psychologist Mary Sherlach ran towards the shooter to try to protect the kids SandyHook 5yrs
The Revolution will be live streamed
Medicare , Social Security , health care , food assistance , heating aid , and VA benefits . Those are the dollars that Paul R
Uranium One is Fake News Uranium One is Fake News Uranium One is Fake News Uranium One is Fake News Uranium One is Fake
Happy Wednesday fam ! It's another perfect day for Spin Codes to get ' em + 1 gets the $ 100 code !
Hey , here's an invite to play Lucktastic - enter to win $ 1,000 , 000 . It's FREE to play !
2BM3RC Grabpoints has me hooked just like a fish ........
Earn instantly when you enter today's Perk Code , SHOP , here :
Get free gift cards with GrabPoints ! Start with 500 points with my invite code - 2BM3RC .
What charity would YOU donate to if you won $ 100,000 ? ENTER & amp ; help support a cause that's meaningful to you :
My favorite thing is that T-bone steaks .
I could spend the holidays with FREE airfare on Lucktastic !
La vida es como un Boomerag , todo lo que uno hace tarde o temprano se regresa .
Got the Madden 13 kit for you guys ! to win and Ill pick winner tomm ! Whos the best in Madden this yr ?
Dude when are you getting back on the air ? I have a void of sports and laughter . ripsportshangover
I just hit big on BingoBash Fortune Wheel
Hi . I just submitted a ticket request
any reason why my recent inserts will not load ? I got a thread and award winner on dunk . Pics will not load
US government will only understand when it all crashes down and neither party can blame the other ... just there inability to act ! ! !
I just unlocked the "" Just Desserts "" badge on
alright ganging up on me is not acceptable behavior ! !
how'd Courtney end up in this tweet ? ? ?
distracted ... the conversation hasn't been interesting til then ! ! BOOBS
best available .... not much on ! ! Good glass of Pinot though .. what you all drinking ? bored
Aren't you a little short for a pigtrooper ? Leia AngryBirdsStarWars
FLEX ffn Terrance West or Knile Davis ?
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an NYCC 2017 exclusive Dengar Pop !
Youre an adult now . Me
When you drive home and surprise the dogs nothing is better than that
I can't handle feeling like this
haha it'd be so awkward like hello where's my ring ? Also super impersonal I need the real deal
Take your sister to work day 2
I feel like I'm having a quarter life crisis . Someone buy me Mexican and tell me I'm pretty .
This not being able to sleep thing has gotten to be a real pain in my rear .
I can't tell if this time of year makes me want to fall in love or never see another human being ever again .
Language has a funny way of meaning absolutely nothing when our actions don't align with our voice .
how to kiss a boy grab his waist slip your hand in his pocket steal his wallet dont even kiss him just run
We've all got a problem .
Netflix and chi ... cken nuggets .
I got you . CatifyAPunkAlbum
5 - year-old : No one else in the whole kingdom could fit in Cinderella's shoes . Me : I guess not . 5 : What was wrong wit
Where do you work ?
I want that emo love
Merry Christmas to you and your family !
Really come on already !
trying to load - taking forever
LOL me too ! :)
ok I believe it about Simon but Roger ? no way !
you and me both lol
I think that's the one I have too
kind of reminds me of Fifty Shades of Grey - although Christian and Ana never did it like that LOL
LTD TIME ! RECKLESS , 1 sexy Renegades by AZ : BN : APL :
$ 25 Blog Tour Giveaway - Enter to win an Amazon Gift Card or Paypal Cash - Cranberry Bluff by Deborah Garner
Want to win PLAYING WITH PLEASURE PRE-ORDER GIVEAWAY ! Enter to win one of ? I just entered to win and you can too .
IReallyDislike When People Lie To My Face
It feels so nice to be done with work for the day .
I have lost SO much respect for oomf ...
The people that you care about the most are the ones that make you the angriest
Life is all about risks .
Can't wait until my birthday . TeamIPhone
Daddy Love Bash Sebastian Wiz Love Father Son :-)
It's crazy how much you can miss someone .
"" Who could I be a stunt double for ? Holocaust victims ? "" twitterlessjimmy
Not speaking to you , nope .
YouDontKnowTheStruggleIf you had your car given to you .
If taco bell delivered >
I really just want new people in my life . I want a group of friends . people who don't know anything about me . kinda like a fre
we can be friends . lmao
Man I wish you knew .
I hate the smell of mustard .
I don't talk to anyone anymore ..
The Taco Bell employees know me way too well ...
if you're using ios 7 and your battery is draining like hell , go to Settings > General > Background App Refresh > switch
oh it's ok , don't text me back . that's alright .
I haven't had my phone for 2 hours and I was hoping I'd come back to a text or 2 . but i had absolutely nothing . normal
This gets me every time I look at it
The perfect winter weather warm-up . if you agree .
I'll tell ya what , if this season was one of those old Nintendo systems , I would hit the reset button , blow on the cart ...
oh my ... only our family . : 0 )
PSA : My Birthday is in exactly one week - begin to plan accordingly ; 0 )
if it wasn't for the people that make me laugh and smile on a daily basis i doubt i would have made it this far blessed
"" But when we have the courage to share our stories what we struggle with , and what weve learned , we change lives . ""
Not even a little sleepy ..
The dog days of summer ... Mister Hank is pooped !
Alright Pettibone I see you ; 0 ) suchacutie gophils
whatever . I'll stick to my alumni gear I got at the half of fame
Keeping my fingers crossed that zinfandel isn't dead .. can't afford to get ride of that thing even though it's been a love / hate relationship
' Perfect ! ' ' Fancy ! ' ' Wowza ! ! ' ' Beautiful ! ' ... yea I'm feeling really blessed right now : 0 ) I have the best friends : 0 )
Sometimes all you need is one play . FlyEaglesFly
I would have gotten you 4 extra points on Wu-Tang ...
"" Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world . "" RIP Nelson Mandela .
Excited to be reunited with the grump on Tuesday : 0 )
I would give anything to be with tonight . MamaMissesYou
Being a bitch is easy . Being a bitch and making people like you at the same time ? That's success . BitchBrunette
Kevin Grow , an 18 - year-old with Down syndrome , drained four 3 ' s on Senior Night . Hes now a member of the
If he's dumb enough to walk away , be smart enough to let him go .
When Papa Glance texts me from downstairs to tell me That Thing You Do ! is on ... lovehim bestfriends
to spread the word : we're donating $ 5 to EVERY TIME you mention PartyPink this week !
A relationship is more than finding the right person , it's also about being the right person .
Okay ... that shoutout from my boss ' s boss just TOTALLY made my hellish week 1000x better :)
"" @GolfDigest : Nooope ! No thanks . WTH ? !
Ready for fall , cooler weather and football
Welcome to the SkimmLife via
DIY art crafting glancepaintz handmade homemade homedecor cardinal lancasterpa lancastercounty
I what's discussed on this podcast . SURELY there has to be a re-trial ! FreeAdnan
First painting ever .. Not too shabby ! datenightpaintnight teamHD portland
Wtf did I just watch
Retweeting this literally takes 1.8 seconds
when someone says ten years ago i think about the 90s not 2006
* gets a 0 on assignment * grade : goes from 89 to 54 * gets seven 100 ' s on assignments * grade : goes from 87 to 88.3 *
My parents went on a walk earlier and my cat followed them down the block & amp ; sat there for 30 mins until they came back ... That's real love
i think the whole track team needs shirts like this
R . I . P . Arizona
The cast and director of The Breakfast Club , 1985 .
How many times did my feet go around the ball ? !
Pokmon GO is just SO FRICKIN AMAZING
Good news : the house has wifi Bad news : the house does not have good cell service inside
Cross country update : schedule has changed : Practices are 5am on MON . and FRI . Tues / Wed and Thursday is at 7pm GoHusk
Lol no Lakeview team is closer than XC , we see each other like every 12 hours
gotta get those thighs warmed up
im so excited for homecoming and spirit week
To Alice Paul , Lucy Burns , Susan B . Anthony , Inez Milholland , Ida B . Wells and millions of other women : I am indebted to you .
Eddie Redmayne showing J . K . Rowling the Bowtruckle he received from a fan at the Fantastic Beasts premiere MY HEART
how bout 28 retweets and u delete this
I may be imperfect but I'm still trying and that's all God expects . People should follow that .
THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER HAHAHA
HELP ME PLEASE . A MAN NEEDS HIS NUGGS
I'm tired of being sad for stupid reasons lol I am wimpy
suicide hotline 1-800-273-8255 1 person ends their life every 40 seconds will u take the time to retweet this & amp ; possibly
Him : * understands my vine references * Me :
Oh you know just on the Converse website design some shoes .... obsessed !
Not sure I can handle another day home with the kids .... they keep saying "" They're bored ! "" And we haven't even lost power yet
Shhh don't tell but I'm currently jammin ' to Jonas Brothers .... butimanadult
Well one day to deal with my boredom ... the app ! It's official , I'm addicted !
My last photo before bed ! Sean Taylor we miss you everyday ! redskins tribute 21
Right ? ! ? ? ! ? ! ? !
Home Alone with my girl ! I'll take it ! mylifeisawesome
A letter 6 - year-old Jack Pinto's best friend wrote him . Newtown SandyHook m ...
I'll be on you team ! ! ! gomanilli werenumberone
Beaches is on ! ! ! OMG tear jerker time !
"" Are you on druuuugs ? "" "" I don't like your attitude "" "" What else is fuckin ' new ? "" mycousinvinnylove
Want to party ? From My Grey Desk Blog is hosting one and I'm going ! You should too ! linkup valentinesparty
itsascoldas vanilla ices vanilla ice cre ...
Yay ! Congrats ! You're amazing ! !
Prepping posts for Fashion Week ! ! ! !
I'm seeing a lot of similarities among the pieces from the S / S collection
PORTIA AND ELLEN ARE THE PERFECT COUPLE . CAN WE JUST WATCH THEM .
Barbie is currently my life right now . paintingmachine imabarbiegirlinabarbieworld
{ Blogged } Did you linkup your manicure post yet ? ? Do it here :
I've waited for a big snow storm all season and now it's coming at the worst time ! Really ? ? ? ?
Another linkup is underway for your monthly subscriptions ! What did you get this month ?
* NEW POST * is my SundaySpotlight guest ! Come check out her post & amp ; see her AMAZING artwork ! dcfash art
On the Road to awesomeness ! !
Reading ! ! ! Oh he is soooooo cute ! ! ! ! coltonsmom 1702
New recliners and apparently they have been claimed already
Imma gunna be a singer
Magical drink ? dontmindifido disney
New hair and so in love !
and her twister dancers getting ready to go on for onpointdancecompetition
Awesome ! Now you're on to something .
Get caught buying those two items & amp ; be prepared to be followed by Chris Hanson . Just saying .
and i don't really get off on calling individuals racist . but man , just calling the letter racist is stopping way short .
We can gentrify anything . Dont test us
this bitch wants a Splenda daddy
The things you'd only say around close friends & amp ; never in public because you don't want the world to kn
Thinking Thay I might Have sold my Soul to ...
No one is outraged over these Viking Halloween costumes mocking Nordic culture . outrage
Starbucks to become an LGBT ' safe place ' -
In Netherlands , Nikolai the walrus couldn't believe his eyes when he was presented with a fish cake on birthday
Color Blind Man Solves Rubik's Cube in 5 Seconds
[ first day as a bartender ] Customer : gimme a scotch on the rocks Me [ scrunching towel into glass ]: I know lemonade , I can
"" Who's cooler , me or you ? Why are you laughing ? "" - @darthconnery
Laughing uncontrollably cause the steak n shake lady said to go to the second window and there's only one
It's funny to me how everyone is just starting to realize how shitty Americans treat us Arabs , like honey you're not woke , you just woke up
It's also not OK to have 4 panels on voting and group all racial identities into one caucus and expect it to be enough NYFLC 2017
Is the NSA watching my burger
I love you too dear now go sleep a ton or I will pull this van around
Johnny Cash - Sunday Morning Coming Down
I've been thinking about what my friend said after a Lovely hangout when I told her everything and she said "" Wow , you love hard ""
Forgetting how to speak English for a moment is weirdly validating as a bilingual bcs its like .... okay my mother tongue
Oh my god for a second I read this as if you had written a book and just finished writing it and I was so hyped
. @DollarGeneral will help me pick regular skittles ! So tasty . SkittlesChooseYourSide SkittlesAtDG sponsored
Bing FTW ! Join Bing Rewards and search with Bing to earn free gift cards and more . BingRewards FreeRewards
The movie Id host is outside with all the trimmings . Evil Dead of course ! eBayTeam sponsored
Wow , if I only I could go hang gliding with a mouth of Listerine . BringOutTheBold LISTERINE sponsored
Tell us why Jif Bars give you some snacking peace of mind . PeanutButterHappy TeamJif sponsored
The Swedish Fish Theory is not about bribery . Its about showing your appreciation ! SwedishFishTheory sponsored
Write a love letter to SPLENDA Naturals Stevia Sweetener . splendasavvies sponsored
My favorite is the peanut butter waffles . TeamJif sponsored
Drool ! Combining PB spread and chocolate is so delicious . TeamJif sponsored
What about Silk Unsweetened Almondmilk TastesLikeBetter to you ? SilkCrowd sponsored
Silk tastes best to me when I have it with my breakfast ! SilkCrowd sponsored
Awesome ! Nexium ! SeeHeartburnDifferently with NEW Nexium 24HR ClearMinis and Save $ 3 ! ad
With Febreze , I love to smellebrate my own home ! crowdtappers FebrezeCrowd
Phone off till 9 . I can't deal with all this stress right now .
I'm so glad I've had Mrs . Thomas for English the past 3 years ! She is the cutest
I wanna do something !
Guess who's not sleeping tonight
I need to focus on my grades more this grading period . Especially in ap history
Carrie Underwood ... please donate your legs to me .
thanks ! You too !
Another Thanksgiving dinner .... It's December 8th
I like it short like this bit I was just looking at pictures of my long hair
I'm at the mall when I should be at home doing my homework .
Falling in and out of love , ashamed and proud of , together all the while .
I'm not reading this dumb story .
Breaking news : The steps outside Bierce are finally done !
Don't be mad cause I'm doin me better than you doin you
take me to a Gloriana concert
Women studies changed my perspective of so many things .
To save my money or get wedges
Sorry to all Aero employees , I will look like crap at this meeting
So proud of Dante ,
I want starbucks but it's so far away
It's the little things that mean the most .
Anyone wanna binge watch fuller house w me later ?
hmmm .. come to think of itLet's do a $ 100 Spin Code giveaway today too , THIS TWEET to enter !
no but really . I'm eating lunch and the other people in the restaurant think I had a seizure .
my kindergarten teacher would tell us , "" I'll give you something to cry about ! "" and brandish a ruler . Public school in the 80s .
Read a thousand books , and your words will flow like a river . Lisa See
"" Be the bigger person "" I can't , I'm only 5 ' 3
Sometimes you have to accept the truth and stop wasting time on the wrong people .
Redskins LT the 6th best OL in 17 with an overall rating of 92 :
"" True diversity is diversity of thought , not diversity of color . I don ' t see color . "" Really ? ? ? ChildPlease
They're winning Halloween so far
Love has a way of making you feel like you're going insane . Takes ahold of your every move , but a simple slip could take away everything ..
Lmao what a dumbass . Naw , she has someone else write her script and lets her read it right ?
When I have kids I really hope I have boys ..
If your personality is shit , I don't give a fuck how hot you are .
thanks Mark Nasr ! ! Lol
dis bich jus swalowed a ps3 controler
Apple juice falling from her lips , took a little sip ..
I love more than you
This was like money when I was a kid
Male dolphins have been known to separate female dolphins from their families and deny them food until they agree to mate . damn
I freaking hate allergies :/
It's times like these when you realize who your true friends are Realest tweet rn .
My mind seems to always wander at this time
Been having a lot of dreams with you in them recently
If I see this before we head out .... we ain't headin out no more
"" Jimmy why are you being so loud back there ? ""
Fifty shades of grey is romantic only because the guy is a billionaire . If he was living in a trailer it would be a Criminal
Damn that's a hard hit
You only hit me up when you want something
The more you watch the funnier it gets
I've been sick in bed all day
Four and a half seconds away from quitting my job
LET ME LIVE MY LIFE
Give in to peer PRESHER go HESHER
valentines day can suck a dick
BY THE WAY I TRIED TO SAY ID BE THERE
"" the weather is amazin , even the birds are bumpin . ""
IV's whole world is stopped to honor those we lost this weekend . I don't even know the victims , but I miss you guys already .
my life is in shambles
thanks tumblr I needed that
do you still need one ? !
I hope my turts outlive me cuz I really don't think I could live without them
all my dreams are so twisted tonight omfg what is wrong with me
wake up I am making pancakes
I'm so tired I freaked out cause I thought I forgot how to tie my shoes . I'm wearing sandals .
my family describes me as "" funky "" uh ..
I'm just kiddin trey trey it's all love here
Cody : "" I just need a snack "" * eats three more complete meals *
maybe one of these nights I will go to bed and not have any nightmares
my remote hasn't been working for like a week and I was about to get a new one and then I changed the batteries and it worked adult
my neighbor is either actually coughing up his lungs or puking and I'm not okay with either
[ someone having a heart attack ] Me : is anyone here a doctor ? Cheerleader : no but cheerleading is a sport
i wish i was 50 pia coladas deep in Hawaii rn
also I'm so sorry I'm really obsessed with my bunny
I sent my mom my next single today and she said it's my best song ever
I would give my right foot for some garlic bread right now
also low key pumped tho
aha so hows the weekend so far ? owo
im good looking forward to break tho . u ?
woot ! ! good luck finals
I CANT SPOIL IT BUT LIKE ALSO THERES A PLOT TWIST AND ITS THE BEST PLOT FUCKING TWIST EVER
working hard ! ! bg by maddie
Corporations are not people .
please dont ever let this die
I did it look on my profile
can't wait for the boys carpool karaoke next week .
LOUIS ' FONDNESS I DIED FROM THE DEAD
louis didn't get the dagger tattoo for nothing
haha doctor who ? ? ? yes im so cool
what the hell they could literally stare each other and call it a day i hate larry good morning
Haruhi Fujioka ( Ouran High School Host Club ) is non-binary .
Louis and Harry were apparently seen at Primrose Bakery this morning . ( via
Harry : Louis , laundry isn't that difficult . You just put - Louis : * hangs up * Harry : that .. little teletubbie bitch
Zendaya ( Rocky Blue / KC )
Congratulations you took pizza and made pizza
I wonder what today is
Thank you for your kind gift , I saw it and I think you're amazing . Thank you . H
Took my phone to get repaired and apparently the battery was broken due to condensation from my ' steamy showers '
I wonder what it's like to feel like this ? Like actually oblivious to everything .
Not an "" outing "" but it's clear that Louis has some distaste for management , I wonder why ?
She loved memes so much that she become one
in a long list of everything that brings me joy , you are first
Bored To Death vs . Neighborhoods Tap to vote
Was awesome to run into our good friend Ben in Columbus after the apmas
Melania Trump is sticking to script Literally .
Jason Garret idiot dumb stupid awful terrible shouldbefired ruinedmyweekend
Los campeones no vinieron hoy ! ESPvsNED the champs didn't show up !
maybe feature police / firefighters as a tribute .
he looks so sweet ! I suggest "" Wiffle "" , my BFF used to have a kitty named Wiffle and he was a sweetie ;)
Happy Christmas to all !
I hear you , I went a bit overboard on ebay this weekend :(
Why can't daylight savings time start at 4pm on a Monday ! ?
the true spambots I block
Dear can you pls release Joss Whedon's AVENGERS screenplay , in hardcover , w / pics , sketches & amp ; commentary ? Than ...
good morning ! I love these weekly "" walks "" !
Cancel Avatarland now . Make Indy-land and Star Wars land .
Tigger ! Or the Castle :)
Anaheim PD says dry ice in plastic bottle exploded inside a trash can at Disneyland . Evacs but no repor
Sign on a church : God is like the wind , you can't see Him but He's there . Another one said : Always being made new .
He has shown you , O mortal , what is good . And what does the Lord require of you ? To act justly and to love mercy and
I went to target :)
thanks for making me laugh even though I'm NotD 23
it was crazy ! No going back to sleep after that one
Realizing that some twitch streamers don't deserve my money nor support . Well , fuck you . I won't be resubbing . Ass .
I took a survey and was rewarded with $ 0.50 . There are 8 daily surveys available !
Feelin sadness for OK this morning . Time to roll up sleeves and get on knees . Be strong guys we love ya'll . PrayForOk
But the fruit of the Spirit is love , joy , peace , patience , kindness , goodness , faithfulness - Galatians 5:22
have heard what you have done with a MAW kid , a helmet and hooters . I have gain a lot of respect for you . Keep up the good work .
hey Emily just giving you a shout out . You have been the best bachorlette ever .
Clean up on aisle Phoenix ... bring some anger management counselors while you're at it . NASCAR
I am trying to view videos for NCA Atlanta I keep getting playback error . I tried other videos and got the same thing help lol
what does not kill us makes us stronger ! Love my Labels My Patents , Best staff ever ! Tomuc ...
We needed the sprinklers to come on at Daytona when Juan hit the Jet Dryer , Bad timing .
Wonderful Hats is a wonderful collection ! Envy me and complete it too ! iPad iPadGames GameInsight
I Will Gladly RT Your Link ! I Just Ask That You Please RT Mine As Well ! Thanks !
I like to fill in .
STINGRAYS clap clap STINGRAYS ! ! ! ! !
thanks to clouds we won't get to see it
. @Brooke_Gunn always scaring his reaction kills me haha ! ( Vine by
The Premiere of is tomorrow on If you love Cheerleaders , you won't want to miss !
Scary sight for 2016 opponents - UGA RB Nick Chubb running in Sanford again . Thank you for this beauty , h
baby elephant excited to say hello
taco cat spelled backwards is taco cat
While is on track for practice , I hangout and entertain the coach lot .
Elvis fans ( count me as one ) are particularly sensitive about the many versions of Big E . my favorite being
I can't wait to see my luggage again ! sent it on a personal trip of it's own to get to our final destination . I hope .
when you get comfortable around someone and start showing them your weird side
Get 608 via please via
Money doesn't buy happiness ? Well it buys a jet ski . Have you ever seen a sad person on a jet ski ? It's impossible to be sad
Stupid man flu , let me sleep please
Tough lark this being a utd supporter . moyesIN tho
Me belly and me really arent friends
why does uk products always get dicked when comes to price compared to the states , would quite like the new xboxone in june but still to much
4 tshirt . Im a high roller
What's in a number ? History . Tradition . Excitement . Expectations . Adnan Januzaj is mufc's new no . 11 .
Thoughts with Jules Bianchi now . Waiting for more news JapaneseGP
feel like a bus hit me in the night
oops giggsys got his rug out
In career the formula a is 19 rounds long ;)
assuming this is you on twich ? link ? ? ?
Great day with time to top it off with a all you can eat Buffet
time to go and get my fav lady
pleased I'm not the only one , mid carders everywhere with no storylines
The fun starts now ... Here's the first 2016 F1 car .... @WilliamsRacing
yeah chrome comes with server error and safari just a white screen
fuck I miss this shop
That game we all used to play
3.6 seconds in one lap SingaporeGP
no watch dogs in today's post ! Sad times :(
Getting up at 6am to go to the gym is tough
Monaco week . Prepare yourself for a LOT of tweets featuring boats .
Thoughts are with the stylin ' , profilin ' , limousine riding , jet flying , kiss-stealing , wheelin ' dealin ' son of a gun ""
I think this guys comment proved your point about accepting lies
Doing something I should have done ages ago . noregrets
So much homework . Getting a lot done . Then reading the most inspirational book ever . bible thegospels
Cornell interview . soscared . collegedreams
Best four hours of sleep in my entire life ! NOT ! Beta event then a crazy night ahead ! ! ! GODISGOOD
Do not worry about tomorrow
She under estimated just who she was stealing from . There is nothing I do better than revenge . Gemini TaylorSwift
a broken heart from what ? My heart is broken because its not March Madness yet tooyoung livealittle
Music helps keep your memories alive .
Upper respiratory infection ! I'll take it ! ! ! A lot better than bronchitis . sickofgettingsick
When people wake me up when I am trying to sleep , I will be very very mean .
I like old horror movies , the exorcist , the shining , haunting of Connecticut , sinister . There aren't any good ones out now :(
I live by the sun and love by the moon . gypsysoul starchild
You got me feeling some type of way . Like I'm drowning and you're my only source of air . goodtimes
Tony Stark has over 50 different Iron Man suits , including a Thorbuster and a Hulkbuster made just for battle against
Flying back to Santa Barbara tomorrow morning , school is calling my name . WinterQuarter SundayFunday
I Swear Girls Love SleepingLike This
Can we all just talk for a second about how Arya went from stabbing people with needle to slitting throats and carving out eyes ? GoTFinale
G'DAY MATE ! That's 8 for 8
Love yourself so much that your aura rejects anyone from your field that does not know your worth .
I hate when you have to go to the hospital because your body decides to stop working and start killing you .
Glad I went and helped a friend and she had a great date today because of it
You tweet the same shit everyday .
Follow & amp ; to enter the XboxPAXSweepstakes ! PAX NoPurchNec . Ends 9/8 / 16 . Rules :
I don't care how much you hate Trump , if you ever say something like this , you've lost my respect .
6 MILLION FOLLOWERS ! ! ! ! !
Hahahaha ! Backed up that booty right on him . SHOTS FIRED I win .
I liked a video GTA 5 PC Online - EVERY BULLET COUNTS ! - ( I'm an innocent fly ! )
I added a video to a playlist Turn Off Your Mind | AMV
I added a video to a playlist Dyro X Goja - Alive
So , that collab w / Is Cyborg cancelled , now that he went back to his roots ?
Best Friends For Life DontLetGo
I liked a video Flatliners - Movie Review
I liked a video Hardwell & amp ; KSHMR - Power ( Official Lyric Video )
This was me who tweeted it . He got me so good last night it made me rage but I didn't like the negativity from the tweets h
I liked a video The Empire Strikes Back ( The Last Jedi Style ! )
I liked a video The Problem with Rick and Morty - GFM
I added a video to a playlist Ryos feat . Envy Monroe - Discover Love ( Radio Edit )
One week left till the official release of Trust , including the remix ! Havent pre-ordered it yet ?
I liked a video Nicky Romero & amp ; Florian Picasso - Only For Your Love ( Extended Mix )
I added a video to a playlist Hardwell - We Are One ft . Jolin Tsai ( Official Video )
Guess who decided to Stop by for some ol ' TTT fun ?
Im at a restaurant and my song is playing and Im dancing internally but staying totally cool on the outside . Cheers everyone .
Wherever you are in the world , it's time to follow Protocol !
I liked a video Tisto - Live Ultra Music Festival Miami 2017
Why is it my mind can develop all these ideas for stories while I'm out and about and unable to write them all down , bu
Overwhelmed with all the amazing comments about my progressive house ep also big thanks to ,
18 years ago I played my first platformer on my PS1 . In 4 days my first platformer game releases on the PS4 . Proud moment . ht
I liked a video DubVision & amp ; Afrojack - New Memories
On Dec . 14th , the is scheduled to vote to roll back netneutrality . They should delay the vote instead . The massiv
Nice Photoshop job StarWars LastJedi TranceWars
20 years ago today ' Electric Soldier Porygon ' aired in Japan , causing some seizures in children and leading to Porygon's
I liked a video 17 REASONS WE HATE YOUTUBE with Evil Craig
Taylor swift's new cd >
I LOVE YOUR BIO SO MUCH THAT IM TELLING YOU ON HERE TOO
do I know who ?
is she ok ? :(
Why am I up so early
HAHAHA WOW I ACTUALLY helped
You're gonna be great .
Always trying to keep warm when you're the sun
your account will always be my favorite
I'm that kid in the Polar Express who just points and screams "" ELVES ! ""
Remember in high school when u could bring in a box of tissues to bump ur grade up and now u can offer ur soul and it '
fall out boy / / young volcanoes
Congratulations ! ! My eyes are damp with how happy I am for you
Tell us how silky , smooth feet could change your life ! AmopeCrowd sponsored
Nothing can stop me when I take Advil , not even running fastadvilfanatics sponsored
Tell us why you cant wait to share ARM & amp ; HAMMER Truly Radiant Toothpaste ! AHcrowd sponsored
Wholesale $ 99 Laptop Special CheapWholesaleCloseouts.com - dealspl.us via
Ab Lounge Sport - SportsAuthority.com - dealspl.us via
I don't have a single dude follower chickmagnet
I feel like a million bucks , but my money don't really feel like I do macmiller
hey we r pretty addorable twins
I think that means the Bluetooth is on , not for sure though
If you hash tag impatient , it really looks like I'm patient which is the exact opposite of the point you were trying to ...
are you regular or pre ap ?
Your twitter has slowly become more and more "" G "" rated because of who is getting a twitter and starting to follow you ..
Shoutouts to and for being the best churchill soccer fans
David Luiz though ... incredible
only if you'll remember me once you're famous
the one on the left ?
Does anyone else think it's weird that if we want an egg we have to buy them 12 at a time ? ?
In high school when someone asks you for help on the homework
5 floors , seems risky
me neither = 0 )
I woke up on the wrong side of bed - - really , I apparently rolled over before hubs came to bed .
Oh goodness . That is a scary looking contraption
I was the pastoral intern at two UCC congregations last summer .
Can you spread the word in your worlds ?
thanks for the RT !
I think I said this a little more generically , but I'd love to receive your call story for my book .
It's ' s birthday ! Happy Birthday to my favorite sis-in-law !
I rather like the single space . But then I got used to it about 10 years ago . It was hard then .
ha ! indeed . As Jr . Asparagus would say "" little guys can do big things , too ! ""
s'mores is otay , too .
Yeah . And I'm happy to listen - - I just want to do so in real time - - not after the fact quotes ! = 0 )
Baby Evie is a woman of valor !
I am overwhelmed . gratitude
My snuffy nose is not helped by the steam heat of my office . dry cantbreathe help
I have a family member wanting to get "" The Modern Magnificat "" in her church library . She attends a Southern Baptist church . Love it !
Just realized and Mark Driscoll have the same publisher . Huh .
Told last week that every minister needs a therapist , chiropractor , and massage therapist . I like that advice .
Thanks ! I'd love to chat with either of you . I = state of confusion .
changing language can take practice-and failure-but it is good and important work
Note to self : next time you self clean the oven , make sure there is an escape plan .
I want my little girl .
Yeah . Tired from only about 2 hours of sleep , but really only feeling light cramping at this point . Left voicemail for nurse .
luckily , no . I came to this unfortunate realization on my own .
Help while her family is furloughed : dessertisland
It's ' s birthday ! Happy Birthday to the best sister ever ( other than me , of course ) !
And you'd certainly pee soup after eating it . . . particularly if it is broth-based = 0 )
tbt those glasses . Those socks .
is being attacked by Monday ! Get it off me , get if off me ! :)
who am i going to have race tweets with .... lol
would be great if i actually had ESPN classic so i could watch the pre - race show hoping the race will trump the tennis if it's not over !
preseaon new stadium ... watching ?
can't hang til the end ... night night all
with you and and all that leadership in the building ... go inspire the offense ... defense is kicking ass !
There is no doubt of the 3 I want to win the chase ... but my "" duck "" really needs a win ! ! ! NASCAR
If the tattoo still means virgo then I'm still a virgo ... right ? ? ?
really ... really ... Danica just took the provisional pole from carl ... wow
The "" Beavis and Butthead "" of Roush-Fenway Racing , Trevor Bayne and Ricky Stenhouse Jr
how far do you think she will travel ? ? ? ?
what's going on in ATL ? Watching the race ?
let's go ! ! ! ! 31 is coming ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
how did you end up there ?
that someone would be good ol ' "" happy ""
Check this video out - - The OFFICIAL "" Run This Town "" Video via Let's go 99 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
ESPN pulls Hank Williams Jr . from Monday Night Football after he compares Obama to Hitler - - >
I think I'm going to cry
What happened with "" molly "" does she have a new home ?
Are you watching this madness ?
Morning ! You're one of the drivers I haven't gotten to meet & amp ; get a pic of at the allstarrace - hopefully this is the year !
And the Race to Miss the Chase continues 99 nascar
hey smack the crap out of for giving us all heart attacks for 10 laps ! Then give him a high five ! ! nascar
3 wins amazing congrats ! ! !
Wise nascar man . Do you have any contacts that can help me find a travel package to kolbalt 400 Only need airfare & amp ; tix no hotel
Halfway through Round 1 of the best paint scheme of 2017 tourney ! Up next , "" Cars 3 "" scheme vs
It's okay if you're struggling with mental illness , and it's okay to seek help . Neither is shameful . Your feelings are val
I'm hiding in the brewery with 6 pro brewers at BVCBF BTW they ALL loved my Fla ...
Excellent ! I was afraid they wouldn't be . Ordering one now ! Thanks .
Drinking a Headwaters Pale Ale by
Already ? ! I guess you guys really were sitting on lots of great material ! Can't wait for more !
"" I can't go back to yesterday - because I was a different person then . "" - Lewis Carroll
Load outs can be so boring sometimes .
Merry Christmas , brother ! Thank you for all that you do !
Great seeing you too ! =) Anything I learned was left behind with my beer menu . It remained on the table . Drat .
Pills don't create immorality . - Ron Paul . cnndebate
"" don't knead your dough too much , cause that leads to co-dependency . "" thatsthetruth
Are the Yearbook songs listed on their respective EPs in the order in which you wrote them , or are some arranged for effect ?
fingers crossed that the new computer I bought for the release arrives tomorow !
Just did the rest of my shopping for Tuesday's Potluck Pre-Thanksgiving ! Woooo !
... well , I mean , if you were gonna be nearby anyway ...
good beers in hand tonight - 077xx double IPA by Carton and an amazing IPA by Captain Lawrence ...
Sweat also told invesigators that the original plan was for a prison worker to drive the escaped inmates to Mexico
Getting there , thanks ! Hope you have a great day , wherever you are !
Soooooooooo Sufjan just covered Drake ... That's a thing ...
Chicago : Loop theatre folks : there were armed robbery attempts at 5 Loop parking garages last evening , all by same suspec
Day 319 . Lights out on a vivid sunset . GoodNight from YearInSpace
Bless you , Loretta .
The single most difficult job in America right now . debatenight
BARBARA WALTERS FOR PRESIDENT 2020
Women's march in San Francisco is absolutely massive .
Landmark transgender rights case sent back to lower court ; NCTE responds
do you follow ? cause I feel like you should .
Me about to unlock my mans iPhone X with his face I just cut off
Oh . Hey , thanks ! You rock too ! You can also do the thing ! Yay !
You deserve to be adored . If the person you're seeing isn't making you feel special , move on .
A much needed tribute . Thank you
FREE SHIPPING MONDAY THRU MONDAY SHOP
ik ! miss you too bro . we gotta hangout soon , otherwise I will die .
I thought it would be different this year , but i guess some things just never change
go cry now rivers .
Omg I hope obama wins Ohio
If you show me that you care I will do the same for you
I wish I had a car so I could leave this house
I never stop laughing when I watch Drake and Josh
Don't ever watch the food channel when you're hungry
More then 100 pages behind in this book for english , horrible
Sarah won't take me home and I hate her
Let the game begin !
Why are you so dressed up ? It's Sunday and raining
"" That's what happens when you put a Democrat in office , you get the Hunger Games "" wise words of a Republican
Free bird by lynyrd skynyrd is such a good song
Ugh I don't want to work on this beautiful day
being insecure is such a bad feeling
for Boyz N Motion Fav for One Direction
I MAY HAVE SMALL BOOBS BUT I HAVE A HUGE HEART
I'm sorrrrrry . I gonna miss you though
People : "" Why don't you comb your hair when it's dry ? "" Me : "" idk you tell me .. ""
This game is giving me so much anxiety
4000 Scientists : climate change is real America : lol no A rodent : goes back to sleep America : wow ! gonna be a long
Uhmmmm 90 % of normal everyday activities
I mean a girl with two , pink round balloons and a blue , long one on the guy
I think it could be a really good thing ya know ?
Watching "" Who Wants To Be a Millionaire "" and the lady had such an easy question
Someone text me I'm bored
why not ? IDK , I guess after some toxic friendships I kinda suck at relating and taking with kids my age .
GirlsLikeItWhen you at least try . No girl expects you to get it all the time but try and make up for it when you can't .
Guys guess what ? My mom is the editor of the Communique but she has no idea how to use the correct software to EDIT the Communique
But at least I have food
Like I didn't mean anybody I meant someone I know , talk to , have ever let
hahaha yeah , what state are you ?
I'm at ( Washington , DC ) w / 5 others
Finally did my town meeting
it's better than mine . I did a keep calm poster with a pencil and sharpener .
"" Imperfect "" more like "" I'm Perfect ""
I wana go home but I'm too scared to
My siblings are freaking out over a spider .
Someone please hang with me , this break has made me realize I have no life .
Best . Sequel . Ever .
Apparently the some guy from Neptune was charged with attempting to aid ISIS .
When someone buys the dress you were going to buy but decided against at the last minute .
3 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
Ugh , I smell like a girly man .
Oh well , I'm done with this . Being here means less classtime .
I have been staring at my MacBook for like 10 minutes but I don't want to paper it because it's so pristine now .
And here I thought shooting all weekend only to find out I had no film in my camera was the worst of today .
okay , only reason I chose McDreamy is that he's dead and has like three kids . Also , you can't bring McSteamy back w / o Lexie
One of the ambassadors pointed out to a tour group that my Psych class was a , "" Real life TCNJ classroom . ""
Why can't life just be like Friends ?
Judging randos at Huntsville bars with John . My new fave thing
one month until my birthday ! ! ! 22 seems soooooooooooooooooo old .
SO EXCITED FOR ! ! ! ! ! ! One day we will both be super rich and it will be wonderful .
I just unlocked the "" Greasy Spoon "" badge on for checking in at diners ! Bring on the burgers !
I am ready for this whole day to be over so I can GO TO SLEEP !
Crazy awesome rainbow on way home from work
Dear friends , if for Xmas all you get from me is a goody bag of E ! & amp ; G4 swag it's not because I don't love you , it's because I has no money .
7-11 was cleaned out . Damn it ! Hostess
New card for anyone who despises Alabama or Notre Dame fans :
I'm at for A Good Day to Die Hard ( Los Angeles , CA ) w / 3 others
she said , every week while watching Glee .
Way to go on the dipped cone fail
hi friends ! starting a blog ( original , right ? ) check it out when you have a chance : thanks :)
Saw a pin on Pinterest for DIY pumpkin face mask recipe . It's probably the most white girl thing that has ever happened to me .
Wah I just saw a Cracker Barrel commercial . No fairrrr . I want ! ! !
Why wasn't I invited to be in soupofthewalkingdead ? ? I'm always there ! ! overtime TheSoup
Being a good girlfriend and seeing a sports movie ... ( @ AMC Century City 15 - for Draft Day )
theyre doing a full series marathon all week next week on air KUWTK
' Jersey Boys , ' ' Annie ' and ' Into the Woods'-it's the year of the movie-musical . Broadway's jump to the big screen :
The main reason I'm upset about my mom being out of the country is that we can't discuss BB16
yes ! I was totally blanking on her name . I wanted to say hi but I wasn't sure if it was a sensitive subject haha
Sling TV Survey : Little Market Awareness , Lots of Confusion with Slingbox
LOOKING TO TRADE FOR DIFFERENT SIZES . I have boom boom jumpsuit in XS & amp ; the upstream one piece in S .
Watch : Marvels JessicaJones teaser promises a feisty Krysten Ritter
I'm at Regal Cinemas Hollywood 27 & amp ; RPX - for 10 Cloverfield Lane in Nashville , TN
Trump supporters bitch about liberal bubble then turn to to hear climate change is fake & amp ; all immigrants are terrorists resist
do you think watches the ' Us Second ' videos & amp ; gets pissed at their mockery or doesn't get the joke & amp ; finds them helpful ?
When is America gonna get on this list ?
Area Man Will Be Judge Of Whether Woman Actually True Baseball Fan
Play Bowling King with me ! [ https://t.co / DMujI 2fqFs ] Bowling_King
BRB , re-watching this trailer 7293409382 0942 times ! PLL
First in line ! ! !
Jealous Boyfriend Pt1 ..... This is definitely me ..... Charisse Mooring JealousBoyfriend
The 12th Doctor has died
Here's a better version :)
Look at the lyrics dont tell me that ain't heaven sent
aww thank you so much :)
They could top it again
ThingsYouDontAccept The 11th Doctor telling Clara goodbye for the last time
The Amazing Spider Man 2 ( PS4 ) Chapter 6 Into The Lion's Den Super Hero Difficulty : via
Father's Day figure set 3 - Young Jackie Tyler - Baby Rose - Kid Micky Smith
No please he would never
But you wanna see what else happens
One day I wanna be as chill as Fred Rogers
Everybody needs a reminder sometimes :)
he's just looking off into the distance but y'all already know he deserves his oscar for it
Kingdom Hearts Final Mix ( PS4 ) Part 1 : Prologue Destiny Islands : via
5 friends wonder why they keep hanging out with Ross . ExplainTVShowsBadly
Here's a summary of Doctor Who
This parallel tho The Doctor must have god bad flash backs to when Rose was "" exterminated ""
Luke Episode V : I am not afraid Master Yoda : Oh ! You will be . You will be . Luke Episode VII :
Parallel thread Face the Raven - Time of The Doctor
If you say goodbye to me tonight there would still be music left to write what could I do I'm so inspired by you th
Headed to amish country today .
I'm earning mPOINTS in mPLACES .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
Check out MySuperFoods on Shrink and earn cash & amp ; rewards ! Use my referral link for bonus . MySuperFoods
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Blockrow Classic .
What I see while making dinner
Typing out my first draft . I love it when I forget about certain lines & amp ; then I make myself laugh . amwriting writerslife
Last day to get The Shrine of Arthis Book Two for 50 % off on smashwords amreading
Morning or evening to all . Happy Monday . New week with new possibilities .
811 , but that put me over my goal for today !
Added 3400 words onto my short story today . Now I worry that it will end up not being so "" short "" after all . amwriting amwritingfantasy
If a short story is a 5K , a novella a half marathon , then the novel must be a marathon , and a series an ultra . amwriti
writetip Just write . Don't worry about anything else . amwriting amwritingfantasy
"" The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing . "" - Walt Disney Action Adventure Choice JustDoIt QuoteOf
Grammar is a piano I play by ear . All I know about grammar is its infinite power DIDION amwriting Art Mcglothlen
Try our Pumpkin Spice Latte enjoyed hot or cold ! lakewoodny chq localbusiness coffeeshop
When do you decide to spin off a character into their own novel ? #amwriting amediting When an interesting untold story evolve
love the before pics :) take a peek at India-inspired , hand-blocked bedsheet + quilts for the room
I need a good reason not to go to mgsc 291 ! ! ihatestats
DjangoUnchained was the best movie I've seen all year . was great !
Instead of spending time studying the 15 minutes before class I'm playing temple run 2 . priorities
I decided it would be to mean to eat it so I wrapped it up and I can bring it to the house for you if you'd like !
You can have one ! I'm trying to decide if I want to get just cookies , or cookies and ice cream haha .
Is it weird that I kinda liked getting up at 5:00 am ? qtna productiveday
8 . I hate when I decide to get up early and make myself look presentable , and then not see anyone important all day ... whatawaste
This project is killing my "" yay it's almost summer time "" mood .
It would be great if could meet since I can't make it to the race ! !
Does anyone know if you can delete other people's comments on fb ?
if you wish you had a Minion !
Happy birthday to this cutie !
I say should coach Noah and Jaxon in rec soccer since they don't have enough coaches !
"" But we're never gonna survive , unless , we get a little crazy . ""
Hey our local shelter is going to shut down if they don't get help . Could you to help spread the word ?
If we gave away bacon I'd definitely go to more basketball games .
That was NOT fun .
What is this rule of 72 you speak of ? imconfused
Do homework , or watch a movie ? decisionsdecisions halpmeehh qtna
tbt to that time I caught a baby shark . readyforsummer
Coop and I are having a dance party in the living room bc I drank too much coffee
see , you might've won too .
So excited for the first game of my senior year , go Gamecocks ! gamecocks gameday
Rest In Peace sweet MJ .
Maybe I'll catch a bigger one today
BREAKING : USC offensive line coach Shawn Elliott named interim coach .
Odds to win next year's Super Bowl ( via Seattle 8-1 New England 8-1 Pittsburgh 8-1 Green Bay 10-1 Arizona
FOLLOW us and for a chance to win this karaoke machine courtesy of giveaway
Oops , again . Gamecocks Final 4
Cant wait to eat all of Bethanys birthday candy !
These last 5 weeks of class are going to suck ! Shoot me now !
So hungry ! Half an hour till lunch !
My No . 1 Twitter rule : Remember acronym H . A . L . T . If you're Hungry , Angry , Lonely , Tired or all of ' em ...
Watched two movies tonight , and it pains me to say that the Justin Bieber movie was the better of the two ...
Is it just coincidence that within the first five minutes that I am at work the other two employees go out for a 25 minute smoke break ?
"" Fantasy Football is all luck . "" - owners that have been eliminated .
yeah well you will learn that you can't believe everything you hear
I don't think you would see Jordan or Kobe out there congratulating and giving hugs after getting stomped on . killerinstinct
"" @shinguardian : The shark on the left is just happy to be there : haha
is calling a surprise onside kick right here .... SEAvsCAR
Why is every creature in the forest living in the dwarfs ' home ? dopeysrevenge
Never give up , great things take time .
Congratulations on the birth of your daughter RoyalBaby
when you see your replacement
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people . If they care , they'll notice . If they don't , you know where
100k Likes for Larry ! ! !
Sounds like teenagers need a serious wake up call or some better parenting .
this has come to my phone twice I don't know who it is or how they got my number . Don't know what 2
I think your tweet is worded wrong . I'm confused .
What we think is coming at Microsoft's Windows 10devices event in NYC
do you think this biuld is as stable as the one out now
Purchase any pass w / this linkhttps :/ / t.co / jQhjlnBCa 1 by 2/28 & amp ; youll receive an autographed TOOBUKU card by GRiZ
Watching the calendar count down to MovementDetroit ... 85 Tickets available at
Only a 2 weeks away ! Get your tickets now for this B2B showdown ~ MovementDetroit
So tell them the Lord has called you to be a spy and he's sending you to discover Satan's secrets .
Ok that was awesome .
In seeking validation externally , one avoids addressing their self-esteem issues . Avoidance solves nothing . Tackle it head on .
If you know you are doing your best and are happy others will try to sabotage your progress just keep going and pass them by .
We all have special qualities and if we have love and confidence limitless possibilitys await .
Having a fulfilling career is going to take work to achieve , but well worth it to love your work . JoshuaFranklinLifeCoaching
Good GOP Primary Calendar / w Delegate Counts . Trump 2016 MakeAmericaGreatAgain Trump TrumpTrain
Nattie its time for you to take that women's crown !
After learning from past mistakes slam the door on them and move forward . #JoshuaFranklinLifeCoaching
There is no shame in wanting or needing more in your life that is why we are the Life Coaching program for you . #JoshuaFranklinLifeCoaching
"" Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear . "" George Addair
If you fail 99 times get back up and keep pushing toward your dreams and make that hundredth try a success . #JoshuaFranklinLifeCoaching
Give yourself a break from anxiety and restlessness replacing it with positive goals you will not just think about but accomplish .
Your worth unconditional love and respect in your relationship nothing less . #JoshuaFranklinLifeCoaching
MayweathervMcgregor sending people who retweet this the link for the McGregor vs mayweather live stream
A beautiful fall day today with the perfect breeze .
If you cant jump over the wall take two steps back and plow right through it . #JoshuaFranklinLifeCoaching
me at the blonde girls in the hotel AHSHotel
BOOK RECOMMENDATIONS ONE TWO THREE GO
guess what i love most . starts with an ' m ' ends with ' errily we roll along ' .
When drama kids know they're gonna ace a test ... ( W / Amy Whitaker & amp ;
When I hear rumors about myself
when u find a dog at the party
WAZOR WOUNDS ON HER WISTS
THANK YOU THANK YOU . MUCH LOVE .
is this dress shopping with you know who
Its absolutely crazy to look back at old photos and see how much of your life you spent with people who are strangers
this sums up musical theatre people .
' scientists say that 30 minute ice packs can burn calories ' me : grabs four ice packs
I WAS ROOTING FOR YOU . WE WERE ALL ROOTING FOR YOU . LEARN SOMETHING FROM THIS .
"" that's my OPINION ""
so . i've been working on some things . & amp ; if you're a singer who would be down to sing a thing for a concept recording , smash that mf like .
Old habits die hardespecially when its life or death . ScreamAnniversary
it has been over a year since this was taken . punch me in the face .
my girl held herself up with one hand WHILE holding onto the phone with the other hand ... we're stanning
The clowns are pissed at me . Sorry , most are great . BUT ... kids have always been scared of clowns . Don't kill the messenger
ONLY IF YOU PEAKED IN HIGH SCHOOL ONLY IF YOU PEAKED IN HIGH SCHOOL ONLY IF YOU PEAKED IN HIGH SCHOOL ONLY IF YOU PEAKED
La la la la la La la la la la La la la la laaaaa
baby driver : the musical
For my sweet daughters 3rd birthday I will be throwing her a GATSBY-themed party ! She is so excited for a man to die in our po
Imagine trying to eat your food and becca from apple beta chi starts singing Christmas jingles on her chair like a fucki
windansbag losers have to take turns piggy-backing around the track at the belmont stakes
tell Dan it was ole miss not miss st that beat bama
Does anyone else think it's strange that Donald Trump's big pitch to evangelicals is that we can finally say "" merry Christmas
9 - year-old Cubs fan breaks down in tears when his father rewards him with tickets for hard work on family's farm .
Tennessee's most recent game vs each SEC team : Alabama - L 45-7 Arkansas - L 24-20 Auburn - L 55-23 Florida - L 26-20 Georg
We screenshot corny ass texts and send them to our friends , and laugh about how lame yall are .
ready to see my Bray Bray . YAY Braylen
First name Charli last name Wilson
"" @CarmikeCinemas : Retweettime For a chance to win a free 4 pack , retweet this pic . 8am ET .
Sneakers with a cool tux
"" @bluecollar_man : My take on the whole Phil situation . NAILED IT !
does my bestpass cover Georgia
Hey AprilTheGiraffe has a bigger crowd than you
This isn't the real Sarah Huckabee Sanders . Her stroked out weird face ass is on an actual verified page .
Free Total Wireless Reload Codes
Why does he look like a diseased potato
Why must these tragedies keep happening
I thought a trap queen was a super convincing male cross dresser . you've got some specific taste .
GRAND CENTRAL STATION HACK THE WORLD . HACKTHEGIBSON OVERRIDETHEGIBSON KILLTHEGIBSON
Why are fake septum piercings a thing now ?
I establish dominance by forcing my boyfriend to look at pictures of rare Neko Atsume cats while he's driving .
* scratches arms * Hey ya got any more of that Network ? You best get your servers back up before I go through withdrawal psn
Why would I spend my money on a wedding instead of cat furniture ? Because I'm engaged ? What's that have to do with anything ?
My male professor evaluations typically translate to half a page of PG worded "" Would I or Wouldn't I ? ""
Real talk : its not that hard . Can you Rollerblade ?
Woohoo ! V-JaM retreat ! ! ! soearly
That's about as fictitious as something ..... Uh ..... Really fictitious ... wisewordsfromgoretski
people don't even know how to do that in college ...
Hacer lo que mas te gusta ... no tiene precio ! ! :)
Apoyemos a la sele ! ! !
Socialdemencia ha compartido el siguiente enlace y ha comentado esto : "" Todo el mundo habla de paz , pero nadie ...
Mas accin , arriesgense y sientan la vida ! ! !
Reciclar es una de las mejores maneras de contribuir con el cuidado del medioambiente DaDelReciclaje
Glad I get to sit under a pastor , and more importantly a father , doesn't deviate from God's word .
Kum and Go has $ 1 sodas . Boom .
Priest takes leave after disclosing past in the Ku Klux Klan
The Eiffel Tower at twilight , 1932 . Photograph by George Brassai .
If you're the incarnate body of Christ , you shouldn't have to wait for the city to tell you to open u
So very well said . I wish it didn't have to be said . But , alas , this is where we are , aren't we ? EntirelyPredictedMes
I'm rocking world right now with this Scranton Strangler theory
Even the "" right relationship "" can't fill the void in your heart that was intended for Jesus .
Those of us who care about unborn babies and their Moms should care about the deadly water-poisoning in Flint :
Pau Gasol looks like an ostrich who is constantly surprised by its own shadow .
A cop fatally shot TommyLe hours before his HS graduation . He believed Le had a knife , but it was just a pen .
I just witnessed the wind blowing this ladys wig off ... that made my day
Now I'm not saying that and are the same person ... But I am saying that I've never seen them in same room before .
This might be one of the best videos on the internet .
it doesnt qualify bc she doesnt get on twitter . i consider this more of a im bored maybe she
Correlation Found Between Conversions To Christ And Smooth Song Transitions
This is an INT against 99 % of WRs . Julio just grown manned him
U . S . Flag Code Title 36 , Chapter 10 : 176 ( d ): "" The flag should never be used as wearing apparel , bedding , or drapery . ""
Danny Green put KD on a poster . SCtop 10
Breaking : Roy Halladay has died in a plane crash in the Gulf of Mexico off Florida . He was 40 .
so the bed bugs taking pictures for you then ?
Need your coach fired ? Just play against us and we will take care of the rest !
BREAKING : The Tennessee Volunteers have hired 13 year old Billy Smith as their head coach . He has a 203-2 career recor
Lil Forrest Pump ( 1994 )
Got two feet of snow .
Always nice to see my brother StacheBrothers 4Life
depends who you love and how much you love them .. I think .
But maybe , you were just too nice to me . Maybe it me way too long to leave . Maybe once we felt the same . Maybe I'm the one to blame .
yeah if she's gonna have piercings and tattoos and you know
hahaha stalker much idk I just want a nice butt and some boobs . Guys like them
having feelings for him Agghhhhhhhhh
TwoThingsThatDontMixWell you and me .
about the laws of attraction . Like how to live the life you want and be happy :)
hahaha no o meant that's what I'd tell the guy hahaha
primaryschoolmemories Say no more .
oh my god that thing !
awe tweet it a pic !
omg i c u ceeing her bewbs i c u and i c me to wtf
You can be the next pop star I guess . Mainstream and loved by teens . But no respect coming from singer-songwriters .
work on grammar and punctuation and point of view structure . It's very hard to read past the fifth sentence .
omg have you watched Made in Chelsea ?
hahaha ;) I really need a friend like you in my life . Here . In GA .
is it a he or she ? Hahaga sorry
My brain feels like it's going to f a l l o f f
because it's true and it upsets me a lot
awe thanks ! The lyrics are great !
And plays the guitar ...
Songwriting no the lyrics are not backwards . I'm so bored and stuck with a headache h e l p
Poem I wrote about Sinners and Desires
And Im not sure what the trouble was that started all of this The reasons all have run away but the
The tension harrypotter thegobletoffire harrypotterandthegobletoffire jkrowling jimdale
Exercise your rights to VOTE !
"" News for You "" by Eric Benet on
"" Come Here [ feat . Miguel ] "" by Talib Kweli on
My babies ...... Love them 2
When you wake up early , the day feels so much longer
why are so many people surprised kim & amp ; kanye named their kid Saint West did u really think they'd call him Tom or somet
Potatoes plz join so we can all meet each other ! The username is PoFamNow add then and put on notifications we are doing it at 7:00 pm ...
I have you as my cover photo on FB
Here's an empowering thought for today ... and beyond ( http://t.co / So3TYVa4tD ) inspiration motivation resilience
Spy ? Tomb robber ? Or time traveler ? TO BREATHE THE BREATH OF ISIS ASMSG
Learn the rules like a pro , so you can break the rules like an artist . ~ Pablo Picasso AmWriting AmEditing
I'd be happy to :)
thanks for sharing V . K . Sykes , have a great Friday :)
hopingtofallasleep after a day filled with a nasty migraine . G'night !
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect :) have a great Monday . ( via
Thanks a bunch for the follow !
Appreciate your follow ! Make it a great day !
Thanks so much for the follow !
Back atcha ' ! A few rough patches yesterday , but going strong today !
A wise man never wants to change his earthly life , because hes always happy with the life hes living .
Read To Your Children Awaken Their Imagination - kidlit IARTG RT .
Watching XFilesRevival with the family
ContentMarketing for Authors : A ( USABLE ! ) Five-Step Strategy by via
8 Steps to Writing a Book That Sells - by
Are you wasting your money on the wrong type of protein powder ? Read on to see - - > health
Fit moms make healthy families - it's a thing via by
Reaching Reluctant Young Male Readers
United's proposed settlement : An $ 800 travel voucher .
Laser focus as always from ... GloveBelongsInTheShow !
BOOM ! ! ! CONGRATS to Pick No . 25 to the GoBlue ProBlue NFLDraft
SeemsLegit ... JFK ... Camelot CamelotsOnTheMoon
Unforgettable day for me as I received my piece of paper and tigers got the series clenching
Hey , I just met you . And this is crazy . But here's some intel From an Israeli .
As long as no one guarantees anything .... we should be okay ! !
Watching hit at annual Saints Black & amp ; Gold softball game .. offense vs defense ... we're up 15 to 7 in the 4th
Good luck to all the baseball players out there realizing their dream of being drafted today ! I remember this day ht
The Vegas Golden Knights select Tomas Nosek from the Detroit Red Wings .
Beignets for lunch ? Yes ! Jax Brewery Bar
Man I pulled my calf muscles running drills with the boys yesterday ! ! I ain't nuthin
The Juice Is Loose .
I guess it's strange in a game full of rehabilitation and second chance stories found the 1 act that you can
"" ... For love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite . "" - Nelson Mandela
Check out this cute video of and a little girl playing . The full video can be found on our Facebook page .
Say a prayer for my teammate who was hit in the face tonight
Jeff Luhnow was optimistic entire month of August they would land Justin Verlander , but had doubts in final 20 min they'd
To sum it up : Zeke Elliott plays Sunday . Could get a restraining order to stay in the field this season . Could not get it and
Alabama has a freshman quarterback from Hawaii , and at least one fan is concerned
I can't imagine what kind of social media attacks these cameramen must be enduring after taking
Appears neither SP wants to stick around long ... tattooed that b
Is it too late to make basic United States Civics a prerequisite for holding Political Office ? ! ? TrumpFail
Play at the plate from was amazing . Even more amazing was the HUGE dip in his lip ! grinder #oldschool #WSbound
Zach Miller just blew out his knee while catching a TD
That happened to me watching with his sign
Giancarlo Stanton trade development : Sources say multiple teams told Marlins that Stantons contract ( 10 years , $ 295 millio
Look at these amazing cleats to be worn by Jake Rudock on Sunday ! ChadTough lions
If you ask me ... It looks like Shea Patterson is getting a helmet fitted ... GoBlue SheaToAA
What a great year . One of the things I'm most proud of is the expansion of my charity We hosted our
Reading this in Tommys voice > > > >
Nigga look like he playing Bop It .
I didnt shave :/ First of all , I got my clippers In the car I can line ya shit up easy . Lay down
first of all , this picture look like it smell like 10 pounds of meth & amp ; unwashed private parts
Yall niggas fat as hell
Y'all ever met someone who brought you comfort naturally ? Like when u with them u forget about anything bad and instantly fe
all ladies , take notes
Watching ur pussy being eaten is empowering
Im crying . Alec said imma just go ahead and tell on myself before yall do .
Says a lot about how they raised their kid ...
& amp ; we prefer you with money . so here we all are , dissatisfied .
sold a nigga two birth control pills now he on all his snapchat acting like he slumped
if a nigga says he don't want a relationship & amp ; u do but still try to pursue him , he is no longer at fault for the hurt u puttin
He gotta be paying you for advertisement . How you always got the Boonk exclusives
Asking myself the question would they do this for me ? prevents me from doing A LOT of things for people
I got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Ms in my bank account
wow if my parents had to find my twitter id probs be dead
this energy > > > >
or you could just not cheat ? dont nobody care ab them tears
lemme get started on this assignment * * two mins later * *
I dont know wtf dance he doing but that shit look cold and it look like it took him hella practice to learn it
Pornhub caring more about us and net neutrality than our own government
A years difference in my marker drawings
LMFAO this shit still so funny
* waits 4 answers *
There was an ancient civilization in Antarctica before it was covered in snow . Pyramids were also found there and during ww2 ,
Six years ago , The Weeknd dropped Echoes Of Silence . 6YearsOfEOS
I wont be here probs Lauren Anna and Najat ! You ?
It's crazy how much I don't even know about you ..
Mom hurry back with the bottle opener .
Night out with sus for her bday !
I fux wit u the long way
Freaking out over how cute Bentley is ahhhh
Best nap ever . Plus I had a dream that was a demon so that's always exciting
Where are lil mouse's parents
"" MEXICANO POR FAVOR & amp ; I didn't even take Spanish folks ""
Someone bring me iced coffee & amp ; i will be content
Someone motivate me to work out today ..
This time change is making me extremely happy
It's impossible for me to communicate this morning . All of my interactions have failed miserably
Damn it I was hoping it would all work out
Literally half of my class skipped why am I hereee
Why would i choose today to go to all of my classes ..
I wish Lauren would stop snoring
Spencer's a no bullshit kinda guy
I can't believe I'm about to work at a camp for 3 weeks ... For 10-12 yr olds ... Dot dot dot dot .... Ellipsis continued ...
hahah glad someone agrees ! They look so alike
Wow when I go to sleep at a decent time I actually wake up early it's crazy it really is
So thankful to have such a great friend she's the coolest cat
Like running into a mirror .
That's touchdown number THREE for KCvsGB
Ross Stripling . Pissed .
Just spent half of my Bart ride with my earphones in , but no music playing ............
GOOD GOD IM IN TEARS . YOU BEAUTIFUL HUMAN BEING . GOD BLESS YOU FOR YOUR MUSIC
Dis a pic of the game birds eye view . Lol we glowin
The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts while the stupid ones are full of confidenc
so what else you got going on besides getting drunk w me ? You working on writing ?
Well so much for thinking I might get to leave early tonight :/
haha nice xD I finished my bottle of champagne tonight
... there would be cosplay , belly dancers , mad tea parties , and possibly marTEAnies ( not all at once though )
something tells me every hour of work sucks lol but gl w the rest of your night
I just can't get over how dumb some people can be
Finally done w work ... Hate the first Tuesday of the month qq
I kinda feel like death :(
sounds like a good plan to me ;)
yeah I can only take sweet in small doses .
yeah I'm having some wine
And why is the person upstairs jumping ! ! ? ? ? ! ? ! ! !
Where did this huge ass bruise on my ankle come from ? ? ?
ooh that sounds fun xD
And today is already making me want to bang my head against the wall ...
This is how it feels ) O (
Merry Christmas and all that ... Not really feeling it this year AND I need to turn a freaking fan on its too hot in here !
I , Benjaminoftomes , fight back against stupid stickers on books ! to join the cause
It is a beautiful day in Gatlinburg , TN , today ... But really hot
It needs to be fall year round , I just love it so much
And I just made my own quill pen , haha the things that happen when I get up "" early ""
Sometimes u just need to close your eyes and take a deep Breath everything will be ok :)
now I know why all the rum's gone ! :) hope you enjoyed
Knee high boots for $ 14 heck yes ! shopping shows winning Plato's Closet - Mechanicsburg , PA
So much water hurricaneirma St . Marys , Georgia
A prudent person foresees danger and takes precautions . The simpleton goes blindly on and suffers t ...
Proverbs 16:10 A divine sentence is in the lips of the king : his mouth transgresseth not in judgment .
"" I know all the things you do , that you are neither hot nor cold . I wish that you were one or the ot ...
"" Every day is a new beginning , take a deep breath and start again .
"" The only people worthy to be in your life are the ones that help you through the hard times & amp ; laugh with you after the hard times pass ""
"" Love , and a cough , cannot be hid . ""
Failure is success if we learn from it .
A person without self-control is like a city with broken-down walls . ( NLT ) - Proverbs 25:28 God has g ...
SENDING A "" HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA ! ! LOVE YOU , MISS YOU "" TO HEAVEN ! !
Peter I 4:10 As every man hath received the gift , even so minister the same one to another , as good stewards of the manifold grace of God .
Psalm 19:7 The law of the Lord is perfect , refreshing the soul . The statutes of the Lord are trustworthy , making wise the simple .
And all who have been united with Christ in baptism have put on Christ , like putting on new clothes ....
Some people are always greedy for more , but the Godly love to give ! ( NLT ) - Proverbs 21:26 It's very ...
As iron sharpens iron , so a friend sharpens a friend . ( NLT ) - Proverbs 27:17 God created us to be rel ...
You have a mighty arm . Your hand is strong , and your right hand is exalted . ( Psalm 89:13- 15 )
Colossians 2:6- 7 : Therefore , as you received Christ Jesus the Lord , so walk in him , rooted and built up in him an ...
To those of you who feel that White people shouldn't post in ThingsGhettoPeopleDo , ghetto is a status thing , not a race thing . Learn .
Christina Aguilera is a "" Fighter "" ... but not a fighter of carbs . NBCTheVoice
Cheer up . You could be a bum or a crazy nut who doesn't even OWN a t . v . or a computer for that matter . They can't wat ...
Yo , Durant ... looks like you'll have plenty of time to play Doodle Jump . Doodle Jump ? NBAFinals
Jewel : "" These foolish games are tearing me apart "" . Guy : "" I sank your Battleship fair and square "" .
Chipper Jones ' locker room speech ... not quite Gene Hackman . ASG
. @realjeffreyross Thanks for the roast preview tonight at Very cool .
IAmNotARepublicanBecause I don't have a closet full of tweed jackets .
My dog is standing by his empty food bowl , staring and barking at me . Speak English , Dog ! I'm not a mind reader .
. @AdmirinBiebers so what you're saying is ... we couldn't have gotten them all at the same time ? MissedConnections
The winner of this VPDebate is going to be whichever candidate lets out the first Shiva Blast .
Ha ... my dog gets to live another night . FinalDebates NailedIt
I'm imagining Alex Smith is singing some John Fogerty on the sidelines during today's game . PutMeInCoach
it's my "" I wanna be at the dome real bad "" face
Jenna put Bru in a TuTu . BruBru BruTu Dog
LeBronJames wins the NBA MVP again .
How is James Gandolfini dead when someone like Paula Deen is still allowed to drink butter like it's water without consequence ?
311 311 311 311 . It's almost time . Atlanta 311ATL
improv 4humans onstage at the LA Podcast Festival . Watch it live on
Eating Oreos with a fork like I'm Bill Gates or something . classy
The view from lunch today . Day 2 in tortola . cayamo sxmliveloud
Can't fall asleep . Is it a trend if it's been going on every night for 29 years straight ? Discuss .
good ... hope so ! I don't want any retirement talk from him .
Yep . My Instagram account is going to be a little different now . BryleeNova Northside Hospital
All incorrect for the time each photo was taken . Some are close . But hey , at least it recognizes me
Scott re-living his Ribbon Dancer glory days in the production office on GronksPartyShip mlvyv
View from the dressing room in Salisbury , MA . Blue Ocean Music
yeah I could have done without that . See ya .
Her last day as a 1 - year-old . bryleenova halloweenbaby
That's a wrap on Taste Of Country Music Festival . Next up ... Mountain Jam . You know ... ' cuz mountains and stuff .
interested in our magic wand that removes uv from fluorescent light and brings out the true colors of the universe - tweet me !
Destiny is not a matter of chance it is a matter of choice . www.natralitefilters.com
Awesome , unique product www.natralitefilters.com
Keep it simple - the best product for warming up fluorescent light-melanin filter tubes for T5 , T8 , and T12
Making fluorescent lighting better and safer ! - - Natralite Filters
Making fluorescent lighting better and safer !
you have a friend in us as our followers have been increasing ! TODAY IS MY Birthday :) Thanks Steven
Melanin Filters | Westchester County New York
my friends have lost an average of 5-20 I only have a few gift cards left to give out , message me because they are going fast ! !
Whats the best that can happen ? - Unknown
thanks for sharing Divas Insan , have a great Saturday :) ( insight by
thanks for sharing World Surf League , have a great Monday :) ( insight by
Welcome to Natralite Filters !
thanks for sharing Premier Lampshades , have a great Tuesday :) ( Want this FREE ? > >
Do you like Slot games ? Get Xtreme Slots for FREE ! Xtremeslots
thanks for sharing Future , have a great Monday :) Grow followers
play the Toronto Raptors vs Indiana Pacers game with me in FireFan . Download the app and come play . It's a blast !
Idk why I'm so sleepy today
cuz dumb asses dragging me in shit when I have not a damn thing to do with it and it's pissing me off
Well didn't win anything from but had fun tweeting tonight . I've got to pack so goodnight all TasteTuesday
Please tell me this shit ends today .... I'm a twilight fan like no other but THIS crap is a snore fest gh
When she finds out he ordered a hit out on Amanda .... revenge
The devil stay busy in my city .... my God
Can your heart explode from loving a person so much ...
Me and Goobs were out and about today .
I just entered this NaturallyCurly giveaway to win curlyhair prizes ! It's easy , click here :
She can be so damn mean .
Take a look at Verizons new smartphone case from the katespade new york collection ! fashion vzwcrowd
SmileBrighter w / ARM & amp ; HAMMER TrulyRadiant - Save money on family of products FreeSamp
Koryn has that rasp in her voice that just touches you . She performs from her soul , you just feel that shit thevoice
She took out the whole clan without getting any blood on her hands Revenge RevengeFinale GoodbyeRevenge
The iPhone 6S Giveaway | StackSocial via
I just added this to my closet on Poshmark : Women's Boyshorts . via shopmycloset
Thanks so much for the pizza last night ! It was delicious ! singlelifedelivered
Forget cardboard and plastic , o . b . tampons are discreet OBelievers sponsoredob
Cant wait to try out this hair dye ! MyOliaStory GarnierCrowd sponsored
Almost done with my #sponsored mission with obpros gotitfree from the bzz . bzzagent
Avoid the battle of nightly homework with these fun tips ! Sponsored -
Just Dance - panic at the disco songstoshare SongsToShare
If I could change my bed set every week | Shopswell
What a great time ! My girlfriends and I had an awesome Sunday funday with Palm Breeze ! VacayEveryDay Sponsored :
Have to vote for my boy from Orlando ! VoiceSaveChristian TheVoice
When I was younger my dream was to become a famous singer . dreamjobbzz bitesizedbzz
Yum ! Who else wants these ? ? SunbeltBakery BakeryFreshFriends Entry -
comes back and goes ahead 9-8 on a RBI single . Heading to the seventh inning .
Melo tells lebron , "" bro , I don't even leave the hotel when I'm in Cleveland ""
I congratulated you in person today but its not official until it sees social media right ? ! Welcome to ChiSox nation my man ! hah
I make my music strictly for the purpose of driving at night time . "" -
THROWBACK TO OBJ STEPPING OVER JOSH NORMAN AND MOCKING CAM NEWTON'S DAB
"" Now I do what I want . "" nyfw whynot fashionking
Coulda swore I just witnessed termites run across Hillary's smile Trump 2016
Watch tackle a stage-crasher to the ground at a recent show .
That's when they smile in my face
I just told who I think is winning . Cast your vote now ! Debates NBC 4DC
Nothing more annoying that sitting in your own house , deep in your phone , and then realizing you haven't been on wifi the entire time
If an egg is broken by an outside force , life ends . If an egg is broken by an inside force , life begins .
Biggest plot twist of our generation
Usher Raymond chaaaain , it's too chilly
Pour up for A $ AP
I bet you won't like and retweet because you're too ashamed to have a picture of the BIBLE on your timeline .
I'm still posted up where you first found me .
Hoppy Easter to everyone out there , especially Hawk Hill . Hawks wrap up the regular season with games against Penn thi
Porzingis just deleted a tweet saying "" LA Clippers "" Knicks fans right now :
"" 2K in real life "" one of the most accurate I've seen
Rather die on my feet than live on my knees
me pretending to have 5 years experience at an entry level interview
Im just one human being , but I believe each one of us has a responsibility to contribute to a happier humanity .
Breaking : NFL reinstates WR Josh Gordon on a conditional basis
My coworker told me he got banned from a bar when he lived in North Dakota back in 1973 and didnt try going back to it for
So glad I got to see some long lost friends today too ! Miss you
that's like saying you love Alabama . sinner
Instead of looking in the mirror and focusing on your flaws , look in the mirror and appreciate your best features ... everyone
Believe it or not but I've been a Michigan St fan since 6th grade . My mom's boss always told me about them so I learned to love them too .
Let's go State ! RoseBowl
On the bright side , pitchers and catchers report this week !
FEBRUARY 27TH . Stand with us . Use your influence . Join the FIGHT for FREEDOM on SHINE A LIGHT ON SLAVERY DAY ! enditmo
Paralympic Hockey is definitely the most interesting sport I have ever watched . Seriously they have no legs but still play !
Sorry can't go to school tomorrow have to mentally prepare for premiere of ed's first new song since 2011
I love seeing people in book stores ! It helps restore my hope in humanity !
Being normal is for weird people .
Since when is the sun a planet ?
Just As I Am ! ! !
TOUCHDOWN TENNESSEE ! JOSH MALONE !
Folks hate when you aren't who THEY want you to be . Focus on being who GOD created you to be . THEY'LL just have to deal with th
SEC Network apologized for language picked up by mics throughout the game . The camera went straight to DonnieKnoxville
Exclusive pic of Tennessee's secret weapon :
2015 Cardinal All Stars Holliday Peralta Yadi Wacha Rosenthal
First Saturday of the school year and I've done 10 hours of homework ... with no end in sight . Can I graduate yet ?
My granddaddy emails me when he needs to tell me something blesshim
nooooooooooo ! ! ! ! !
It's the last time we'll play at Turner Field so it's only right that we leave it nice and clean . Cards sweep the Brav
Eye doctor : "" Which one is better , 1 or 2 ? "" * Can literally spot zero difference * * slowly has panic attack * Me : "" 2 ? ""
FINAL from Heinz Field : PITT 42 , Penn State 39 . WHAT . A . GAME . H2P
Cause Ive been away for a bit heres two singles rather than one - Castle On The Hill & amp ; Shape Of Youhttps :/ / t.co / QuZMnEhS 8
Thoroughly convinced that Avril Lavigne is dead , Brittany Murphy was killed by the government & amp ; Lady Gaga isn't Lady Gaga . Thanks Twitter
Let's see how many Tennessee fans jump on the Memphis bandwagon today
Ive heard the story of Jesus birth a few dozen times , but I seriously cried watching The Star !
I . Can . Not . Deal .
Can't wait to get things off my mind in the morning .
Old messages kill me .
I'm bored so rt this and I'll tweet you what I think about you
She is cooler than you . Truuuuu
If anyone talks to you in a flirty way , they're dead & amp ; I automatically hate them no matter who they are .
Still confused on why I care ..
this may be the dumbest conversation I've ever had
just cancel school tomorrow , just cancel school forever , it isn't worth it anymore , the weather won
It seems like every time I pick up my phone , my mood slowly gets worse and worse ihatesocialmedia butineedsocialmedia
go tomorrow morning ! That's what I'll be doing !
rt if u real and keep this on
This world is so hypocritical it's unbelievable .
thank ya thank ya ! !
when bae tries to leave
There's only so many times that you can say "" I'm sorry "" before it stops describing how you feel & amp ; starts describing who you are ..
Wellllllll my life is over .
Never fails that if I'm having a good day something's gotta ruin it
id agree if you'd actually text me back for once
"" There's normally a cop sitting right up here "" GrowingUpInASmallTown
Fav if you think he should shave his awful mustache
The class of 2016 gets screwed over in absolutely everything
yaaas but you can't because military .... same lol
when carbs are your only solace in this cruel world
Ne lazes mene , lazes sebe - Poprilicno sam siguran da lazem tebe
yo .. you don't follow the real Franky Ocean .
You know Nike owned Umbro until really recently . They just sold it . That might explain the change . justthrowingitoutthere
Michael BEASLEY is amazing . G . O . A . T . jk D-Block is . ( spelling was wrong last tweet )
LIL B LOVES YOU - Lil B
Big pimpin down in C . L . E .
Just fooling around in Autzen .
lol how many Grammys did your boy win ?
dude I am doing accounting right now and CANTFIGUREITOUT
Let's go Florida Gulf Coast ! Guy is wearing kobe grinches ... and they aren't fake .
"" On your marks . "" * yawn *
HIV positive ... how you ask ?
Who plays music this loud in a restaurant ? ? ! lol
For anyone in Toronto , CashMoney is offering a $ 200 cash advance for only $ 20 right now
Soooo who's got a car and wants to drive me to Red Robin tonight ? You are welcome to come inside and eat with me too .
Josh Gordon just went all Josh Gordon on the Patriots . 80 yard touchdown reception from Jason Campbell . CLE lead NE 19-3
trying to catch up on the walking dead and I'm confused as how Glenn got fat
Lovin me some Curly Robinson .
Feeling good about this one . AlIinCLE GoCavs
Also ... The Big Mac isn't as big as they say
That 10k was a MASSACRE OlympicTrials
Crazy hidden messages in sports logos you might not have known about :
. @AmyWatchuDoin made my bit moji thing . Plz give me your feedback
This isn't a joke . Also I don't have a title yet . open to title suggestions but wont be taking them seriously
Excited to finally be able to share our film , House for Sale . Check out the trailer below HFS
thanks for sharing Wonderland Magazine , have a great Saturday :) ( insight by
Hello everyone , have a great Friday ! looking forward to read your tweets :) ( insight by
thanks for sharing Jobs Norwich , have a great Friday :) ( insight by
thanks for sharing Mandi James , have a great Friday :) ( insight by
Hello everyone , have a great Monday ! Looking forward to reading your tweets :) ( Via grow followers )
Hello everyone , have a great Monday ! Looking forward to reading your tweets :) ( Want this ? It's FREE !
you need to come to iowa c : me an my friends are Dying to see yoy guys ! ! ! Save a life here ! ! ! ~ you guys
why do people keep starting shit on here ? And if you dont like botdf then dont post its tht simple so ppl plz calm ur tits >_<
;D ) have u noticed all of the band is hot ... O_O
i want ! ! ! ! !
cant wait for you UNOers to come back up and stay in the 6man
To be the shit you gotta take the shit - Jamey Daily
It's a disappointing day if I don't wake up for 90s at noon
Tribal says Jay-z killed tupac
hey now that's not very nice ...
clearly Christine and jessica are both 3rd wheeling it
Join our rush team and other actives . indulge in a plethora of various meats and non-alcoholic beverages as we show our ...
I've lived almost two decades and still haven't accomplished anything in my life ... Besides joining Sigma Nu , the greatest house on campus
holy shit Christie bargstadt is ADORABLE
The girl and guy in front of me on the bus are having the most awkward conversation ever and I'm lovin every bit of it
my favorite Devaney moment is when Andre made eliason his bitch
Classic jake stokes move eating my whole birthday cookie while I'm gone for a day ... asshole
The fact that a modern day Rambo is hiding in the woods in Pennsylvania scares the shit out of me . Gun his ass down
Why so far though man
Son my math teacher the real mvp
Por qu quieren chicos chicas a hablar en espaol durante las relaciones sexuales de todos modos ?
I found my green box replacement
Nothing beats sex with the right person at the right time in the right place .
Welp time to make them mama day calls and shid .
Regular sized Rudy is the goat
Hate airports with a passion .
Yo I'm in a fuggin bad ahh mood
Like a rose that grew from the concrete
I just had to get that off my chest
What happen to my way
I hate working but I like being able to buy stuff whenever I want
I been sick all day .
Idk why I'm in such a good mood
I wonder if Tay saw that
Y'all pray for my pussy , my bank account and my phone . They're all on a drought
Tonight's "" black-ish "" ( police brutality and The Talk ) is a stunner : bold , real , and more moving than the show has been yet .
Oh my no thanks I'm a vegetarian
Gymming and filming with all day ! Maybe if you're lucky we'll hop on cam too . Hotties DoubleDomme
Bad album cover , post from a year ago
Add me on Snapchat !
It's hard to build artificial intelligence , so in a weird twist , Facebook is building AI that builds AI
I'm taking over snapchat & amp ; social media for the screening of the finale of See ya there on Sunday ! T
Actions are what speak to people , and secure those action-takers as leaders of more than an industry
Beware the job stealing robots !
Check out this hilarious interview I did with UmgasMagazine ! You will see that my is not
Graciass Memi ! ! Qu bueno que te gusta !
what i imagine the devil as : a minion continuously saying netflix and chill while whipping and nae nae'ing in crocs
favorite animal ? ? ?
Movie News and Discussion : Terry Gilliam Is Not Dead After All : Variety Sorry For Massive Blunder . VanNuys
Dlisted | Hot Slut Of The Day ! Ilearneditbywatchingyou
Watching ' Beerfest ' ( 2006 ) Deutschland
On this Day April 21st : 1956 Elvis Presley's 1st hit record , "" Heartbreak Hotel "" , becomes 1
Check out today's homepage on Bing deathvalley MesquiteFlatSandDunes bing
Protesters back on the streets of downtown LA tonight ... upset over President-elect Donald Trump's victory .
HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY DOMHNALL GLEESON ! ! DIA BLESS AN FEAR dathil domhnallgleeson GingerBae Dublin
Michael Fassbender in The Pink Panther
Dany Tirza is your man . His wall is a masterpiece .
Ginger Ale + a shot of JAGERMEISTER = A FassBomb MichaelFassBender
Oldest ice core ever drilled outside the polar regions ancient ice dmtalk
Rollercoaster of a night sad but happy
Love these nights with my girls lovemyfriends lovethesummer #lovemylife
get me a seat ! I'm coming
they sell those at smoothie king
Where the fuck is Dobbs fan base ?
you didn't need to tweet it to the world cuz I'm pretty sure everyoneeeee knows
FOR BLACK AND BLUE FAVE FOR WHITE AND GOLD
counting dumptrucks ... its a lovely day down here on the east river ! friday !
Well hello Memphis ... we meet again ...
You gotta have more power ! ! ! mtdbass mesaboogie bigblock 750 silverspade mtdkingston
This is the stage rig I will have on Sunday at thechancecomplex when we open for ! ! !
Wedding Couples Missing Out On Financial Gifts moneytips -
The Timely Topic : Genius Tips for Year-End Savings FinanceFriday MoneyTips -
A list of people who should have had prenups before they said "" I do ! "" -
When and How to Lend to Your Home Buyer -
The key to retiring stress free from a retirement pro -
Patient Assistance Programs help you be able to afford your prescription drugs -
Cardholders should be aware of these common credit card interest laws and report companies -
Student credit cards aren't always a good idea , weigh the risks vs rewards -
Just heat , assemble , serve , and enjoy from promotion PerdueCrew -
Millions of credit reports contain errors , does yours ? Time to check ! -
What's the difference between Roth and Traditional IRA's and which is best for you ? -
A cool new app that helps you get the most out of your credit card rewards -
Glass half full : Amanda Knox only paid for one semester abroad and stayed three years in Italy .
NAWD is a movement not a moment Adjuncts BayNAWD - via
You are not alone . Many thanks & amp ; much appreciation to for his inspired NAWD mapping
Seattle University faculty and students standing up for quality education NAWD WeAreSeattleU
I love the WeAreALLSeattleU hashtag . Couldn't be more true ! Solidarity !
Adjunct r "" stripped of full-time positions lacking power , security and a living wage "" AfterNAWD
I supported the work of Read about them , see their good mission , and DONATE :
Adjunct Faculty Walk Out SanFranciscoArtInstitute NAWD via Wow-Fox : just the facts ? "" http:// t
Great news for low-wage workers in Seattle . Judge says McDonald's is not a small business . Who knew ?
After Lesley U . Adjuncts formed a union , FTTT faculty decided to follow suit ! highered afte
The Rise Of The Working Poor And The Non-Working Rich via
It is our duty to fight for our freedom . It is our duty to win . FightFor 15
Marchers want higher wages , better working conditions | The Seattle Times OccupySU April 15 afterNAWD adjunct
May 14 , UW Board of Regents are meeting & amp ; will be there to demand an end to rampant inequality on campus .
Thousands of teachers rally in downtown Seattle
Bank bailout in Ireland , Europe , Greece = problems - because of crisis of capitalism , suicide , prostitution , crime rampa
Students , Faculty & amp ; Staff Deliver Thousands of Petition Signatures Protesting the Rising Corporatization of UW
Seattle Teachers Will Go on Strike Tomorrow ! This is the 1st time they've struck in 30yrs ! solidarity workerpower
Anyone who supports the striking educators of seattle should join this citywide strike support coalition ! ! https://t.co /
member telling folks on the RadicalHistoryTour about the red scare Disorientation 2015 coldwarfacts
Corporatization of higher Ed , just one reason partnered with us to improve the quality of education
SUFast 4Justice sufastforjustice The People protesting Seattle university denying profs right to form Union
Its a long process , Routine discrimination of POC , investment in prisons , abuse of POC custodians . But
Hundreds of UW students staged a walk-out yesterday , calling on the school to divest from prison labor .
Quality education , not corporatization ! shouldn't be spending thousands on unionbusting lawyers ! CountTheVo
Seattle U president says Jesuit school to fight NLRB jurisdiction
one of many teach-ins at capturetheobelisk . students and workers in the halls .
Unions are REAL PEOPLE - not "" Special Interests "" - real people that live and work on communities LaborAlly NN17
Im so relieved , appreciative , and thankful . AlabamaSenateRace
Nokia Lumia 520 GoPhone ( AT & amp ; T ) Nokia Reply w / AmazonWishList to add this via Ends November 19 ! ! !
STOCK UP PRICE ! ! Glade Wax Melt Refills are only 49 cents after coupon ! CLICK - - > >
BoostInsider helps Bloggers earn up to $ 2000 / month promoting things they like ! Check it out ! Review in next post
Maroon 5 - Animals : via
? ? ? LOL . I'm just an honest housewife trying to clean my house ! ! Goodness woman ! ! !
It's official I am the fave
Everything went to shit even before it started .
Finally left the house . BEST . DAY . EVER .
My immune system has betrayed me .
Tula about society : * chirp chirp * Tula na puro hugot : * applauses with "" aw "" * I know that literature can't change the world
' GAME OF THRONES ' Director Confirms BRIENNE-TORMUND Ship Is A Thing
Show me how to live like you
di ko rin alam , tawa nalang tayo para kunwari in tayo sa mga cool kid
I'm "" bursting "" with tears
bark akala ko himas patay yung pangalan niya bark
A summary of my weekend : Alcohol
Tbh I don't really know why I'm faving your tweets . I'm too lazy to guess which one is mine
Nagset-up sila ng marriage booth , pero fresh parin sa akin yung sakit ng Jolibee ad
cats giving birth or girls giving cats ?
Every little thing is gonna be alright . - Bob Marley
So I had . One asketh one shalt recieveth
Stop forcing your sexuality on him SMH
* cough * feed us * cough * jk . Just pass ur class yo
R2D2 is the most vulgar character ever . Every single thing he says gets bleeped starwars
Love the music , love the familiar sights , love seeing people I know . Amazing show ! burque
More Milani One Coat Glitters
Defeated campaign 1-3 boss ! Valkyrie Crusade
Subdued the current archwitch "" DESTROYER "" ! Valkyrie Crusade
Subdued the current archwitch "" ACCORDION "" ! Valkyrie Crusade
Defeated campaign 9-3 boss ! Valkyrie Crusade
Subdued the current archwitch "" BICORN "" ! Valkyrie Crusade
Defeated campaign EX2 boss ! Valkyrie Crusade
Defeated campaign EX4 boss ! Valkyrie Crusade
Successfully summoned "" Regular summon "" Valkyrie Crusade
Subdued the current archwitch "" DARK SANTA "" ! Valkyrie Crusade
Subdued the current archwitch "" AZURE DRAGON "" ! Valkyrie Crusade
Kingdom level 109 ! Valkyrie Crusade
Subdued the current archwitch "" EXCALIBUR "" ! Valkyrie Crusade
Defeated campaign 5-4 boss ! Valkyrie Crusade
Successfully summoned "" Celebratory Summon ( ticket ) "" Valkyrie Crusade
Subdued the current archwitch "" CORA "" ! Valkyrie Crusade
Kingdom level 131 ! Valkyrie Crusade
Subdued the current archwitch "" PASSION FAIRY "" ! Valkyrie Crusade
Subdued the current archwitch "" REGEA "" ! Valkyrie Crusade
Successfully summoned "" Regular summon "" Valkyrie Crusade
Subdued the current archwitch "" DEMON SUMMONER "" ! Valkyrie Crusade
Really love what I got on from SewingBoxDesigns . EtsyStar
Successfully summoned "" Regular summon "" Valkyrie Crusade
Let's defeat the "" ARPA "" Archwitch in the card battle & amp ; mini-garden game "" Valkyrie Crusade "" ! Valkyrie Crusade
Cleared campaign 1-3 ! Valkyrie Crusade
Ako Tamaki ( Cosplay ) , my new picture on Flickr Photography
Anthony is giving away a bunch of action figures and other collectibles ! Check out the video here :
is now following | you ! This is so cool
Hi lovely , how are you today ? I hope you're doing well , don't let anyone ruin your day I love you X2
Harry be like : "" If you like causing trouble up in hotel rooms "" REALITY : ItsPerfectDay
THIS WAS MY CONCERT AND I'M SCREAMING BECAUSE I FORGOT ABOUT THIS AGSOANDVE
Harry gets a new tattoo !
46 followers until i reach my goal
NEW | Niall im the William Hill World Darts Championship in London today .
I wanna see this movie so bad
Mario Kart and chill ? ? ? ?
Really .... cuz i HATED it ! Hahah , some fucker in orlando felt the need to spend $ 400 at Walmart
And that's why Christmas is my number 1 favorite holiday ... ChristmasParty ' 11
"" Let say this is the brain , and these are the synopsis , is that right ? "" Us : Its synapsis "" OHH Synopsis is like a BOOK ! "" notthebrightestbulb
Hahahahaha I miss you both already Awahhoo !
Happy Potter Pong looks fantastic ! Thank you for enlightening my world ivebeendoingitwrongthiswholetime
There are two rules to success . 1 . Never tell everything that you know ...
"" Youre the Benjamin Button of intelligence ... you just keep getting dumber over time ""
OH dont worry , remember the titans is the Undisputed number 1 ! Those other 2 tho are close 2nd in their respective categories .
Guys guys guys ! just favorited my tweet ! #bestdayever
Call up G4 . Gorilla Ninja Warrior is gunna be the next big hit . zoo zoo zoo
Shit happens , but at the end of the day do you , focus on you . Everything will fall into place .
Between u and me Im pretty sure we live tweet every engineering lecture . Nextwk Im skipping n ill justread ur tweets to get notes
Motto of the wknd : imnottouchingthatone nexttopic
Just saw on ESPNU ! thatsmyroommate shesfamous
Asian girl sitting next to me has played at least 300 games of Fruit Ninja on this flight . NotHelpingTheCause ....
Sammy Watkins is doing more damage to Ohio State than an NCAA investigator .
Minnesota v . Purdue game goes to Triple OT and I STILL cant get it on tv ... injustice
So apparently and plan on pulling me in a wagon thru the ToughMudder this summer ... nevergoing
HAPPY FOUNDERS ' DAY ! So proud of our 32 years on Vanderbilt's campus & amp ; looking forward to many more . myalphachi htt
Here's hoping for a Vanderbilt NCAA Championship in something other than women's bowling ... Come on VandyBoys ! ! Anchordown CWSFinals
This store knows whats up . Good looking out ... I'll be skipping this section . basics
Hope it hurts . fackthepack
With the 11th pick in the draft , the Minnesota Vikings select ... Nick Cannon
Championship Game-Vandy leading Kansas 30-26 at the half .
Maybe I'll go down there to help check Perry Ellis into a senior living home
Black people hype everything up
"" Matt Ryan's the kind of guy that old folks would call ' a fine young man ' "" - Mike Vick
Just biked up a steep hill in Austin n actually thought to myself , ' I should avoid this hill in the winter ' . ucantakethegirlouttasnowta
I'll watch that one alone
When you start crying but then bae caves in and gives you what you want
How many of you are watching this debate ? Knowledge is power ... DemDebate
Miss Kentucky is going to be at my high school at 9 , so that's pretty cool .
Well well well hello .
the Kim Possible theme was so damn lit
HEY and on younow once you said that my name sounded like a stripper or porn star name . Lexie Layne
"" Gay men touch Vagina "" is spiking in views ! If you see news outlets picking up the story please tell us !
I'm raising money for Please Help Me Keep My House . Click to Donate : via
Pretty sure this is 99.9 % of all the fans out there
Thanks for the love fullerhousefansarethebest ramonagibbler grateful FullerHouse
* finds out u get more money from FAFSA if ur married *
"" Leaves aren't food "" - @allyhills
So ready to go to my sister's with my girlfriend and aunt . lez
If we don't get a water tank by this weekend , we won't be able to move into the trailer and I d ...
that's me . I am very Lana Del GAY
me when anyone slightly raises their voice at me
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Dark Years Steam key
There's going to be an American Horror Story Murder House & amp ; Coven crossover season
when you know the solutions to all your problems but you just don't wanna do em
my daring rescue to save johns stuffed animal during a winter hike . yes liam neeson I'll do your
I just want you to know that you're one of the main reasons I've stayed strong . Thank you .
When you're lurking and u get ur feelings hurt but u can't believe what u just saw so u go back to look at it and get hur
I looooove when people invite me places even if its the most random thing ever like "" aye come to walmart with me ""
Being pulled in closer during a kiss >
Bimbotronic Sun Electronic fabuleuxLilly Bimbotronic - Sun via
Companies like Achieve 3000 have 12 skill levels for 1 periodical prepared , kids read at their level and discuss in their group
In sp ed we show IEP , what they have learned
If or when ECAA passes , stand for the Collins Sanders amendment
yep and we must turn that around , by being smarter . Already beginning w / Sanders amend
John Merrow "" I hope that the opt-out movement will soon decide what it is FOR , because it's never enough to be against something ""
We must stand together to insist immediate real assessment ( not test ) for kids from Flint
Kids have been poisoned in Flint . We can't wait to provide education support
1972 was McGovern , he was a great liberal . My vote for him gave us Nixon
I agree with Hillary that police need a cultural change . Here's my thoughts : https://t.co / Q5hE06HmU8 . imwithher
This is scary : unreal
GOP candidates use tragedy to take cheap shots . No solutions
System of education was never designed to serve all
no one knows what A or B is
Education First at the Democratic convention
Do GOP leaders words have any value if they still support the candidate ?
Sheriff Uncle Tom upset they won't let him use live ammunition
The Republican Governor of North Carolina Has Finally Run Out of Options
Intel report : Putin aspired to help Trump - CNN
My upcoming book "" Protecting Students from Monsters , Ogres and other Politicians "" has solutions ,
I devote a goodly part of a chp to class size in my upcoming book .
Let me be 100 % Clear . BLM Isn't a Hate Group . They Are Looking Only For Equality , not SUPREMACY ! Comparing the KKK
watch out for trickery by the reformers
They are a sneaky bunch
Be aware of trickery and deceit
This is frightening . We are better than this . Hatred is a poison . Stand with us for a shared humanity .
Good morning . Yes , our generation was robbed under cover of darkness . We have one recourse . The ballot box . Get your
Remember when that was our motto . Bring it back . Out of many comes one . And make America the Beautiful as the na
Love the PC game , can't wait to see what you do with the tabletop version !
Friendly reminder : our Infusion Kickstarter campaign launches TOMORROW ! Come join the event
... to focus my content in one location , which will be the Lizard Lounge . This account will become my generic author account .
Reminder - official GenCant 2017 opening is Aug 17 . Raffle & amp ; Photo Contests will go live then . Everything up to then is just p
When people don't like your hair but they tweetin bout you tho ..... idgaf idgaf
My phone has also been on Do Not Disturb all day ...
What goes around comes around
Can we go back to the start of summer when I was stress free
wow I know like two people in this class
I'm such a memory hoarder , I love looking back at all the things I've kept throughout the years
firm believer that u don't meet people by accident
mustbenice to get the person you want .
tfw you get a 11/14 on a summative assignment and that's already a C so you're starting off AP English with a C
this is the scariest gif i've ever seen
success , happiness , honesty
Some drone footage of Ewa welcoming 2017 . Happy New Year !
i'm not grouchy until you ask me why i'm grouchy
honestly , best friend goals
why the fuck is my mom giving me attitude wtf did i do
y'all really that lazy you can't even flip the bed sheet by yourself ?
I am voting for BTS for TOP SOCIAL ARTIST at the BBMAs . to vote ! BTSBBMAs one l
take a minute and read this
if you ever cheat on your significant other , you already trash idc what u say lol garbage headass
Definition of late night adventures
my chem teacher is such a geek oh my god
im not the "" pay me back "" typa friend and will never be , that's just not me ...
just kinda letting life happen at this point .
IM SO FUCKING TIRED . NO MORE GUNMAN LIVED A QUIET LIFE BEFORE SHOOTING . WHO THE FUCK CARES . WHO ! THE ! FUCK ! CARES ! HE I
you guys tomorrow itll be november
LoveBTS 10M my boys made 10m followers im so proud
yall really be in love and shit like wow . thats beautiful .
when little kids keep staring at you and won't stop
i wanna fuck wit the same person all 2018
tru we should just watch Heathers all day
Isnt it gr8 when ur math teacher only uses the last 4 mins of class to teach a lesson then gives u hmwk and tells u , u have a quiz on it tmr
Sometimes I just look at my best friend and feel the need to pull a will smith and :
creds to Dad and I
I just helped make a 30 person pyramid
I hope the weather stays like this because im ready for downtown oswego adventures
Kirsten is such a precious lil egg
I SAW ONE OUTSIDE OF TAP HOUSE YESTERDAY AND IT WAS WEARING A PINK TUTU
pitbulls are so vicious oh my
when you're at work and a customer starts yelling at u but u can't do anything because "" the customers always right "" ht
looks like eugene and I are goin to oe hoco
Someone threw a large mcdonalds drink at me today in the parking lot after school jokes on them bc they missed
i relate to jose so much
Hey sometimes you've just gotta catch up yknow
he is going to the doctor tmr and they are gonna try to get him back monday or sometime next week . Ive missed him so much
Huntley results : 5/14 ( JV ) and 9/24 ( Varsity ) ... not too shabby pantherettes . Come support the teams at conference Satu
* taking exam * Me : Hey Brain ! Remember studying this stuff ? ? Brain : Yeah we totally studied that ! Me : Awesome ! So what's
Update : its more swollen and bruised but the holes have closed quiet a bit
they aren't too bad , I prefer it over Luxury . Service isnt always the best but my nails never turn out bad
Come to our informational meeting next Monday , August 28th 2:45 to learn about OHS new ORCHESIS ! ! ! We hope to see you
"" be a good listener "" first of all , im missing an ear
I got a basketball game tomorrow
I'll try that ! Thanks !
I don't even know what to say
This AP lit video makes me want to die
2017 mission : find a sugar daddy 2018 mission : find a bitcoin daddy
I'm waiting for the MagconReunion what about you ?
GO ! ! ! No one said you couldn't ! ! ! And they have drinks , do NOT drink anything anyone gives you
Being stuck in traffic is only fun when your best friends with you tbh
but I was gonna say it
U like ur pizza cold , I think that's hot
My beautiful niece Kassidy ! Can't wait to meet her tomorrow !
Happy anniversary to my bro & amp ; sis-n-law Kaci Angel ! It's been 3 years and the have a beautiful 2 month old daughter !
The Spirit is saying this is a year of ExceededExpectations for God is able to do exceedingly , abundantly more than you know !
COMPROMISE with the enemy is not an option when I have a COMMANDED PROMISE from my King ! Joshua 1:1- 7 promisesofGod takeownership
you're supposed to be listening to Roland
Starbucks , reading and rain makes for a relaxing and peaceful day . chilltime
haha that's a major confession !
Amazing how some people have developed there own method of driving that has no lodging in the law or common sense . humans
What do you do when you reach your peak ? / \ Take it to the next level ! X xfactor neverquit neversettle relaunch
"" He who knows how to distinguish Gospel from Law should thank God and know that he is a theologian . "" Martin Luther setfree
Volleyball at HiLife tonight ! Our teams theme was freaks & amp ; needs ! So much fun !
God's been to good to me for me to act like I got here on my own .
NoShaveNovember I call that everyday life . Its more like noshaveyear
intentional should be a defining characteristic in every area of our lives : thoughts , words , attitude , choices , desires , etc liveonpurpose
The sky is SO blue today ! loveit
"" I'm not in their life to change them . I'm in their lives to love them how I've been loved . "" | | Carl Lentz , Q & amp ; A with Cr
I think one if the most important things to learn as a Christian is deciphering between what is God and what is a counte
God loves us not because we're lovable , because He is love . Not because He needs to receive , because He delights to give .
I refuse to settle that's why I'm still single .
Santa is not real ! theend
"" Expect great things from God , attempt great things for God "" - William Carey 2014 motto
I'm this morning , preaching "" Pursuit of His Presence "" . We're going to learn to ENJOY God ! pathoflife Psalm 16:11
Project Logos house party was awesome ! These teens are the best ! Sunday nights are never boring .
The Ken Ham & amp ; Bill Nye debate on the viability of creationism was interesting but also a little disappointing , both sides lacked persuasion .
Is it ironic that I had a funeral sermon assignment due today in Preaching Labs ? ValentinesDay
The girl working the register at Wing Stop was asking about my hair , if I curl it , & amp ; admiring my ' golden brown ' beard & amp ; trim job . umthanks
RELATIONSHIP STATUS : single in a relationship married engaged divorced waiting for a miracle
"" We ride together , we die together . Bad boys for life . "" - Mike Lowery , Bad Boys II Happy 24th
Dual of the Holy Days StarWars lightsaber Religion Jewish Christian Hanukkah Christmas
Rediscovering music from my high school days is pretty great ! memories BeautifulRepublic Wavorly
Some people would benefit from having as much self-awareness as they do Trump-awareness . ThursdayThoughts
"" @Shay_ThaTruth : Repiercing my nose today "" get me a ring when you go lol lol what kind ?
Rich Homie Quan next month ? I'm all in that
Yc kmsl im dead shayy
On break , lunch 3
Now woo sleep snoring and im sitting here miserable .
I feel so f * ugly and just blahhhhhh today , where tf is 7:30 ? !
A 20pc - - half lemon pepper and half honey BBQ I need it in my life !
I made 7 weeks today
I feel horrible ! ! ! ! ! !
I better be invited :) . Duhhhhhh , of courseeeeeee ! !
These bitches have gone wild on the first damn episode ! !
About to get up and make me some grilled cheese sandwiches w fruit on the side .
Now I really believe she did that to her daughter !
hate having a boyfriend who accuses me constantly when I'm a million and one percent faithful to him .. Like it doesn't get anymore than tht
1 , it's brazilian a 16 "" for 45
Half yall only good fathers & amp ; mothers on Instagram ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Ready for my babe to call tonight , going see him tomorrow then this is alllllll over for now
My shit pretty so I wasn't really embarassed , I got compliments infact
She finally did a tiny tiny kick for the camera
every real nigga see this and be like "" fuck it imma still eat that hoe ""
I really need that break
u so fake howwwwww ?
Me and Rod was just talking about making some this weekend when my stamps hit lol
Mannnnnn it's a reason my plans got messed up . I planned on going shopping but lawd , she don't need ANYMORE clothes I realized last night
Wow , haven't been on here in yearsssss
"" Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant . "" - Robert Louis Stevenson
My brother wants me to YouTube people smoking crack but I think it might make me 2sad . Thoughts ?
"" I'm ready . ""
A nostalgic blog for this dreary day gilmoregirls memories laugh blog
Ashley's head jewelry will lead to her demise . TheBachelor
... but really every week should be crossover week svu LawAndOrderSVU ChicagoPD ChicagoFire
I'm in Edinburgh , so could somebody at King's Cross wish James S Potter good luck for me ? He's starting at Hogwarts today .
Every debate from now on for the rest of my life is gonna seem boring cause I've been gifted this as the 1st election I can
I thought so ! ;) haha
Waking up with puffy eyes , a stuffy nose , and a scratchy throat
I feel so out of it today isthisreallife
God blessed me so much by putting such a wonderful boy in my life . Love you :)
I only had one night where I slept than 5 hours due to homework / a project / studying this entire semester ... Last night was that night ...
Seriously I started my homework when I got home at 2 and took an hour break for food .. This is ridiculous
TipsForGuys never stop doing the little things you did in the beginning to get your girl . I can promise you those w ...
Not to mention I will not have time to work on any of it until I get home from Nicaragua . ( Aka I will have barely two days to do it )
I'm so excited for school and AP exams and school and school to be overrr ... tired
Taking my Chaco tan to a whole new level at BeachCamp 2013
Vine has died as of 30 minutes ago
Craving Mcallister's or Asian food so bad right now ... feedme
My heart is heavy today . But God's kingdom is rejoicing as a wonderful man was called home to be with The Lord . TeamEdwards
Buzz and Woody ! Perfect Match Day with Sammy !
Can't . Stop . Coughing .
Wow I'm loving this whole only having one class at HVA and leaving at 10 every day thing ...
Thank goodness for good family , great friends , and Jesus to help me get through the week !
What better way to prepare for an English final than by eating ice cream ?
Just got some Autism awareness scrubs for Fun Scrub Fridays at work ! ! I'm just a little excited .
Blessed are those who love the Lords teachings , and think about those teachings day and night . ( Psalms 1:2 )
Much needed smack in the face and reality check . I am not my own . My purpose is not to please myself or others . It's to bring glory to God .
The Hobbit was full of feels . I wasn't prepared for the intensity . toogood
oh I thought that was a job , my b
"" Screw graduation , let's go to the lumberjack feud ! ""
"" Leverage your degree to get the Gospel to people who have never heard it . ""
Pro of house sitting for 2 weeks straight : getting ready to leave for Tampa is a lot easier bc half my stuff is already packed .
Joy is the killer of comparison .
but what about cars , cars 2 , and cars 3
* glares at life *
3 hours . Sleep cycle .
WRONG . YOU CAN NOT .
:'( man , now you made me cry ! THANKS ! i don't love you anymore .
personally , i can't control what i dream ...
I SAW HER ON WIZARDS OF WAVERLY PLACE TODAY ! :D sorry i'm screaming now ... i KINDA got a little carried away ...
she's my TBFF ! i her to pieces !
i ain't street smart , i book smart ! wow ... exact opposites ...
she's supposed to call me tomorrow . i hope she can ! but my dad's company Christmas dinner is at 12 . i'll be there for forever
i got a big bag of it for Christmas !
i also love Hay's new hair ! it's so pretty !
can i come with you ? ? please ? ?
i'm here (: i'm gonna start spelling it C-H-U-C-H-I-I haha
did you make your location "" With Holly "" yet ? haha
listening to Hunting Man by it's my new favorite song !
girl , take your OWN notes ! haha
i probably won't be able to watch Ustream tomorrow cause i'm sick ! ( possibly strep throat )
Me : dude ... no . just , no .
Me : it's okay . it just wasn't meant to be i guess . * * i hug Hay * *
* * le next day * * * * me you and Hay hanging out at my house * *
they announced there was not gonna be a LM2 ! we're trying to get one ! iWillFollowBack
hey Ainsley (: FollowBack ? iyou !
I votearianagrande for the 2013 MTVEMA Artist On The Rise ! See who's in the lead and vote :
follow me please ? I already did VoteBYE and apparently it won't let me do it more than once . :( Followback please ? :) 9
poke your band mates with a stick . ShesKindaHotVMA
Can we talk about this ? ShesKindaHotVMA
I was voting on my saved accounts but im back now ShesKindaHotVMA
Waiting on you all to vote like ShesKindaHotVM
i love both equally so I had to close my eyes and pick
I live like an hour away from you . Can I please meet you sometime ? Haha
I have reached level 25 ! Let's play this awesome game - SUPERSTARLIFE
Holy crap ! How is that even possible ? ?
YALLLLLLLL ! ! ! Mr . Harris LEAVING !
and I know I'm not missing your ass
I'm ready to get these two classes over with so I can go back to sleep .
WCW goes to the roomie with the luscious poodle hair
Finally got Because the Internet ! Thanks
Might need to get the daiquiri out the freezer
Peter like "" damn more kids "" LHHNYReunion
"" you don't like me ? ""
It's crazy how when you breake up with somebody they suddenly change into a person you wouldn't even recognize . AMEN
Cuddles are literally the best
you better tell us and not just go see baaaaj lol
Life is too short is my answer to almost everything ..
I want to do something tomorrow ! !
Lol jk . Kelleigh doesn't love me .
I don't like Jameis Winston .
Wtf is on BET right now .
jhene aiko and her daughter singing mmo my heart is melting
This why I fw Obama lol .
A champagne toast to getting the fuck out of Louisiana government . Bye !
Me when we win PINKCampusShowdown LSUShowdown
College hill > love and hip hop
yikes . Stay safe , dude .
We'll end by saying : LET EVERYTHING IN YOUR WORLD INSPIRE YOU . NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE . Let beauty take hold of you , & r ...
so glad we got to observe that baby pterodactyl in its natural habitat .
no way dude ! I'm so happy to hear that ! ! Now we gotta mend you !
congrats ! So fantastic , and all true ! Go Bird !
that is so amazing and awesome and cool ! I am so happy you are here . xx
salty this am , aren't we ?
RIP , Mr . Cunningham
What could this puzzle be on the WhatsTheSaying app ? Try it , it's free :
Just do me one favor ! Never tell me sky's the limit , when there's foot prints on the moon ! ! ok ! ! !
Jersey Shore marathon lmao .
So I might need you to hang out with me at the wedding .
Why not get comfortable and put ur feet up while driving ?
Really good sex should feel like someone is performing an exorcism on you .
Sale on INSANITY MAX : 30 Kickstart w / 3 - Day Refresh 18 % off ! ! GetFitDontSit
50 Thoughts That Can Motivate You to Do Anything by via smallbiz
Are You Really a Leader ? Ask Yourself These 20 Questions To Find Out
A whole new funding launchpad for startups went into effect today . What will the world look like tomorrow ?
Leverage these 5 essential strategies to help you juggle "" bringing home the bacon "" with those you share it with .
DealsandSteals Beyonce - - $ 5 off ticket orders of $ 40 or more
When you want to get your customer to say yes , keep these principles in mind .
10 Habits of Highly Successful Small Business Owners ( Sponsored by
Burn an INSANE amount of calories with these 8 moves :
7 ways to tweak your routine thatll help you lose weight
The Reason You're Still UnhappyDespite Having a Successful Career via
Why ice cream and peanut butter may promote gut inflammation
Top 10 Reasons why Buyers Cancel Escrow in Real Estate by haikudeck MadeonSlideShare via
"" Float like a butterfly , sting like a bee . The hands can't hit what the eyes don't see . ""
The case for interdisciplinary education :
womenintech Forgotten women in tech history . by bestcareersforwomen equality via
Mobile Is Eating the World ( 2016 ) by autonomouscars drones via
Thanks for the follow - - I really appreciate it ! If you have a minute , please follow us on Facebook - -
Nourish Your Body to Nourish Your Business
These 5 exercises are all you need to be able to wear sleeveless clothes with confidence .
fitness 3 Crucial Exercises to Combat the Desk Job Body
Thanks for the follow - I really appreciate it ! When you get a chance , please LIKE us on Facebook -
nonprofits The Business of Charity : Where Purpose and Profit Meet
personalgrowth Tony Robbins : Want Success ? Rewire Your Mind . by via
Thanks for the follow - I really appreciate it ! When you get a chance , please LIKE us on Facebook -
Thanks for the follow - we really appreciate it ! When you get a chance , please LIKE us on Facebook -
Thanks for the follow - we really appreciate it ! When you get a chance , please LIKE us on Facebook -
Thanks for the follow - we really appreciate it ! When you get a chance , please LIKE us on Facebook -
Proud to be representing muthafuckin JetLife
Boobo ? Rappers ruining music with stupid assss names
i use to easily get it down there shit was easy but here its rough . Lol reallly rough
Rollin to Syracuse bumpin Audio Dope 3 ... StonedImmaculateJune 5
Pilot talk still the best album from spitta
G's up .. Hoes down .. Get paper .. Smoke pounds ..
I encourage you to toke your tweets make me sad that I quit smoking . regret iwannasmokeableezy
lies .... Chuck Taylors > Nikes , Jordans
Fool picked a hoe over true friends .
u shuld it'll help more then u think
So we got ppl out here buyin bath salts to get high on purpose . Doin harmful and dangerous shit but my bud is illegal ...
JetLife "" @JCrossover : np "" life under the scope "" ""
Cant take waka flocka or his fans seriously
Its always a good time to toke
No dude needs to say justin beiber is pretty
Off work ... been a long day
all i can say is .... BeReady
I encourage you to get higher
Smoke dza ft Spitta - baleedat
Cant tell me that shit u wrote on her sisters wall aint gang related bitch must think im dumb fuckin hoe
WTF : Kanye West and Kim Kardashian Sued For Conspiring With Al-Qaeda ? ! ? | GOTTA SE ...
stop bullshitting and send me my game ! Been waiting for almost a week ima start slapping hoes in this bitch
This shit bout to be noooo joke ...
The Titan Acorn Barnacle ( Megabalanus coccopoma ) , 11 June 2015
The Fir Tussock Moth ( Orgyia detrita ) , 12 April 2014
The Florida Scarlet Snake ( Cemophora coccinea coccinea ) , 11 June 2016
HurricaneMatthew Aftermath : Saturday 08 October 2016 . OrmondBeach at Granada .
Young FloridaCottonmouth , AgkistrodonPicivorusConanti , at GrandBayWildlifeManagementArea in
COS Priebus said to be using appearance on MTP this morning to guide decision to stay or go . Positive panic by many at
this is already old news . There's so much happening tonight ! Avalanche !
Jeez , man . You tweet like him . Exclamations and vitriol , end of story .
Using old images & amp ; blatantly misleading your readers is in no way morally compromising , desperate , a
If you're gonna go after comedians maybe don't shoot in front of a blue background ?
Thinking deeply about shallow shit .
Check out this family friendly DIY perfect for fall ! CokeComesToLife
GenerationX in the dressing room of the Marquee Club , 1977 Photo ( c ) Ray Stevenson
Have you seen this video ?
How much you know about soda on the silver screen ? See if you can get this trivia right : SilverScreenTrivia
FDA probing reports of energy-drink deaths -
David Frum on the Perils of Legalizing Pot - Newsweek and The Daily Beast
Do the rich drink more ?
Family conflict leads girls to drink .
College + Students + Involved + in + Alcohol-Related + Offenses + Often + Receive + Light + Penalties +|+ Partnership + for + Drug-Free + Kids
Almost 1 in 5 Americans Plagued by Constant Pain , Survey Suggests
Half of Young Drivers Who Die in Crashes Used Alcohol , Marijuana or Both - Partnership for Drug-Free Kids
Some Experts Say Naloxone Alone Isnt Enough to Address Opioid Addiction Crisis - Partnership for Drug-Free Kids
National Call-in Day : Help Get the Comprehensive Addiction Recovery Act Passed -
Craig Ehlo : Michael Jordan's Most Famous Victim and the Lowest Point of His Life via
Rising cost of overdose treatment drug alarms city
2015 NASADAD National Exemplary Awards Deadline Announced - Partnership for Drug-Free Kids
Study : 84 Percent of People Being Treated For Addiction Smoke - Partnership for Drug-Free Kids
Saving Jake : A Powerful Family Memoir of Opioid Addiction via
Via Mothers Who Lost Children To Addiction Unite To Change Laws
Father to parents about heroin addiction : Its not your kid until it is
Some Families Use Consultants to Find Addiction Treatment for Loved Ones - Partnership for Drug-Free Kids
US facing not one , but two opioid epidemics via
' Family Affair ' child star Johnny Whitaker survived drug and alcohol abuse , now helping others | Fox News |
FDA Increases Warnings About Risk of Combining Opioids and Benzodiazepines - Partnership for Drug-Free Kids
Synthetic Opioid Known as Pink Is Legal in Most States - Partnership for Drug-Free Kids
The Problem with Addiction Treatment : Getting People to Take It via
I better see you tonight
Were all just little kids in big awkward bodies
Party party party tonight on jackson st roll through
Cant wait for the world cupp
bullscavs gasol not doin shiit . bad news
Pogba to Barca for 100 mil . one more season in turin though !
just called me an asshole is this ok
GOPDebate tonight ! Will you miss
shot was actually well behind half court . amazing game
franois - NOVANATION VILLANOVA via
really uninspired article . poorly written !
Bernie Sanders complaining about the national debt is like Kim Kardashian complaining about exhibitionism .
Negative I don't go there .
Saudi regime can't wait for Obama to leave ; "" looking forward to what may be a fuller embrace "" from Clinton
I just took an economics midterm a few hours ago . I can't watch this part . debatenight
I don't recall dismissing racism exists ?
and we think our elections are screwy : BBC News - Gambia crisis : Senegal troops ' on alert ' if Jammeh stays on
lol I didn't need studies to tell me that !
Vegas gives Raptors way too much respect in the playoffs . Learned my lesson from last year ! bucks GreekFreak
My idea of "" leftist strategies "" are things like crying about racism , taking down the flag , celebrity
They are statues . The history behind them is significant . Again , they are statues .
. @Google is terrible . gives you reward points for searching . Default your search engine to !
Oh you're "" literally "" asking ? Now it's serious folks !
I've been meaning to . Started DBZ a few weeks ago but haven't watched the third episode yet .
As far as Im concerned he did a terrible job at explaining how this plan will hurt me ,
This ones for you DoItLikeNiykee
Do it like Niykee couples edition
Fuck anyone who tells you that you can't
DoItLikeNiykee champagne for the pain of not being as hot as niykee and LP
happy birthday to our baby
No Joke : "" A Mormon and a Catholic walk in to the White House And Saved America .. "" Yes ! RomneyRyan 20 ...
Move along nothing to see here ...
2nd st closed to thru traffic west of Oliver for construction
First the Statue of Liberty's head falls off , now there's flaming sharks . Sharknado 2 BestPicture
too bad all the guys are thinking about baseball
Good eye , DL . Good eye .
Thanks for bringing to see us today at You were very well-behaved ( so was Ross ) .
Ned Yost does not approve .
Showers , storms and birds on the radar at 352 pm . kswx
Elsewhere on TV , a rerun of "" Happy Days "" , the Jayhawks are choking , and your Local on the 8s . SOTU
You won't be in the finals . Good luck in the future . Now sing us a song . IdolFinale
Live stream ... let's hope this ends without incident .
Election fraud isn't an urban legend ; it's real . ( FB post used w / permission )
The Bible does not give names to the Magi , number them 3 , call them kings , nor define what happened when they tried to s
WPD K - 9 Officer Rooster memorial service - Friday March 31st at 1:00 pm .
URGENT : 2 armed inmates on the run after killing two prison guards in Putnam County , Georgia PLEASE SHARE !
Today , on what would have been his 83rd birthday , we remember the life and legacy of the great Roberto Clemente .
Just because you can doesn't mean you should .
Mmmm ... unclaimed contraband bologna .
If I tried EMABiggestFans 1D
Is it so wrong EMABiggestFans 1D
hey you yeah you EMABiggestFans 1D
JUST IMAGINE THE LOOK OF HAPPINESS ON THEIR FACES WHEN THEY HEAR THAT THEY WON ! LETS WIN FOR OUR BOYS EMAB
Can you play "" Home "" by One Direction , please ? Thank you ! ProjectHome
* * * @RayLipowski well damn ...... u are on the roll .... keep rolling boo boo * * *
I sign it and and you are right .. they need to let the show stay as is
Check this video out - - Cookie Vlog with Aaron Goodwin via
bigsteppin Check out this battle
thats what i meant to say sorr the presentation package so if i get that i can bid right
Check this video out - - Ghost Adventure's Team at Comic-Con
i can see chillin in his dungon chillin with the lost souls drinking a carona
happy BDAY so how old are u ? 18 right lol still look good
i need some excitement i cant wait to go to ATL and Vegas and standley hotel in November i AM going all the way out
how do u stay in shape when u always on the road eatting thos juicy food whats the key
Inbox dollars get paid to take surveys easy cash .. proof via
Flirting with other girls ... smh nothing but loyal to you ! So you can smd
wow you're making stupid excuses you just don't want to eat w us HenceYoureABadFriend
No disappointments for those who don't except anything from anyone
Yes I did ! ! I said what happened to the old Adrienne , questionmark
Text me when you can , its important !
oh yeah ? Try texting me
If you have something to say , why not just say it to me ?
pray to god that i switch schools please glades ?
I'm gonna pretend a dumbass didn't just tweet to me like that "" shure ""
actually you can just leave flowers on my car
Like I really can't even walk
Who wants to play soccer today ?
One more love song & amp ; I'll be sick .
She remembers us from last year ..
you should be honored you clit
actually I have some connections back in FL for you if you'd like .. remember that guy I worked w .. if not
My costume idea for Vegas at least I'll die looking cute
bet I miss you more
Night swimmin ' Sunset + Vine Apartments
I mean where else would you rather be on this gorgeous day in El Lay ... ? Runyon Canyon Los Angeles
Ther ys no Elvisshe worde for ' midterm exam . ' Such wordes are nevir spoken near the fayre hous of Elrond or the woodes of L
Kiss me , I'm ... sort of vaguely reminiscent of an Irish folktale mixed with movie-version Legolas ? That counts , right ?
If Pence says anything that sounds like it makes sense , remember he signed a bill to require women to hold funerals for their
Join & amp ; the Alliance for Housing and Healing at WeHo's WorldAIDSDay Candlelight March on Nov . 30 :
In other words , a big middle finger to poor and middle class , especially the ones who voted for him . YouGetWhatYouVoteFor
someone will remember us I say even in another time
Donald J . Trump If We Allowed Farmers To Grow Weed , We Could Tax It And Bring In A Lot Of Money For The ...
Protester featured in iconic Ferguson photo found dead of self-inflicted gunshot wound
Chris Cornell He Could Rock ! ! ! ! ! Awesomely ! ! !
Retweeted Taylor Swift ( @itaylorswift4u ): He Paid $ 3.7 Million To Have Sex With Megan Fox , But Now Hes Suing ....
Ricky Skaggs "" Cats In The Cradle "" via
Linkin Parks Website Now Includes Suicide Prevention Resources via
Walter Becker of Steely Dan Dead at 67 - Full Story and Tribute via
Sky Over Disneyland Glows Orange Due to Nearby Wildfire
Colorado Girl Suing U . S . Attorney General to Legalize Medical Marijuana Nationwide
Retweeted Adam Sandler ( @AdamSandler ): First night , Cosmopolitan Las Vegas . Gonna be a good one . Happy to be ...
Coolio - Gangsta's Paradise feat . L . V . via
Retweeted Heather Poole ( @Heather_Poole ): Im praying for dozens of emotional support animals . Standby
. @EltonOfficial to be feted in Grammys salute by Miley Cyrus , John Legend , Sam Smith & amp ; more ( exclusive )
"" Why do we continue to get ripped off by the drug companies that can charge us whatever prices they want ! "" - Sen Sanders Demde
The Waltons , America largest welfare queens
TWO NEW ENDORSEMENTS FOR BERNIE FeelTheBern Bernie 2016
R ya'll as excited to see Bernie win in Iowa . Pool results show Bernie leading this morning . Let's Win this today NotMeUs FeelTheBern
Okay Bernie caused the recession everytime you open your mouth & amp ; I'm a yellow dog , but you'll never never have my vote
RT : you talk about equality , but you just disrespected millions of women bernie 2016 . I'm disgusted with y
Tapper Confronts Wasserman Schultz on the Charge Dem Superdelegates Rig the Process VIDEO
My donation tonight ! Let's all be BernieStrong NotMeUs FeelTheBern
Get ready , things are about to heat up Tuesday evening . FeelTheBern HBCU Tour
Bernie Sanders wins backing of African American group in Nevadas largest county
she isn't entitled to their vote . if they decide not to vote for her , that's 100 % her fault .
. @HillaryClinton ' s super PAC collects $ 9.5 M in January , more than half from 5 wealthy donors
You cant be a pro-war , pro-big business , pro-arms sales , pro-death penalty , weak-on-climate candidate with ties ...
check out the crowd who hissed at BLM , told them they were trespassing . This just gets uglier .
I want to you to have a voice in who represents you not corporations . You BernieSanders FeelTheBern
FMLA was a huge step fwd , and we must do more . Read my op-ed on how to level the playing field :
Best family photo ever ? Retweet if you agree . Favorite if you think you can do better . FeelTheBern
How 1 % killed middle class : "" It's shameless financial strip-mining "" WarOnWorkers
Vote for for a kinder gentler more human nation . FlintDebate
HALF THE MICHIGAN VOTE IS IN . SANDERS AHEAD BY 24,000 VOTES - 51.6 % to 46.6 % .
Seriously , if you're in a PrimaryDay state , vote . Go on strike if you have to . Take your kids to the polls if needed htt
Here's ya'll laugh for the day
Saikat Chakrabarti is live now for BNC and taking questions .
pro-gay : pro-gay : pro-gay : pro-gay : pro-gay : pro-gay : sexysyntacticiancostume : pro-gay : ...
pinkcaramelcorn : backpack | ig :
mamalaz : idreamedadancewithyou : grandma its me anastastia Oh my god Im crying
shelbyxtaylor : I think Keemstar and his fanbase are almost as bad as Onision and the bananas . truuuu
rubyredstarseed : Evidence Peridot is really a rebellious grumpy green little cat .
xjessrr : glitterversace : expensivetastexox : X
stillonmars : Trying to decide what to wear for my mothers birthday . Still havent gotten a chance to ...
huffylemon : Greek Mythology / Roman Empire on tumblr
lovetheplayers : I dont know what Im gonna do next . I dont know if Im going to let this moment echo ...
prismcess : me pretending to be a human being
usaproblems : USA Problem 120
heckyeahlolitafashion : Angelic Pretty Utsunomiya :
officialcrow : raisa-allin : i miss Big Dick Great News !
izzy-strummer : What would a day be like without Latinos ? Madison will be pondering that today as ...
grawly : thugful : grawly : i scrolled down for an explanation and there was none you dont need one
polychrome-rose : I love this super cute sweeter ( ^ ^ ) Get 10 % discount with my code : polyrose Buy ...
cadney : Marine Kingdom has quickly become one of my favourite dresses !
profeminist : profeminist : Women Like Marvels Agent Carter Were a Very Real Part of History I love ...
drakeimpala : ppl freaking out over bernie being likeExcuse me , I am talking when clinton tried ...
they make up rules as they go
Why would apple have pop autocorrecting to PPP ? Lol
YES ! it looked promising
I think I saw over a million Subarus in Colorado .
This is seriously the dumbest thing I've ever read
Gedion Zelalem is the next big U . S game changer in soccer .
I hate when guys comment on like every single girls Instagram pics , thinking it gets them "" in ""
Glad I got to see my boy , did you find Sean ?
12 hour work day over
QUINTILLA SCORES ! ! ! SPORTINGKC ARE CHAMPIONS ONCE AGAIN ! ! !
yeah we have a lot of guys out
I'm ready to be done with finals
Happy Birthday to can't wait to see you again ! !
Nothing better than shooting around on turf
No Netflix , I don't want to watch Adam Sandler star in another mediocre performance . Stop autoplaying the ads
This will air on MTV at 9:30 pm on July 14th !
ANDY JANOVICH IS ON PACE FOR 64 TOUCHDOWNS AND IS SOMEHOW A FREE AGENT IN YOUR FANTASY LEAGUE
The Buckeye helmet with 27 stickers that Cam Johnston will present to Sam Foltz ' family at tomorrow night's Nebraska--Ohio
The Lincoln Journal Star confirms Bob Diaco will be Nebraska's next defensive coordinator . He was in Lincoln yesterday .
We're thrilled to announce DA from pwrhouse Hastings College ! Incredible player !
Because they MUST be .
annual tweet . Happy Birthday nicename
To clear up any confusion ... If you are : a breathing human a fan a Student / Non-Student Attending the ga
The moment Scott Frost became the king of Nebraska . Q : Scott , how will you modify your system for the Big Ten ? SF : I'm hoping
elemeno-pee : australiansanta : nosherlock : americans say asshole and the british say arsehole and if you ...
itssexualhour : yeah so i was at my friends house ( im a girl hes a guy ) and his parents werent home so we ...
I love winston and Cade : reblog if your name isn't Ashley . - greasergirl 13 : are-you-a-real-redhead : ...
Photoset : rhamphotheca : Beautiful photos of abandoned places .
vocaroo : in the future if my kids tell me that they are gay ill just be like what because i dont plan on ...
Photoset : 8x 23 and 9x04 Parallels
verbalizations : i-smell-sex-and-coffee : Why does it always seem pathetic when a girl is in love with a boy ...
I hear Benedict Cumberbatch is going to be in the new Star Wars and all hope for humanity is at an all time ...
A punishment in Ancient Greece for adulterous men was the insertion of a large radish into the rectum .
Another blonde girl wins ANTM when there were so many opportunities for diversity ? omg no waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
If you don't think fuzzysocks are the best part of winter you're wrong . coldweather cozy
Idina crushed ! Love it !
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Everyone PLEASE Get a Haircut I mean it please harrypotter gobletoffire
I know you're not supposed to judge a book by it's cover , but how could I possibly not read this ? ?
Had some fun with a holiday theme . Simple , but pretty . nails winter happyholidays :)
Look at my new little baby , Charminique ! So cute ! ! ! ! :) alpaca stuffedanimals
"" ft Nicki "" means "" Nickis song ""
Photoset : chris-lesage : this is the best
Rick and Morty is Doctor Who on acid , which is weird because I though Doctor Who was Doctor Who on acid
bleutempete : Thanks , Google .
Our cat is a marshmallow FIEND
I NEVER thought it would be possible for three months to go by so fast . A whole quarter of a
Just the two loves of my life being adorable and making me cry , nbd .
avenuepotter : I know this has been said before but I just cant get over how utterly TERRIFIED ...
My awesome brother got me a Jughead hat for an early Christmas gift ! Thanks
With deep regret , Adele has been forced to cancel her remaining live dates and promotional appearances in 2011 "" noooo ! :(
Flight from DIA to LAX delayed .... Rude Don't they know I'm tryin to be in Santa monica for drinks ASAP ? ?
When a virgo is quiet , millions of things are running in their mind .
The struggle is very real today , folks . IWokeUpLikeThis
Pulled my back this morning putting on my shoes . Line forms to the left ladies !
Seemed like some folks I know would like this .
what happens over a group text , stays in the group text
What I get instead of the high gpa awards
I went to target for a gift card and came out with two bags of stuff and no gift card
I looked for you at Gucci in NYC
Since I'm seeing FOB in November my dad found a picture of when he met in Walter Reed Medical Center in 2007
I'm earning mPOINTS in Splat Da Bat Android .
I'm earning mPOINTS in TicTacToe CLASSIC .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Zap Da Bug Android .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Big 2048 ! .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Zap Da Bug Android .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Office Jerk Holiday Edition Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Office Jerk Holiday Edition Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
something to think about Brian , Trestman was on the staff of our last SB team
i showered with Michael Sam FiveWordsToRuinADate
very fitting way to go out indeed
oh shit this is getting too real now
kick some Patriot ass , sincerely , Raider Nation
i see you down with Auburn in that college ball
Frosty the porn star ?
somebody's a bit mad Clowney is gonna be a bust BWAHAHAHAHA
Sheldon Richardson in Trouble Again : The post Sheldon Richardson in Trouble Again appeared first on NGSC Sport ...
lol sometimes but he was still OUR jackass
im down with that DC4
Gee Steelio Sports Hour : This week the Heartthrob is joined by the Future Of ALL SPORTS MEDIA - Joe Wedra to d ...
i think the REAL question is why Screamin A is on Oakland's dick to begin with
i meant that in a good way lol
Listen to "" The Don James HS Report "" by on bishopgorman highschoolfootball texasam
How Much Did Murphy and Cespedes Lose ? mlb worldseries baseball
ESTV : The Student Of The Game Report w / Kyle Nash ( VIDEO ): The post ESTV : The Student Of The Game Report w / Ky ...
LIVE on and I95 Sports NCC at Rockland CC 730pm est with on the play-by-play
Hardys Mock Draft 4.0 : The post Hardys Mock Draft 4.0 appeared first on NGSC Sports . The regular season has ...
Want to stay current on an event or trend ? Let discover and share the content for you .
Tomorrow at 830pm est Watch In the Batter's Box on
Carson Wentz vs . Jared Goff , A G . O.O . D . Analysis : The post Carson Wentz vs . Jared Goff , A G . O.O . D . Analysis ap ...
do you guys know anyone who love sports trivia
Listen to "" NGSC West Recess 7-13- 16 "" by via spreaker
Listen to "" Earnestly Speaking Podcast 8/ 8/ 16 - See Ya A-Rod ! "" by via spreaker
Extra ! Extra ! 9PMEST , we talk facts and questions in the AlJazeera PED report with Pharmacist
I uploaded a new episode , "" Blackhole Brigade "" , on spreaker afc blackhole football raiders westcoast
Which one are you Z ? the butthole guy or the hobbit ? lmfao
That moment when I do something amazing and no one is around to see it .
Sim simma who got da keyes to mah bimma
Ham done , chicken done , errything done ohyouhungryhuh
Dance too much booty in da pants dropit
Schweet watching diss moooovie lol
ayyyye don't play dat buulllskrit
I'm well done on that subject
hey woah I was actually thinking both ways about that , like its possible to flip someone from the bottom and I said they can't end
If we could just hang a mirror on the bedroom wall , stare into the past and forget it all
I don't know .. We'll see . ;)
I know ! I lovee it . :D How was it actually being there ? ?
Pizza doesnt ask silly questions . Pizza understands .
dear attractive people how do you do that
I can't even . Too attractive for me , clearly . xD
Who ISN'T working on an essay tonight ? I'm glad I'm not alone in this bullshit essay struggle tonight . teamstruggle
Also he's taking me to the zoo ! ! I'm so excited ! Haven't been there since I was a kid . previoustweet
I feel like nobody has ever been interested in world soccer until this year . Why now ?
Does anyone have a yoyo that they'll bring over to my house right now ? I want one . :P
OH MY GOD THE WAY HE LOOKS AT HER
So if I let go of control now , I can be strong ! lasthope live
Has Missouri ever done a tourism ad with the slogan Missouri Loves Company ? If not , what is even the point of Missouri ?
It's official . This is happening .
I seriously have the best boss in the world . We just got real and he gave me relationship advice . Lmao also he's in favor of trex
My heart is a ghost town ..
When you're a college student and your parents ask where all your money went
do i believe in love at first sight ? absolutely . i fall in love with every dog i see
"" Why the hell are we clapping for the groundskeeper ? Can we just eat ? Oh great , he is hugging Harry now . ""
Eric has an interview tomorrow and I have a third interview Monday near bg . This is meant to be . This is happening .
Been there , done that . Proud of you deary .
PETSMART IS STILL HIRING ! IT'S THE PERFECT JOB SERIOUSLY .
Please , don't go .
New album dropping soon .
That's some hot ass .
"" Warning : In order to get your dog to play mini golf with you it's best to threaten them with a sword . ""
good news everyone the search is over
Look at the Pope's face when he looks at Trump .
Me : This lipgloss is insane ! girl you can suck a dick through it and it WILL NOT MOVE I love you Texas .
One mistake and everyone judges you .
Be careful who you trust , the devil was once an angel .
I wish I could hibernate
no none of that now
Erick Baker controls my emotions .
I'm the type of person who can make a friend in 2 seconds , or an enemy in 1 .
just a cat giving a speech on ebola
Buh a stack will make ya kiss her
you will forever be my favorite person in the
"" HE GAVE YOU ROOFIES ? ? ? ""
Baby I just wanna show off
All good things take time
Marines light up the night a little differently ...
Much love you ya Twerpy Herpy
Rather be doing this right now :
It'll take the pain away for a bit , but it always comes back
If I feel like I need to leave school , I'm gonna fucking leave school . I'm 18 years old for goodness sake .
THESE MAKE ME SO HAPPY
I'll have a plus one . She's the shit . You'll love her . She needs a boy , so let's hook her up ? Kayyyy
Get you a man who refuses to let you go to sleep upset
If you pinch me today , I will punch back . And no that's not a typo .
doing my tags and title today ... 8 months late .
i cannot tweet my preferred response
Union Station is by far one of the prettiest train stations out there . Sighhhh .
up in 5 hours for rollins graduation . must go to sleep .
because you don't live in dc ?
welcome to 9 years ago . Sad life . oldpersondiary
whaaaaaaat ! ? Good karma !
let's be serious , the most popular attractions in orlando are disney and casey anthony . It's the little things ...
Cannot wait to surprise my mom today with a trip to the beach ! Woooohooooo ! Welcome to florida susan , now it's time to get tan .
Throbbing headache on a Friday night . Clearly signs of old age and a stressful week . Sigh .
Be a yardstick of quality . Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected . - Steve Jobs
Surrounded by boxes and furniture . Definitely the next star of extreme hoarders . downsizing cityliving
Three of our wonderful facilitators . Thank you for serving . duwec
I sense a little competitive energy ... DZPresidents 13 green
Villanova , Temple , La Salle In NCAA Tournament : The Villanova Wildcats , Temple Owls and La Salle Explorers will ... ...
Who knew allergies were exponentially worse in PA than FL ? Mind blown . Nose running .
Ready to get schooled on social media by edrsome
LOVE IT ! Look up and to the left . Heyyyyyo .
I'm fairly confident I would be a guinness world record holder for "" fastest consumption of a veggie burger . "" speedeating
Grateful to have taken the T home during the 7th inning tonight . Red Sox are going to the World Series ! riots
Beyond excited & amp ; so proud of the new partnership btw & amp ; to offer a professionals GSI trip ! ! AFA
you'll have to let us know about the hotel ! You're the first to arrive and very much our test for future use !
I think you should have dressed up as Effie Trinket NUGreekWeek
A typical day in the Weiner household . lapdog
I have never seen so many Yankee fans in my life . byebyejeter gosox
so excited for tonight ! hello
Great first football game ! gocats
Every single day I enter the Hamilton lottery . Every single day I think I'll win .
Just started the second episode ! ! nospoilers
FINALLY found apple cider donuts in Manhattan . happyfallyall appleeverything wontstop
Your pic and background remind me of a Sesame Street stock photo . You're the man though , Ace !
I'd hate to date Mr . Storm's daughter knowing I'd be judged so harshly ! ~
Just show some gratitude , Vincent .
to : You've provided so many smiles & amp ; laughter in your stint w / You replaced the other news girls seamlessly . :)
to : What is better for breakfast ? ( Both low sugar ) Cottage Cheese or Yogurt ?
BBC News - Hunting trophies : Delta , United and American ban transport
Ask CARTIER to Save Panthers NOW !
We have to help ! JusticeForCharlotte Please share this petition Link :
Tell the Government of Dubai not to open a SeaWorld !
Help me & amp ; get your own chance to win up to $ 125.00 in points . Enter Let's Bounce Sweeps via
Help me & amp ; get your own chance to win $ 50.00 in points . Enter Deep Freeze Sweeps via
Help me & amp ; get your own chance to win $ 50.00 in points . Enter Make Your Points Sweeps via
I'm going to at Mohegan Sun Casino - Wolf Den in Uncasville , CT - Jun 24
EXCELLENT NEWS ! Florida's BlackBears Are Safe For Now As FWC Votes Against A Hunt In 2016 ! h
When is the POTUS going to do his job and speak to his riotous supporters ?
Today is the last day to order from my online Pampered Chef party on FB
see me in fifa pus
Cleaning out the good old jeep alwaysinteresting
Damn I can't believe it .. Honored to have grown up with him RIP T-Harms
if you want one with a screen that is completely shattered and doesnt turn than i got you , ill even give it you for free
I'm guessing you're rooting for greece ? that was fresh equalizer letsgogreece
Hello Philly . Let's get down tonight
another zunset at towson ...
steve aoki show halloween night .. 30 euros . Hop on a flight and come visit next week ?
your so funny britt niceone
was definatly that bull to buy more coins in fun run
Collie Buddz the TLA 4/19 . Who's coming with me
I've always wondered why Dan Uggla would choose to get his jersey made at baby gap .
Ray J would make a great lead off hitter . IHitItFirst
good old Jose Mesa ?
I wish Larry King was on late night Espn every night . Such a boss
The General by Dispatch is always a good one to start off your day with
So smooth , So smooth .
UCLA RPI : 49 Temple RPI : 34 , Record : UCLA 20-13 , Temple 23-10
oh okay , well i won't try to remember you when i'm famous
the driver has to use their own insurance and they are liable for any losses
Fuck this weather mang . I'm just tryna play some god dang baseball !
This Mariners game is going to put me into a psych ward . COME ON BOYS , GET IT TOGETHER
To the faithful followers of , thank you for the support ! Please Retweet this , everyone deserves our unbi
Barack Obama : At Least I Will Go Down As A President . Spoke too soon , Barry !
MSNBC , Comcast , Phil Griffin : Morning Joe Must Go via
Estimated $ 8 million in exports , 45,000 jobs lost since Ex-Im Bank expired . We must reauthorize it .
Americans are paying way too much on rent , and it's only going to get worse
Tell Congress : Stop prescription drug price-gouging via p2
Tell and Congress : Reject highway construction in Red Cliffs Desert Reserve . Respect conservation experts
RacismIsntFunny . and need to DumpTrump . via p2
Greg Abbott : Prohibit prisoners convicted of violent crimes from soliciting the public online - Sign ... via
Take action : Stop the largest crude oil terminal in North America
Tell us again how Tip "" gave Reagan enough rope to hang himself ! "" He gave away Unions and help for the American people FOOL !
Donald Trump touted 9/11 but never supported the bill to help 9/11 heroes
Tell McConnell to bring the SentencingReform & amp ; Corrections Act up for a vote !
Emergency Managers have to go - FlintWaterCrisis tell MI lawmakers to act : via
Clean Flint's tap water : tell your Senators to pass legislation protecting Flint and all US cities from toxic water
Petition update - We've started a movement . Join us ! via
NO RATE HIKE FOR UGI CUSTOMERS
Petition update - 15,000 supporters ! ! Help support the Blackfeet Nation as they fight for water rights . via
. @BankofAmerica don't renew ' s 5 billion loan BreakFree
Barack Obama : Veto the most destructive anti-wildlife bill in history - Sign the Petition ! via
Join and in telling Congress NOT to eliminate Medicare SHIPs SaveOurSHIPs
Trump has falsely alleged Clinton wants totally open borders : RNCinCLE
FL's what does have to do in order for you to not support him ? DumpTrump
Petition update - Moving on to the Ohio Senate ! via
There's more work to do . And is ready to do it . But we can't throw this progress away . debate
AstraZeneca and Vertex : Help save my 37 year old wifes life ! - Sign the Petition ! via
FBI colluding with Trump , RNC to rig the election , with assists from Wikileaks , Russia is the * story of the century *
They must stop saying loans are "" Financial Aid . "" It is a lie . It tricks people into loans they can never pay back .
The best part is people are gonna 1 ) learn nothing 2 ) change nothing 3 ) not even be honest about * how * these particular WM ca
I just supported Pink Out to Protect Care at PP on / /
Tell Congress to stop Trump's dirty budget plan . via
Kari's Law passes the US Senate ! ! ! ! via
Tell Congress to save from crippling budget cuts via
As Trump tried to roll back our progress , cleanenergy just kept winning this year ! Here are 50 wins ( yes , 50 ! ) fo
Don't worry guys , when I'm famous in a foreign country I will always consider you all as my original fans
Rest in peace Harry :( Read :
IRMA TOOK THE OCEAN AND PUSHED IT SOMEWHERE ELSE
Beef in a bag ? Hash browns in a pack ? Do you remember the first time you tried MREs ? Watch as members of the Japan Self
If there's a prize for rotten judgement , I guess I've already won that .
Beach bound , blasting the Pixies . It doesn't get better than this .
Getting texts from this morning totally made today better .
Thinking about going red again . Thoughts ? NeedFeedback
Come check out all the rad stuff I have listed on Ebay right now . See the things . Love the things . Buy the things .
and I'm over getting older
sometimes u just gotta wear your towel for three hours after ur done showering
Just take the time to make yourself happy now .
Stephanie is visiting from California , so naturally , we had gelato for breakfast .
After all this time ?
Woke up to the best news . My heart is so happy today . We won , guys ! ! LoveWins MarriageEquaility LoveIsLove
Needing this dress from sooo bad . via
* feels need to delete all social media for no reason * * posts continuously until feeling goes away *
When you're trying super hard to like someone but they can't seem to stop being annoying af .
if anyone is following this story / the rebuttal , the two authors ' interaction is why women are the fucking best
May the force be with you today so that the tequila can be with you tomorrow .
"" People only get really interesting when they start to rattle the bars of their cages . ""
Worst part of things ending with someone isnt even the sudden separation - its dealing with all the ThoughtCatalog titles popping into ur TL .
* Sleigh bells jingle ominously in the distance *
"" Give me the strength to delete the texts I should not send "" ancient proverb
Tinder , but just to hang out with the dogs in dudes ' profile pictures .
I'm thankful for the loyalty of who has provided me with a friendship more caring and consistent than I could ever imagine .
* cough cough * Michael
Have fun with this piece of information .
And in the storage closet . And on the way to get Starbucks . And quietly in bathroom stall .
I can't wait to go home and take a nap .
You can give blood . You can help Puerto Rico . You can help the Virgin Islands . You can help Mexico . No shortage of ways to
Just setting up a character to RP .
is playing The Conduit .
just finished NyxQuest . Still reserving final judgement .
is playing Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles : Smash-Up .
Hooray ! My used game store had a copy of Goof Troop for SNES . I don't have to order it from eBay and then wait nervously for days !
heard a bellringer at Hobby Lobby while I was in Barboursville last night . It is beginning to feel like Christmas
is playing New Super Mario Bros . Wii .
are you looking for Truth or Fail scripts ?
Well , I think my go-to team is going to be Viewtiful Joe and Roll , but I'll be interested to try out a bunch of them . TvsC
I haven't watched the show enough . I'd end up being the guy who dies quickly because he doesn't know anything .
I think I may be coming down with something . And by "" coming down "" I think I mean have already caught it . sick = suckwithau
BWAUGH ! Harry Dresden , USE YOUR BRAIN ! dresdenfiles plotenforcedstupidity
I AM THE MASTER ! ! ! 100 Consecutive Super Jumps ? Achievement Unlocked ! I thought I'd never do it , but I did . Wahoo !
Win Apple iPad when has 80k followers . Just retweet this & follow to win . More details : ...
Tell that to the money shot of Kasumi near the end of the trailer . Seriously , that's all it was there for .
Apparently 6 grades of school makes you an expert in the field of logic . My uncle want to college for nothing !
probably still not worth it .
Stylus is telescoping this time . Built in motion and gyro sensors confirmed . Supports both MP3 and AAC Audio now . Can import Miis from Wii
I wish I could send a copy of this to my college Latin professor
One down five million to go ...
I'd totally watch that . Half way through Rockapella chases Cage through the streets of Sacremento . It writes itself .
obviously the reason for this decision is that female players are better at Hearthstone than males ... * facepalm *
Only 25 hours ? What are you doing with your life ?
What's left after laundry mxgxpxchallenge Hipstamatic GSQUAD Sugar
sunset 4 the end of it .
Teaching with the classics is fun .
truth when you gotta tell someone their dad was an asshole while having them at gunpoint Coral
Awwww ... she even left one for Sam . deadbuzz TWD
trees blossom bloom beautiful picoftheday photolife
Remember to remember me Standing still in your past pandora
Oh no he didn't just call Alfred "" manservant "" . Gotham
All is Full of Love .
Daryl's crossbow , jacket , and bike ? Dwight is serving Single White Female . TWD freshbuzz
I just had a great experience at Books-A-Million . Shop online :
Lil Jon would be proud of that fight , Rick twd freshbuzz thewalkingdead
JT isn't stupid . But neither are they . Survivor
What in the everlovin hell just happened ? ! TheWalkingDead
What the bloody hell ? ! That is supremely NOT ok FearTWD FreshBuzz
Just when you thought Troy was crazy enough . FearTWD DeadBuzz
3 Piece Weather Resistant Foldable Garden Table and Chairs is your best choice giveaway
Jadis , girl . Those shoes cannot be good for your feet . twd HeapsterFail
Ya I know I'll just finish the playlist my self
Haha tips ? Are you joking R * ? If you want tips go to the best creators they will teach you everything you need to know
Don't forget to do your postings , we will announce the winner today !
$ 1000 cash + 5 GeForce GTX 560 CoolStream Super OC in prizes , 32 teams already registered , 32 more to go , register ...
New Year Gaming Resolutions Winner Announced ! ! Gilles Vanderveken "" My new year's resolution is to tame the ...
I uploaded a video Nvidia GTX 600 Series Fur Demo
I added a video to a playlist Club 3D HD 6870x2 - Crysis Warhead Playtest
I posted 15 photos on Facebook in the album "" Club 3D with Infused at i45 ""
Records are made to be broken , so shatter them with the new and unbelievably fast Club 3D Radeon HD 7970 GHz Edition .
Ok Here We Go ! ! ! Lets Start with Sonic Generations ! GAME KEYS 20PLZ - G7MYD - FTD 42 ...
Our Sponsored Team Infused are now only 190 fans away from reaching 4,000 Fans and giving away a Club 3D 6870 ...
Hi Club 3D Fans ! ! So we've got a massive array of giveaways and competitions currently running for you all to have ...
AMD is introducing tressFX technology , available on all Radeon HD 7K series and will be showcased on the new Tomb ...
Our partners at European TF2 League announced Club 3D as the official sponsor of the upcoming Season 15 of the ...
Check out this new video for AMD A-Series APUs
Thanks for for supporting Club 3D on facebook and if you use twitter check us out at
Club 3D "" Meet My PC "" Winners will be announced in the next few days , don't worry we've not forgotten about it :)
I posted a new photo to Facebook
I posted a new photo to Facebook
I posted a new photo to Facebook
IMPORTANT UPDATE : On 23 August AMD will Celebrate 30 years of Graphics and Gaming in a Live Webcast ....
Black Friday deal ! R9 290 royalKing for $ 249 ! Inc Gold voucher for 3 games .
Swiss based enthusiast tech site Ocaholic published their Buying Advice for May . They have suggestions for gaming ...
Club 3D launches the first real ( mini ) DisplayPort 1.2 to HDMI 2.0 4K UHD Active Adapters . For the past years ...
Dear followers , we are glad to announce that we are present at CeBIT 2017 ( 20-24 March ) , the largest computer ...
I added a video to a playlist CSV - 1545 SenseVision MST Hub USB 3.1 Gen 1 Type C to DisplayPort 1.2
Just saw jacksepticeye play it
Don't Give up on us yet . Americans are inching towards the metric system .
jake paul : cheats on and mentally and emotionally abuses his ex gf . jake paul in a jake paul song : youve been treate
On my way to meet with Jake Paul
Some bitches just need a high five ... In the face . Wit a chair .
Jake , you're a spoiled brat . You call not being able to film your 400k car the worst day of your life becaus
that's insane in the membrane yo . unheardof
Mrs . Coggins actin likeababy
haha I agree although you never fully get back to where you were back in the day . In honor of the weather I got new slippers .
"" You're the wrost baskteball player ever ""
When you use soap and find cuts you didn't know you had . Hurtslikeab
we can't be friend Hannah . Not because Madi says so ( yea it is ) but because I want it ( I really don't ) haha
ThingsThatUse 2BeCool overall's . iStillLikethose
Every night this week I have gone to bed fully clothed only to wake up in my boxers . wheredomyclothesgo ?
No makeup and yoga pants kinda day . Chillllllll
I almost forgot what 10 hours of sleep was like . Refreshed
Girls better start looking for boys with a good education because i'm pretty sure ' swag ' doesn't pay the bills .
haha well I'll need three dollars .
banana cream fried pie > > > > > > > > > >
My house < < < < < < < < < < < < < < <
This is just so I can say I got a tweet in today . TwitterIsLife
A seven nation army couldn't hold me back .
Seriously the best tweet ever !
Today I quite the special day . My grandma and my step grandpas 19 anniversary . My step grandpas birthday and my cousin birthday .
bomber see me ima play dead like
Kyle "" the GOAT "" Korver
I mean he may or may not just light up the white guys that help him out with a homemade mounted machine gun
Ask and it will be told createyourluck
Cavs and Nets are discussing a trade that will send Joe Johnson to Cleveland . ( via
just gonna skip 2s smh
Put my leg in the wrong side of my shorts 3 times before I got it right shook
"" All good jokes contain true shit , Same rope you climb up on , they'll hang you with "" ForestHillsDrive
Fatboy need dat wingstop .
WHAT . JUST . HAPPENED . Duke scored with 6 ticks left , but Miami took the KO back as time expired for the game-winner
"" @ReversingASD : Stupid "" opinion "" ! Trump is Winning ! why will he leave ? dummy !
Edelman already making an impact
Been with us for 12 years I'm gonna miss you
They call me the young messi
So within the last hour , Dwight Howard and Dirk Nowitzki have become unrestricted free agents .
Boy , bye ( NSFW ) ( via
2 RTs and ill burn all of my Miami memorabilia
Class registration is equivalent to the hunger games
We will bring back our jobs . We will bring back our borders . We will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back ou
Don't even care about my bracket anymore I want this upset to happen
This Just In : The Patriots and Julian Edelman have agreed on a multi-year contract extension . ( via NFL Network , confirmed
2-0 to the Blues ! ! CHEEVE
Jack Ma on Alibaba's ' secret sauce ' : Hiring women
The paper breaks the 2000 citations barrier . Wow , who would have guessed 3 years ago .
Just remember that in the Super Bowl , America always wins .
May all your papers be paywalled for ever . AcademicCurses
Life expectancy vs health expenditure . The US is a startling outlier , and not in a good way .
I think I should have gone and seen her
jk I want a lot of people I can kiss whenever I want to
why do I always take it so damn personally when people don't reply to me like I don't reply to anyone else either
why did I pick the poor daisy it was so cute
hell yeah I have $ 84
it has been proven that I can only be in a good mood when I'm in the house with one other person
what tf is wrong with cops I don't understand
I thought I was done with this shit
I got the 1989 shirt on and the bag
man I've been all in my feels and shit about life today I don't wanna wake up
damn keep missing how things used to be
I just want some drugs and this nasty ass taste out of my mouth
love feeling like people don't fucking care :-)
I really don't know how it got this bad again I don't understand
I just wanted to flirt with the cute girls
do I have to take a shower
personally I would like to enjoy being 19 but what the hell ever
I've actually felt like doing things lately it's nice
a year ago I had no idea I'd be who I am right now
I became heartless and I became numb
holy shit I want to rip my face off
thank god my nails are beautiful
I knew I was gonna feel shitty as soon as I came back here
if I did this shit during the day that would be a lot to handle
ain't nothin gonna load on tumblr dude I can't even sit still to let it load for two mins
I love sitting in the dark by myself in my room
so many amazing lyrics and quotes why can't I think of cool stuff that's worth writing down and sharing
where would I be in life if I hadn't tried drugs
when I say adderall is weird I mean it
Pumpkin Pie Protein Shake via
I feel like I've lost a friend ! Someone , please SaveForever !
Wow . Like ALL the comments on ABC's FB page are RenewForever takeahint SaveForever
There is no such thing as The Last Death Of Henry Morgan so we can't let it be the end ! SaveForever
time suck time Sims 3 here we go . Is there a facebook ap for that ?
mgrs = strengths : get job done . Ldrs = both : job done and cultivate emerging Ldrs . incleaders
Congratulations to Groundwire , Facing the Future and the Center for Human Services , who are finishing five year invest ...
Fascinated by my job ? You can have it ! Well , one just like it by applying for Bellevue's ( WA ) Dir . of Equity :
Another sneak peek of ViralVideo 2
never surrender . never give up the fight .
NEW VID ! ! * * YOUTUBE CELEBRITY CONSPIRACY THEORIES * * ? :)
Things flyers shouldn't have - elbows
WhatMakesMeSmile Going to Taco Bell .
Why do I have to be so emotional about everything ? I'm just gonna curl up in a ball and try to sleep everything off headache upset alone
I wonder if anyone thinks of me when they can't fall asleep at night .
Cheer camp went great and I can't wait to go back next year ! ! ! ! These last 3 days have been long and exhausting but totally worth it ! cheer
Pinky promises , keep that shit .
I'm not the silly romantic ...
You never know how much you really love someone until you watch them love someone else .
Maroon 5 ? You mean Adam Levine and the guys who stand behind him ?
The amount of stuff and I stocked up on today is great .
4 blocks in one weeks . Wut wut Holla to the people who's words are taken outta context .
There's nothing that you can't overcome with God on your side .
got Kailaini such cute stuff ! I especially love the hello gorgeous onsie thank youuuu
Albert Einstein's theory on the existence of evil .
I got yours too .
"" @TopTwitPics : Friendship goals
I've cried so much lately
I always accidentally like stuff while creeping on people
You're a fat loser and you have body odor .
"" @itsmovies : She's the Man
Thank you ! I know it stinks
I had an amazing time this weekend with this cutie . I always hate
Happy 4th of July ! ! ! Remember to thank the men and women who have
How we'll be in our apartment in a few months
"" I want to steal people's boyfriends "" and "" I've only heard bad things . "" Those 2 things are definitely related . BachelorInParadise BIP 2
I hope none of these people speak to Vanessa again when they get out of this house . Ugh . BB17
If Fernando owns that house , then why is Carolina's dad asking where they're going to live ? Your lies are finding you out ! 90DayFiance
I was so happy for Kass to be gone ... only to remember that I have to see her EVERY week . Ugh . Please no . Survivor
Whoa - Meghan invited Josh's mom to the dinner party ? She has lost her mind ! Arranged
Mark isn't just a jerk . He's evil . When he's pushed , there's something very scary in his eyes . 90DayFiance
Why is Mitch's mom acting like they shouldn't ask anything personal ? She understands they are choosing a spouse , right ? MarriedByMomAndDad
You may just want to consider it a given that men don't want their manhood questioned . They don't each have to say so . MarriedAtFirstSight
Well that was far from a denial , Stephan . MarriedByMomAndDad
Yeah , I have a hard time believing that someone her age doesn't get that an addict can't just consume substances in moderation .
I'm glad Tai let Scot and Jason put their full douchiness on display on last time before bowing out of that squad . Survivor Wow
The rest of us did !
Starting watching BBAD for the first time tonight . Looks like I'll never be sleeping again .
Oh my ... Nick's profession is now "" runner up . "" That's not great . BachelorInParadise
hit the nail on the head : Carly is "" trying hard "" to like Evan . BachelorInParadise
I haven't gotten to Nicole's "" secret "" yet , but if this girl slept with someone else right before coming there ... oh dear . 90DayFiance
That episode of 90DayFiance was TV gold .
No , Mohamed ! You're supposed to be smoothing things over ! 90DayFiance
Mohamed clearly said on the phone that he wasn't coming back . Why is Danielle giddy and hopeful ? ! ? 90DayFiance
If I chose him , then heard that chat with his friends , I'd un-choose him in a hurry .
Finally - Danielle and Mohamed ! 90DayFiance
Wait what ? I don't remember any pre-marital counseling . And I don't remember that ! Sounds about right , though .
She's on the Atlanta housewives . But an actual housewife ? No
I can hear Brittney's conversation with her mom right about now ... PumpRules
If they're mad about Cody and Makani being better than them on this show , then they'll be really livid about real life . MTVStranded
So they're trying to turn MAFSSecondChances into a bootleg Bachelor ? No , no , no ...
I'd advise you not to move to the South . Nice guys do this all the time in the South - particularly older ones .
This loud Missy girl though ... SpouseHouse
And he comes with an anti-vaccine , reality show wife , so you're getting quite the package deal !
Awww - good ! And I'm happy for that to be a joint effort
I wouldn't trust Paul with a lock of my hair and poor Karine is trusting him with her life . 90DayFiance
That REALLY bothered me . Now that he obviously cant stand her , it bothers me even more . You dont let st
LIVE on Periscope : Drawing requests ! ( Just doodles )
One time when my cat's water broke , she waited a full 2-3 hours for me to come home from Disneyland before she gave birth . I love that cat .
"" Trump is awful "" TRUMP FAN : "" HES g0nna w1n ! ! "" "" That's not a rebuttal "" TRUMP FAN : * opens mouth , emits foghorn sound & amp ; sw
Shhhhh .... just enjoy it . h / t : and
I'm pitching a cartoon hope it's random enough
Going off the "" canon "" of the livestream , Dipper is Larimar ,
2018 is officially the year of Mad Libs as RickAndMorty joins the "" World's Greatest Word Game "" craze !
The official shooting star Mabel sweaters are on their way to me from the manufacturer's California warehouse !
Grab for some Buds ... makes my night complete
Tony Stewart and Lewis Hamilton swap cars at The Glen [ w / video ... : Tony Stewart and Lewis Hamilton at Watkins G ... h ...
You could win tix to every race weekend event at Bristol in our new contest . Click to enter : Please
NASCAR Commercials : The 20 Best Driver Ads of All Time | Racing ... : Without further ado , here are 20 great comm ... h ...
Cards win . Braves lose . Cardinals will face Phillies in the playoffs .
Ha ha ha ! ALL media members tell me they Love that Question BUT all are afraid to answer it .. Who is a Superstar in "" T ...
Cardinals Win game ONE of World Series ! .. Michelle Obama 10 feet from us ALL night with Soldiers in a small room ! .. GO ...
short tracks are not about cars , they're about drivers , give me a wheelman on a short track and I'll spank you every week , ...
UPDATE on Kyle Busch-Ron Hornaday incident : What each driver said , NASCAR meeting with Kyle in morning & more ... ...
Shot of B - 52 and big crowd at Sunday's race . Proud of crowd . Some took pot shots at crowd ? Must be kidding ! really ? h ...
Kudos to Kelley Earnhardt on this
Let the champagne spray !
Kurt Busch to the famous 43 car in nascar might be one more sign that the Mayans got it right
Lions taking the Saints to school ! ! snf
Rockin out new HELLYEAH at oddson studio in vegas ! ! ! HELLYEAH Vinnie Paul just posted a new pic !
WR Mario Manningham catches a 17yd touchdown pass ! The lead 17-14 ! ALLIN
Thanks for the link hell yeah !
Think god the Daytona race is on Fox so I can actualy watch and listen to some racing .. I can deal with some of the bs commercials ...
I unlocked the Disturbed : The Lost Children sticker on
Kurt Busch signs up with Monster Energy - NASCAR
Thank goodness Chevy doesn't compete in F1 or it would have been a weekend sweep ! nascar IndyCar
Could we get a RT ? We are trying to reach the NASCAR family and talk NASCAR 7 days a week !
From biz mgr Tara Ragan : The initial results ruled out .. methamphetamines , cocaine , ecstasy or marijuana ...
Wow ! This has been one of the longest episodes of COPS , ever . So glad it was a happy ending . Watertown
Giving baths on a friday night ohthejoysofworking
son of a nutcracker ! elf
psh imma live to be 119 and 1/2 .. Easily
hello buy nothing day . gonna sit on the couch and watch football while black friday shoppers are tired and going to sleep .
iPhone > Android > Nokia > Land phone > Typewriter > 2 cans and a string > Message in a bottle > ...
true . but I probably won't be lenient about letting students procrastinate as I want my teachers to do for me . socomplicated :)
hahaha ! You're probably right . But I won't be stressed :)
I was hiding under your porch because I love you . Dug ( Up )
yeah idk I was kinda sick yesterday but this morning it was bad .
so do mine . I usually don't celebrate it .
What a better day than Valentine's Day to hear you are overweight ! juuuustkidding
oh good ! That's good to hear !
There are times in life when people must know when not to let go . Balloons are designed to teach small children this .
maybe the proper spelling of words will change in the future ha ! wouldn't that be crazy .
off to work . second job of the day ... or wait I should say third bc school is my first job . readyforsummer
How do I submit the participation on blackboard then ? Sorry , I am having issues .
I will be that positive influence ! I'm still currently in college , but learning so much by already developing a PLN .
I'm watching Dancing with the Stars ( 5838 others checked-in )
I just pronounced the name David wrong . wow
Good ole cup o coffee to start the day
is it bad that I read that as thanks time out ?
nooo , just have the worst ever toothache ... going on like 3 days now .
It is not the gun . It is the soul .
Pandora just needs to add more skips , give less ads and add a replay button .
never know my friend , never know ! See you soon ? ?
Two little feet will be entering this world any day now ! impatient 4moredaysmax todaywouldbegood
Listening to some dork blather on about pants and Hot Shots , Part Deux .
I was really surprised to see that the movie Milk got a rating of 3/10 until I realized that was the release date .
As an April Fool's Day prank , I wore slightly thinner socks today . So far , no one's caught on . Suckers .
For once in my life , I feel fully prepared for what tomorrow holds in store . Bring on the switch to digital television .
Is there anything sadder or less punk rock than listening to the Descendents quietly on tiny speakers in your cubicle at work ?
They say , "" everything happens for a reason "" and they're right . In my case , it was "" because I ate a moldy pork chop out of the trash can . ""
Every movie is set in a parallel universe where everybody is really really good looking .
Watched Santa Buddies with my kids . Now , if I ever meet Thomas Edison , I'm going to punch him in the balls for inventing movies .
I used to love shopping at independent record stores . iTunes should have a guy who just shits all over whatever youre buying .
People who work outside of entertainment rarely get standing ovations . That's something I'm going to change .
People are always telling me that I look like Tom Cruise . You know , because hes always doing things that make him look dumb .
Happy 9/11 Eve , everybody ! ( too soon ? ) ( nope , it's today )
Oh , now I get it ! "" Focker "" sounds a little bit like "" Fucker . ""
I was talking to my wife this morning and I said the phrase "" lo and behold . "" So , no , I wouldn't be surprised if she left me .
Your momma's so bald , she has more wigs than Congress during the Zachary Taylor administration ! gradschoolsnaps mothersday
Workplace courtesy tip : When somebody tells you , "" Man , you're on fire today ! "" they mean "" Please shut up , Nathan . ""
"" Hey , It's G . I . Joe , not G . I . Joseph . "" - confused homophobe .
"" I know what we're going to have for breakfast tomorrow . "" - Nostradounts
We should let all the candidates be president for two weeks , then just pick the best one .
Thankful for all of these beautiful people + more . You make me so stinkin happy ! ! !
Happy Birthday I'v known you like 6 years , and your one of my best friends , have a great day and eat some waffles .
I'd rather be on a plane traveling the
driving with all the windows down and music blasting is one of the best feelings
the right song can change your whole perspective
Check this video out - - Pageland Watermelon Festival 2011 Part 1 via
Rent your 1st redbox movie online & get a free 1 - night rental ( I will 2 if u use my link )
I'm at Moore's Park ( Pageland , South Carolina )
The 100 best books of all time . What's on your list ? |
I'm at Fort Mill Church Of God ( Fort Mill , SC )
Dont just pray for God to bless you ; pray that you will be a blessing everywhere you go . Joyce
Nanny interview tomorrow ! !
Tracy Brooks OMG ! ! ! Tracy Chants Impact
Ariane has a valley girl gimmick and sang barbie girl . shes actually really funny
Huge thanks to for getting me too 301 followers . Next stop is 400 . Loooong ways to go :)
Thoughts on the Diva match on RAW - Eve def . Nikki Bella
This article is sure causing a buzz on the Twitter world this morning : What are all of your thoughts ?
Can we bring back the Womens Championship now ? HIAC
Thank you everyone for showing your love for Eddie ! ! ! My heart is heavy but rejoicing that he is in heaven !
Haha its okay ! :)
Pick the Silk Gown ! Natalya
Here you go ! VerifyBradMaddox
oh , people still watch TNA ?
Shoutout to for having the cheapest riding boots from their sale ! Was able to get about 3 pairs for the price of one . LOVE
GET IT LADIES ! ! ! ! Spread the word about Olays FreshEffects line to women who are passed the acne stage but dont have ...
I received the plump pink color , and it was a nice color ! VarsityVoxBox
A5 Straightner and some mousse or hairspray . AdvancedHaircare
Thank you ! ad NTGDerm sponsored
3 seconds at the most lol
Where's the proof of him being gay though ? lol
Oh my gosh ! Thanks so much ! :D
I can sure use that Sephora one ... me with no makeup nightmare DoseofCharm
A2 I have a bunch of stuff for the winter such as flashlights , blankets . TMOM TrunkJunk
Competition 2 : WWE TNA Fans | Follow us and to enter to win a wrestling bundle worth over 50 ! RoyalRumble R
THIS WEEK RT & amp ; Follow us 2 WIN LOLA Nail Polish Nudes ! nails giveaway comp bbloggers
and Follow for a chance to win a 4LBS bag of Tootsie Rolls ! Giveaway ends 3/3 / 2014 at 8: 00am . giveaway freebies
Try delicious NEW Mac & amp ; Cheese Chicken Wedges from PerdueCrew promotion -
The Dr . Oz Show goes behind-the-scenes to investigate the changes is making promotion PerdueCrew -
say something in all caps once and your iPhone will never forget it
I would literally cry if my teacher did that
you're a literal cluster of stars and you're doing a great job
I just re read the same page 3 times and I still don't know what it says
Being called sassy is like a compliment to me
It's not everyday that someone comes in and makes an impression
I need a 3 hour long nap
still hoping its me and you in the end
* watching a Christmas movie * : "" it's weird being sober "" ThingsShellySays
oh he just wanted to post of pic of the loves of his life
I don't think people read my sarcasm correctly
I love my job Quest
* At my future wedding * "" Do you take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband "" Me to the groupchat : omg do I say yes
Got a free blow out walking to class today
you can eat m & amp ; m's but you can't text me back
Excuse my French but FUCK THE TOWING COMPANIES
Do y'all ever hear a word for the first time after being alive for 21 years and then you hear that word like 10 times within the next week ?
Me : how is collins ? Send pics Dad :
These guys been wilding lmao
Lady Gaga Tap Tap Revenge TweetToWin iPod Touch filled with the new game , album , & videos at
NowPlaying on "" Basically what we're gonna do is dance "" at
Sometimes people say my head it to big for my body , and then I say compared to what ?
lol delayed response . I still miss you more . I don't have an early rising roomie to get me up in the morning
Clear eyes . Full heart . Can't lose . State ! ! ! !
I'm wide awake , it's getting late , I'm in no state to be alone now ~ way too awake right now
The second Xmen is on ! ! ! They never show this one on tv .... why do I know that ?
I think mine might have arrived today ! Come over soonish ? ?
Kinda feel bad that I'm teaching my roommates to look like whores
People should talk on the phone more often . Phone calls from friends back home just make life better ...
My sister is the best ! itsjustmusic 44
Support today by donating at All donations go directly to childrenshospitallosangeles
nikias pretty much said "" sorry about that good luck with finals "" are you gonna address the lack of communication b / w LAPD
Got me up all night , all I'm watching is BT vids ... haha can't wait to get back to my family soon !
I received a $ 25.00 donation supporting Children's Miracle Network Hospitals !
2 years ago we sat around playing Beatles monopoly with Sargent Pepper on the record player and we hugged one last time . Miss you panda boy
Each year I have to go deeper into photos to find where you once were .... missing you and
Congrats to and our women's team on advancing to the Elite 8 with a win over Gonzaga . WeAreUK
next time we need to take a picture ! =] yes for sure
is going to get another one as well . Come with ! yes for sure let me know when
Mission accomplished . Birthday boy down .
Biggest Christmas Wreath EVER ! christmas uk bigblue
He's so lazy bosley doggy lazy
* Rupaul Drag Race Royalty - every winner and runner up from all 7 seasons duke it out .... dragroyalty
38 years ago , Harvey Milk , the first openly gay man elected in USA , was assassinated . his unapologetic pride & amp ; bravery sho
Another top of my list duo . Do believe thats Rachael and Becky R . ? Duo blonde dream !
The bill Republicans announced today is even worse than expected and by far the most harmful piece of legislation I've seen
No ... they're just louder .
Uhhhhhhmazing ! ! ! !
WE HAVE TAKEN YOUR GHOSTBUSTERS AND STAR WARS AND SUPERHEROES AND DOCTOR WHO NOTHING IS SACRED WE WILL DEFILE IT ALL WIT
I miss my patriotic dad desperately but I'm glad he isn't here to see what has happened to his America . He would die all
y'all , her twitter bio
"" Neo Nazis are bad but the other side didn't have a permit so they're equally bad "" .
How does it feel that the man you utterly despise , has 57,517 , 745 more followers than yo
Y'all , Paris Jackson is the cutest . MTVmusicawards
Keep on Truckin . Trump administration has rolled back sleep and safety regulations for trucker industry
Donald Trump is a WhiteSupremacist . There . I'll fire myself in the morning .
It's a FUCKING SONG ! ! ! ! Are y'all serious right now ? Colin K has given so much $ t
Oh my God Oh my God Oh my God ! ! !
Please delete . This is not him .
Hannity looks like he made a YouTube video to explain why he was kicked off a harbor cruise for being too drunk , while s
I love you but you MUST speak out against Weinstein . This is not ok .
This horrible , clueless woman does not deserve a French Bulldog .
People claiming to be Republican Christians need to retire from 1 of those titles . You can't be both at this point .
If you attend our services , PLEASE read this ! ! !
To us , theres no such thing as helping too many . Its just a difference of opinion
Youre regurgitating the bullshit rhetoric youve been taugh
Hey Peterson Title , I understand your no public restroom policy , but when you make a 75 year old couple wait for
This is the lunatic .
I havent believed in hell or the anti-Christ for a while now . I changed my mind . You are making o
Lets all take a beat & amp ; internalize this quote from the transcendent James Baldwin :
exactly what we talked about this morning . Republicans dont care about facts .
More "" unjust discrimination . "" Is the sexual morality of straight parishioners being policed in the same way ? People who
Shining LiveAnimeJapan 2017KLab - animeJapan
WIP - back at it again
THANK YOU ! ! ! !
your drawings make me smile so much ! ! ! im sorry that you have to be in the hospital T_T i really hope you get better soon ! !
9s the alien w colossalcon nierautomata kemonofriends
thinks about bad communication eiichi learned from raging ( saying otoyas lyrics weren't good enough ) .. everything must be perfect ; _ ;
What this means : insurance plans will no longer have to cover basic services like hospital visits or prescription drugs .
god continues to punish me but i never learn my lesson
imagines kira driving nagi home bc the older heavens are drinking
any time a cecil is needed i am There
that means a lot ...
i remember playing zettai reido emotion in music 2 and finding it impossible to clear the first couple times but playing it in SL for the
im sure amiami has had enough of my frantic emails LMAO
so i guess they were right when they said the world would be ending today
sobs bc of the kizuna ! ! ! !
wow is that noiz dramatical murder
he can take it hes a big boy
prob some psycho cave man
I hate missing someone knowing they don't give a fuck .
Gettin A Ride From Chloe Aunt
Im done W . Everybody
Aint dese kids suppose ta b n skool or sumthin lls tf
I Treat Ppl How They Treat Mee
I feel bad for just doing that
Tommorow a regular ass day for me
My Day Started Off Good but as Usual , Something Always Come Up .
fuck friends they don't do shit for me never did
Crazy Bitches Got Bomb Ass Pussy
- bitchess quick too point out wats wrong w . the next bitch , but can't point out wats wrong w . dem , bitvh you ain flawle
Ima be upp all night trying to get this done
* closes Twitter * * opens up Instagram * * scrolls * * scrolls * * closes Instagram * * opens up Twitter *
maybe she don't want no broke lame ass nigga who don't got & amp ; never will have shit ever thought of it that way
You can't have a horrible personality & amp ; be ugly as shit . Pick one bitch .
Lrt not he clipped her upp
These bitches sneak dissing & amp ; shit
The Only People You Should Allow in Your Life Are The Ones That Prove They Deserve To Be
Peace & amp ; love
When I find myself in times of trouble , Chester Cheetah comes to me , speaking words of wisdom : "" dangerously cheesy . ""
College students looking for jobs like
My phases of grief : Denial Anger Cookie dough straight from tube Booze Watching adorable animal vids to make sure I can
me too and one little one liked to be pet but i had to go :( ( ( ( ( ( (
nothing like taking things out of context am i right ?
actually if i'm being honest most of my jokes belong in the trash
to spread the chill ... and to show u r chill
when your cat was totally eating food out of your bowl but your level of caring is nonexistent so you continue eating anyway
ally and bria know themselves about as well as i know myself
Of course not . Like Andre Harris , we're married to the music .
Getting ready for school tomorrow like
learn something new every day
virgo , capricorn , & amp ; pisces
hooolyyyy shit this episode is everything i wanted and more
i just had a thought that was basically what if theres a wasp behind you only to fucking turn around and see one right next to me
not supposed to be used as a body paint and it's kinda tingly but eh who cares
happy transdayofvisibility to the people who don't know who they are yet , and to the people who do
Go home , William Shatner . The last thing this conversation needs is another old white guy telling a group of young folk
Hah you'd be the only one
i sent you a request ! ! ! !
I'm so grossed out that people think being trans is a trend or a way to get popular online , lol cool
just hold on - louis tomlinson ft steve aoki
Dearest media , before you publish a story about trans kids , find the words * choice and * chosen and DELETE THOSE WORDS
collar full - panic ! at the disco
Let the Lesbian moon lobster return to the sea , she controls the tides
self care isn't just face masks and spending ridiculous amounts of money it's changing your clothes regularly and getti
The State of Online Word of Mouth Marketing
Asus is out with its new line of tablets . When are you guys launching ?
indiatimesshopping care to respond to your customer Complaint no . - 861223
GearUpWithChitrangda Breakfast for wife to surprise her .
I have moved from India to MD , USA in Aug 15 . I'm being asked when I moved out of MD . I still stay in MD
October is NationalSeafoodMonth ! app is an easy way to make sustainable choices
We honor the accomplishments , influence , and futures of women worldwide this InternationalWomensDay IWD 2017 IWD
I love this betch ! shefunny tanningbuddy sisterfromanothermister loveher
flying airplane clouds sky miami
oakalleyplantation plantation louisiana Vacherie haunted
T #skull tattoo needmore sleeve downtowntattoos neworleans
simbad witch liveshow fire ladygaga islandofadventure
homesweethome reddoor redrum palm tree landscaping chalmette louisiana
Just brushed my hair with a fork because I love The Little Mermaid and I'm disgusting .
If everyday is a gift then Monday is a regifted set of Bath and Body Works lotions .
I wish more guys watch the Oscars so they know what the perfect amount of scruff is .
I am in love with Jesus !
Col 2:14 Look this up . The laws were nailed to the cross with Jesus !
I will trust the word of the Lord , not the word of a snake ! =)
WE ARE SAVED NOT BY WHAT WE DO BUT BY TRUSTING WHAT CHRIST HAS DONE .
Ecc 5:18 Behold that which I have seen : it is good & comely 4 one 2 eat & 2 drink , & 2 enjoy the good of all his labour that he taketh
Read Ephesians 1:13 It says we are sealed with the Holy Spirit as soon as we believe !
Jsus est Seigneur et qu'Il est Dieu
My Note On FB of the end
"" If you don't like the way you were born , then try being born again ! ""
A woman was the first one Jesus told that He was indeed the Messiah ! Read john chapter 4 ! =)
I hope ALL who pray saw my prayer request . =)
The Lord Himself put it on my heart 2 preach His Word ! Take it up with Him if ya think it's wrong 4 a woman 2 preach ! Read the WHOLE Bible !
I do believe that some people are put in our lives by satan to be thorns in our side ! We have to decide to let them stay or let them go !
I only need tell the truth to a person ONE time - - after that , their blood is not on my hands if they don't believe !
eyes shall consume away in their holes , and their tongue shall consume away in their mouth .
Lord , we say right now , here on Twitter , that You are worthy of the praise of the earth ! You're worthy of all honor , gl ...
Psa 103:17 .. the mercy of the LORD is from everlasting 2 everlasting upon them that fear him , & amp ; his righteousness un2 children's children ;
If we delight ourselves in the Lord We will receive the desires of our heart
James 3:11 Doth a fountain send forth at the same place sweet water and bitter ?
Faith is believing in what we DON "" T see ! The Just shall live by FAITH ! Hallelujah !
I can only repeat what the Holy Spirit whispers into my ear !
Inspirations Proverbs 13:22 A good man leaveth an inheritance to his children & amp ; #039 ; s children : ... via
Inspirations Just remember ? If they & amp ; #039 ; re talking to you about others , they are talking to ot ... via
Prayers My van is down for good now ! I won & amp ; #039 ; t let it bring me down , but , I do need ano ... via
Inspirations I just have to praise the Lord ! I called that guy & amp ; #039 ; s insurance ... the one who ... via
Are you struggling to get to God because of something in your life MAN call sin ? Jesus died for ALL sins ! You're cleansed by His blood !
"" Give thanks to the LORD and proclaim his greatness . Let the whole world know what he has done . 1 Chronicles 16:8
Lenders may prefer to see a mix of different types of credit like mortgages , credit cards , car & amp ; personal loans .
To conceive & amp ; give birthfor a miracle or for the vision God has given youyou must first plant Gods Word like a seed i
omg me too ! ! ! !
LIVE now Stream Branding 101
do plane selfie ! ! !
Gamers / Steamers are the biggest marketing tools for companies now . Big AND small . Don't sell yourself short . KNOW YOUR WORTH
Thank you for the follows tonight guys . Stream will carry on Wednesday night ! ! I will try to figure out why the blue loading thingy ! ! !
i just found out about spirit week on are people gonna hate me if i do Negan this week and Negan next week ? I am doing
For those of you with the Virtual Cabin , we've updated today !
extra coffee for both of us .
FYI . The Culling is free to play on steam this weekend .
orrrrr if I get on it will be later .
Check out "" Zombie Piano "" on Smule : SingKaraoke
Part of my anxiety problem is everything must be perfect and when it's not I'm triggered big time .
Friends - You don't have to be a subscriber to support a streamer . Just being there can help change someone's life .
RT'S APPRECIATED . Live stream with a sexy title . Nuff said .
Feeling like crap again . Can't tell if I'm getting sick or I'm just achy .
The "" Clash of Clans "" game makes more than $ 1 million a day .
621 followers today and broke 26k followers on You guys rock !
I think I'll keep him ! This self taught special effects artist dave . nagy . 161 is just starting
stay off social media until U watch a season finale ! ! ! !
congrats on yet another milestone for followers ! !
hope you are ok . Hang in there . Drs scare me too .
Shameless gym selfie . Full disclosure : Totally ate a donut after this . Have a great Monday !
I don't know what flavor I want ! Do you have sampler packs ?
Live Now on Thank you for 63,000 followers
family can be messed up .
GOT 7 Reportedly Making Comeback In October ; Agency Responds
lol ngl I honestly could care less about the exo comeback at this point . I'm just so so proud of the china line rn
~ NCT_DREAM NCT EXO Power PowerChallenge MakePower Power ThePowe
[ YT GUIDE 2.0 ] BTS ' DNA ' MV - 24HR MV RELEASE GUIDE How To Stream Tips & amp ; Don'ts Min Goals : 15M in 24H Questions ? D
also can we please talk about the fact that bambam called jinyoung a peach BC IM DYING
~ ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 6
some people are namjoon , other people are yoongi
did you see my DNA 10thWin
can be better is so good and celebrate is such a good album omg I need to get more into highlight
BTS ' LOVE YOURSELF ' album 1 minute summary BTS
TWICE "" LIKEY "" PHOTO 3 MINA TWICE LIKEY 2017.10 . 30 6PM TWICE LIKEY
I love jihoon bUT SEUNGCHEOL FKFMSKMDMS
he did so good omg good job baby
1 Twicetagram LIKEY ~ ~ ? TWICE ! !
ending pose of dwc - > starting pose of im wearing a hat way to start an era
REALLY UNDERRATED GROUPS YALL SHOULD STAN : UP10TION Seven O Clock KNK Cross Gene ToppDogg 24K HOTSHOT GUGUDAN Lovelyz Dr
2 PerfectVelvet ' # ( Peek-A-Boo ) ' 2017.11 . 17 6PM KST RedVelvet Peekabo
EXO'S WINS TODAY WERE LONGER THAN SOME PERFORMANCES LEGENDS ONLY
Where do I sign up to take dance lessons from Their performance was on another level ! BTSxAMAs AMAs
so thankful for all my biases , but these four especially . they never cease to put a smile on my face just at the me
GOT 7 "" "" 1 ! GOT 7 ' s "" If You Do "" M / V hits 100 million views ! Thank you for I
Mingyu and Jeonghan : our personalities dont match also Mingyu and Jeonghan :
even if I die now , Im damn happy armyselcaday
171202 MMA / HQ update V BTS
[ ENG SUB ] BamBam + Chan [ 1/2 ] StrayKids GOT 7
kang seungyoon [ ] winner
GOT 7 Total albums sales on Hanteo . Got It ? : 36k Got : 52k Identify : 63k Just Right : 90k Mad : 75k Mad Winter Edition : 1
I'm at Lotus Cardroom & Cafe w /
Civil procedure , you're going down
New Red Vs Blue episode ! ! ! ! via
HE'S A MONSTER ! KILL THE BEAST ! !
ASU , there is your head and your ass , never the two shall meet . Fix this !
I would not mind having that ...
See that big metal thing with the net ? Put that ball in there . Early and often .
you're so mean to me !
When I run low on cigarettes I feel like John McClain . And think Alan Rickman or Jeremy Irons is trying to kill me . Machine gun . Ho . Ho . Ho .
Totally yelled in class for that goal . Everyone in the room jumped . COME ON FULHAM !
I have a desk !
Wide open net and Parise can't settle it down ! Keep it going Devils !
I'm at Rachel's Classic Burgers ( Hillsboro , OR )
ASU wins , Jets win , UofA loses , Pats lose , Yankees still in first place . An NHL CBA would have made this weekend complete !
Movember begins thursday ! Which means you will see a lot of these "" Please donate "" posts from me !
I'm the hero Hyrule deserves , but not the one it needs right now
Short run to burn off all the pizza and beer from yesterday .
Dear Sinus infection , you have picked a fight you cannot win . I will kill you with salsa and curry and laugh as you run in defeat
PRONK ! ! ! ! ! !
Thank you for the best day trip to Seattle since and I went to the Crab Pot ! GO YANKEES !
Honestly can't figure out why people in Hood River don't look like the people in Wall-E when is here . pizza jerseypie
I'm at Department of Motor Vehicles ( Portland , OR )
Fork Stanford ! ( @ Macadams Bar & amp ; Grill )
I'm at Playdate PDX ( Portland , OR ) w / 5 others
Remember when Davis was blasting Bonds about his test ? Foot , meet mouth .
All 10 gallons of beer that were in the shower are now in kegs . Pineapple Hef and SMaSH pale W / 100 % Munich malt and Perle hops ! homebrew
They ran out of hot dogs ! dollarnothing
Brisket is on and smoking away ! Forgot to take a before picture :-/
Turtle Trampling ! Oregon Zoo Summer Concerts
"" hot as balls , Mom . "" "" How are balls hot ? "" shittamtamsays
idk if I want to be her or just fuck her ? ?
also I still think fall out boy is awesome so whatever
Both of those books are going to make you cry .
can't break my heart can't take my pride
Instagram flirtation is so cute and terrible
quick trip through Twitter and I've realized I need to stop tweeting
better dressed than all those sorority girls tbh
there's a Latina baby Gosling in this world
I've been bedridden for a week , so obviously I've been learning Dothraki .
The "" I hate black people but I like black music "" starter pack ridiculously accurate
"" Car if you try to hit me in the ass , I'm going to get out and beat the shit out of you . "" my mom
Adam Driver is a villain in Star Wars : The Force Awakens . How'd I just find this out ?
You cant get away from yourself by moving from one place to another . Ernest Hemingway
don't look at social media for an hour and there's marriage equality ? cool
they say you can't drown a broken heart but guess what you can damn sure try
my Shakespeare professor was like I didn't include what play the quotes are from but if you don't know we might have bigger problems ... idk
my boyfriend lives 200 + miles away and lives over 450 miles away so really I only hang out with my dog
Bran Stark I can't handle these
oh apparently we're related to this man ? we're related to everyone and everyone's a preacher
Daenerys is totally going to be the bad guy I'm only five minutes in
Clemson's tuition is over $ 13,000 per semester I had scholarships ... once
Josie wants to fight the poodles across the street and is currently barking her head off staring at them
"" Look at this nice lace . This ain't lace . It's strang . ""
this Honda Pilot was gettin it man
Am checking on the twitter friends , hello twitter friends
Patriotism isn't about making everyone stand and salute the flag . Patriotism is about making this a country where everyon
I liked a video Bonnie Tyler - I Need a Hero ( Lyrics )
I liked a video from Congratulations Pewdiepie !
President of the United States : End Forced Marriage in the United States ! - Sign the Petition ! via
I liked a video from Support Don Bluth
THE WINNER OF THE EVIL LITTLE CREATURE CONTEST IS .... Congratulations Jerry ! ! We also add
Using someone else's Facebook Profile to disguise yourself ; clever child C :\ Users \ Guest \ Downloads \ Omegle . html kidsthesedays -.-
I got a message on that insulted my intelligence on Fairly Oddparents . A . Stfu and B . Don't like , don't read -.-
You know why I kept my mouth shut about the Fine Bros ? Because it would've been Ratchet 5 all over again -.-
Happy Birthday from a true Linkin Park fan :)
I added a video to a playlist Danny Gokey - Tell Your Heart to Beat Again
today's her birthday ; celebrating 20 years .
I liked a video The Boys Of Summer
Obviously Kyle would make a better leader than Oh .
I liked a video from GANG BEASTS - Animated Short
I liked a video El Mundo - Chaccaron Maccaron
If anyone is the Mary Sue around here , it's that stupid b * * * * from FairlyOddparents that thought was a good idea KillFOP -.-
I liked a video Update - New Editor ; Growing Around now in Paperback !
I liked a video Colton Dixon - More Of You
I added a video to a playlist Cher - If I Could Turn Back Time ( Official Music Video )
I think Cast Away maybe my favorite Tom Hanks movie outside Toy Story .
I liked a video Your Grace Is Enough by Chris Tomlin
I don't suppose reviews for IronFist are going to get better , are they ? :/
I couldn't disagree with you more .
livefromouterspace 2 : t . Mr . Enter fanboy me : like you need to be a fan of to have an opinion . Blocked -.-
I liked a video Owl City - Not All Heroes Wear Capes ( Acoustic )
I liked a video Stranger Things | Season 2 Comic Con "" Thriller "" Trailer [HD] | Netflix
please be respectful this time Internet
Saw Her today ; I thought Joaquin Phoenix and Scarlett Johansson were really sweet together :)
Nobody is better than anybody . AndiMack
Bad memories only ones that wanna stay Like number 24 better if they fade away
Legends never die Immortal so what am I
don't make me destroy you over twitter
and wherever the game takes me I wont let tht road break me smg
hitting the three wit Kendrick Perkins -_-
I need to get my shit washed
I hate my hours sometimes .... it feels so long being here from 8-6
Another pic from the show at kingdom
Haters on my back like some shoulder pads
Six couldn't come any slower could it
Time to make a suicide juice
Gettin paid for my thoughts call it brain sell
Just a reason to say my name bitch
Loyalty is what brought me in the game Respect is the reason they same my name
I mean Nick Saban just has some large onions ...
It's gonna be a long day
Like primetime mike might fade away Cause I gotta rise up just to hit the jay
QriketLIVE On to round 3 !
Time for a day off
Last of Us 2 looks SO GOOD
tent up for grabs ! Hurry , I've only got 10 ! Come and get yours while you can ! LuckyItemtent
This new Batman anime looks A1
Mannnnn April is gonna have Food Wars season 4 and Boku no Hero season 3
I'm voting for goodmythicalmorning for the streamys bc I want to promise he'll cut his hair if they win
Check out these awesome weekly prizes for Cinco de Mayo from & amp ; GuacIt AvoSweepstakes -
Game 2 .... ready for game 3 ! ! ! TakeTheCrown
Its the last day for a shot at a . All you have to do is RT . Do it ! OpenTheCheer Rules :
I guess he missed me today rottencat catsofinstagram
Q3 . A busy and active life can really work up a sweat ! When do you reach for Haymakers ? LegendaryThirst
It's Halloween Time . Why not read a Halloween Fictional Forensic Accountant Crime Book . Ad
I just entered to win InvitationToHappiness , a guide for a more joyful , authentic , spiritual life Ad
paranormal thriller amazongiveaway Conduit by Angie Martin only 99cents to 11-4 ! Ad
Great promotional campaign ( around 50 % off ) Best Gift for holiday season , sending to parents , friends , children . Ad
Huge pre-winter sale on stylish winter beanies ! I just got one ! Ad
BLACKFRIDAY Thanksgiving AmazonGiveaway giveaway Win an AMAZON Mens Wallet ! Retweet Follow us to enter ! Ad
I'm RTing for a chance to WIN a copy of the FAB ZX Spectrum Games Code Club book this xmas PLZ RT Ad
Play for a chance to win sports tickets you really want ! instantwin winfreestuff via
the Online Marketplace for Succulents is giving away 4 Free 2 "" Succulents ! 3 Winners Ad
"" LIKE "" Tyler Cook on Facebook today ! tylercook author like Ad
Retweet for a Chance to Win This Portable Bluetooth Speaker Ad
See this Portable Bluetooth Speaker Giveaway , win , go ! Ad
This is the year to make all your dreams come true . Start by writing them down ! Ad
Save 40 % on the Evecase 15.6 Laptop Messenger Back with code EVECAS 01 evecase amazon Ad
Check out La La Land's award nominations and competitors for the 2017 Oscars giveaway
Retweet and follow to win the free . Always win a 40 % off coupon code for it ! giveaway
Feeling that time has magical wings ! All items handcrafted by me , check them all ! giveaway
Miles & amp ; Jack are back & amp ; I just entered to win a copy of the sequel to Sideways , giveaway
BOGO Swivel Clip Hook Set AmazonGiveaway enter for free discount code ! giveaway
Check out these awesome socks for sale on Amazon ! ! ! amazongiveaway giveawayamazon free giveaway
BOGO Square Drink Coaster Set AmazonGiveaway enter for free discount code ! giveaway
Check Out This Awesome Deal On This First Aid Kit Use 20OFFFAK to save 20 % giveaway
Sharing your Best Travel Experience on Jackyled Fan Page win Solar Light : giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Pocket Blanket , Waterproof Ripstop Fabric f ... "" by G & amp ; A Creation . giveaway
I found a nice deal on Amazon . 25 % OFF coupon O5Q9TJLH for Vacuum Storage Bags . giveaway
EXACTEMENT ! ! ! ! !
Ok i admit ... it was live ....
cite ta chanson FAV de l'album "" 4 "" de Beyonc ( hors singles )
Mariahlynn is the new Nicki Minaj
DjdhshshsjsjssjkJmsskkzkKkskajbJhahsh dELETE ! ! ! !
hello ladies , take a few minutes out of your day to watch this ICONIC performance of Lady Gaga at the 2009 VMAs
She looks so hot . Justin had her like this when he gave her facials . Lucky bastard
a y est , Ana est rentre chez elle
tout l'heure j'ai cru j'allais me faire casser la gueule au volant ... un mec me COUPE la PRIORIT DROITE ! j'ai continu d'avancer
my two personalities battling out
Suivez la queen de twitwi elle est cute et rigole et trs divertissante
- Vas-y tape ! - Ouais 2 secondes j'arrive -
YOUR PERFECT ! ! ! !
je dconne rooooh un peu d'humeur wesh
stunna don't laugh at my tutorial skillz
Jessie J est tellement SOUS-CTE
mon tel s'est toujours pas teint alors qu'il est toujours 1 %
im convinced that Mariah Carey gets special powers during the holiday season . how is she sitting on an invisible chair ?
PERFECT ! ! ! ! !
MARIAH CAREY REND HOMMAGE JOHNNY HALLIDAY
par contre je deteste quand je clique sur le haut de mon telephone et quil y a pile une notif qui arrive et du coup ca menmen
Cette anne elle a slay les charts
Penguin Band has moved rooms .. Come track with us at
can i get the link to the chat ? Those ice warriors tried to get me t join them .
You should put them on in a online randomizer . Much eaiser .
People don't hire me as author , they hire me as owner .
Rookie will be at Vale Branco ( PT ) Tomorrow at 9 AM PST , 12 PM EST
I just found a Swag Code worth 7 Swag Bucks .
THAT YOU TRACKING ? caps ...
I just won 7 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
Want a membership ? this and get me 200 followers for a giveaway !
Yeah , is Nickname 1 even a mod anymore ? It was like Screenhogs extra account right ?
where do I go to redeem a code ?
You good at the academy ? Everyone I have played quits ... I think because I always beat them . :P
after this next week , I will not be too busy .
Working on Club Penguin Scouts ! Expect to see it up soon . :)
Could be a Divergent Party . :P
Today stats : One follower , No unfollowers via
Scout ( Con 1468 ) for Mod on Spritzo's Twitch ! : GIVE CON 1468 MOD !
Today stats : No new followers , One unfollower via
RT if you Like this merry Walrus Party Quest Idea ! ( its with a Storyline and stuff like OLD cp things )
I have been on Twitter for 3 years and 8 months ( since 20 Jun 2011 ) . And you ?
Yet another great quote from the good doctor . writerslife gonzojournalism HST
Feeling inspired , wrote 2 new poems for a possible collection . How many poems does a poetry book normally have ? amwriting
I Am Chris Farley is one of the best documentaries ever . Watch it , & amp ; try not to cry the end . chrisfarley SNL
The Talisman Review : TuesdayBookBlog amwriting StephenKing
Thanks for the tweet like . I hope you liked the poem as well .
A response 2 HoldenCaulfield CatcherintheRye TuesdayShares TuesdayBookBlog amwriting
A PoetrySunday love poem in a way . "" #Cats Asleep . "" SundayBlogShare amwriting
Day 7 of the marwritingchallenge yields 680 words for a blog post book review coming in a few hours . amwriting
Day 1 of AprWritingChallenge yields 512 words . A struggle , but there's always tomorrow . amwriting
Check out my preview for the new season of AncientAliens FridayShares
Day 20 of JuneWritingChallenge yields 732 words for a blog piece film review . amwriting
do you write & amp ; illustrate ?
SeptWritingChallenge people , do I need to do Instagram in an effort to network and share ?
i didn't even think about that . took me three tries to get to post .
You aren't the only one . Plus , it's getting into the main part of football season .
Finished a poem I started last night .
Check out a rare photography blog entry , "" Farewell to Fall 2016 . "" MondayBlogs
Like a little anguish with your beauty ? Stop by and check out "" Beautiful Agony . "" Poetry
Thank you . I tried .
Check out my FolkloreThursday book review , "" Irish Saints . ""
The start of a new chapter with 804 words . JanWritingChallenge
Any other FebWritingChallenge people in the midnightwriteclub 2nite ? The WIP has made the leap to notebook II .
I thought of 2 , but don't really like either one .
This album helped me out a lot in high school . Still holds a special place in my top 5 .
Only got two chapters trimmed down in an hour . amediting AprWritingChallenge
That's what coaches are for . There's plenty of other vets they could bring in & amp ; get more out o
is there I way I can turn off re-tweets with a simple settings option , or am I forced to just unfollow , or stop using the platform ?
I'd like to share a small writingtip & amp ; my creative philosophy with my MayWritingChallenge people .
This scene looks like it cost as much as the rest of the film combined . Hitchcock 50 TCMParty
It might help to change up the play calling . WeAreND
Check out my poem , "" For Uncle Charlie , May He Rest in Peace . "" RIPCharlesManson MondayBlogs
My meditation app I use for anxiety just told me that I'm "" super in touch with my emotions "" . Thanks , Acting BFA ( the reason I have anxiety ) !
No better way to toast goodbye to summer than with a Pumpkinhead !
Watching AHS : Hotel in a hotel ... why am I doing this to myself ?
People are going to start fires no matter what the laws say so we should probably get rid of the fire dept .
When u remember how bae left you hanging in frigid waters
I just ate a bagel with sriracha cream cheese and I honestly don't think life is going to get any better than that .
A staircase in Portland is made of atheism .
A dog fell asleep in my arms tonight and that is all I need .
How many olives is too many olives ?
I forgot how absolutely NUTSO the movie "" Uptown Girls "" is .
A lot of celebrity kids are so fucked up . And I was like "" what is it besides everything and their faces that bother me about Tru
holy crap , just in the two and a half hours it takes to get to Boston ? Respect .
Pasta has been there for me in a way that few people ever have .
I'm writing a female Jerry Maguire where the most quoted line is , "" You deplete me . ""
the president has taken a harsher stance on Kristen Stewart cheating on Rob Pattinson than he has neo nazi marches and violence
Call me old-fashioned , but I want a man who will protect me like I'm the reputation of a guy he's never met
It's very important to have someone beneficial that doesn't distract you from your goals & amp ; is in your life to help you
I definitely agree it seems like if he talks to a fighter for 2 minutes people starting crediting him for the win
is that why you're so sweet ?
. @CaptainAmerica I stand with TeamCap . TweetMe
& amp ; follow for a chance to WIN a Smuggler's Bounty JEDI box ! REMINDER : This box closes TONIGHT !
Looking for QUALITY & amp ; LUXURIOUS hair extensions ?
PRESTIGE INDIAN HAIR LOCATION : 2901 W Washington Ave Las Vegas , NV 89107 Noon -
omg congrats on the one direction thing i didnt know u had it in you ! !
GROUP HUG ! ! !
me when I stand with my friends
Mom , can u pick me up ..
why I don't delete old messages
THE MOST DRAMATIC MOMENT IN ZOEY 101
I'm traveling into London literally everyday , I could never get bored of this beautiful city !
I want magcon back FollowedByCam
A very special msg from & amp ; Watch the rest here : tumblr 2015
to let know you want a show in your city ! WeDemandRickyandTrevorTour
ugh she is so queen
asktyleranything how do i come out to parents i'm not sure are homophobic or not ...
Rt for an honest indirect - layout - @ - ratio - bio - do I know you - Would I mutual you
i have to be at the airport and on my flight in 4 hours . i don't have anything packed , and i still haven't left my bed .
Call him what he is . A terrorist .
starting up new arkham knight in 10 min come watch the dark night begging
put in work ha :
GTA V ONLINE Heist & amp ; mission money gang ha :
SweetSavings We love ice cream
Tastemade combined avocados & amp ; bacon to make these mouthwatering egg rolls . Don't miss out ! AFMSweepstakes -
"" 23 emotions people feel but can't explain "" OH MY GOD
Twitter is basically just you having a conversation with yourself hoping that someone else will join in .
TodaysKidsWillNeverKnow the games we played
And I'm only 15 now ....
how i picture i'll look with a pony tail vs how i really look
Small progress still counts as an achievement ! It's still a step forward .
I'm really small but I'm still important . I hope you know that applies to you too !
It's really sad that you're too "" rebel "" to respect your own grandfather . One day you'll wish he was still here to tell you you're wrong .
i hate songs that are like 75 % bad but the chorus is so good that you suffer through the whole song just to hear one part
The sun ! ! !
SOMEBODY HELP THIS MAN !
A dog without a paw , gets a hand !
3:23 left in the ballgame , Wildcats lead 34-3 over McAdory ! Wildcats will be at home next Friday vs Bessemer City . Go Wil
Adele , Jennifer Lawrence and Emma Stone . how do I get in on this friendship
Actual footage of my life ..
Chuck & amp ; Blair are the best couple
that one follower you dont really know but always rts / favs ur tweets
I go through phases of liking things . Except Harry Potter . I'm never not obsessed with Harry Potter .
Instead of getting their period girls should just get to sleep for 5 days straight every month everyone wins
If you'd just do the work right to start with , you wouldn't have to blame someone for something they may not have done . justsaying
we're glad you're feeling better
When you put 2 & amp ; 2 together and get 11 Cus you found out more info than you were supposed to
Someone who's never had acne : just wash your face ! Me :
Christopher Wilde and Jessica Olson from Starstruck have reunited
when ppl don't follow the scripted conversation you planned and you have to actually think confessionsofanintrovert
In light of all this hurricane news , I applied to IAppliedToCollege
Fact ! It only counts if you do it like this : Psych cabletvcomedy peopleschoice .
Do you have to be good to be picked ?
for Psych ? Psych cabletvcomedy PeopIesChoice
Are you a fan of delicious flavor ? Then vote for Psych cabletvcomedy PeoplesChoice ! pineapple
Sorry if your feed gets bogged but I have to do this . Someday I hope I can produce something as great as Psych cabletvcomedy
138 - Votes for Psych cabletvcomedy PeoplesChoice
P - Vote for Psych cabletvcomedy PeoplesChoice . & amp ; vote ! via
159 - Votes for Psych cabletvcomedy PeoplesChoice
for Psych cabletvcomedy PeoplesChoice 14
I skipped over to Gus Walks Into a Bank epi of Psych cause I needs my commentary Psych cabletvcomedy PeoplesChoice
cirque du soul Psych cabletvcomedy PeoplesChoice
I voted for Psych cabletvcomedy PeoplesChoice . Retweet to vote via
Keep voting Psych cabletvcomedy PeoplesChoice - U
psych cabletvcomedy PeoplesChoice do it for the children
Please RETWEET PSYCH PeoplesChoice cabletvcomedy
N - Keep voting & amp ; tweeting for Psych cabletvcomedy PeoplesChoice !
Yz - Help keep Psych Twitter Votes up ! Vote it , Tweet it & amp ; Psych cabletvcomedy PeoplesChoice
But we can do it without spamming ! ! Psych cabletvcomedy peopleschoice
I just voted for Psych cabletvcomedy PeoplesChoice . Retweet to vote via
Happy Holidays ! I want to win the JackRyan prize pack from YGiveaway
The final SpiderMan trailer arrivesTOMORROW . Ad Sponsored -
I voteloki to win Favorite Character at the 2014 movieawards ! See who's in the lead : Presented by
Round em ' up ! LongLiveLongmire LongmirePosse
Hi I met you and I had so many things running through my head I didn't even talk with you . I am a really big fan .
This section at my TRU is filled with Mattel Suicide Squad figures .
Also is the twitter page of my fan page on facebook I told you about .
Working hard today ... No doubt about it :)
I love these Space Painting cards !
& amp ; follow for a chance to win a Exclusive Onyx Glitter Black Panther Pop ! !
We all know someone that never shuts up named Alex
more like friends . also says you
guys I made it to the big screen
6 years ago I found her on YouTube , 6 years ago I found inspiration , 5 hours ago , the world lost a beautiful soul .
* gymnast does a triple-double ultra-spin backflip-frontflip but takes a tiny step when she lands * ME : [ mouthful of Pringles
do u ever have that boyfriend who's not actually ur boyfriend but he still urs and it hurts when he don't see it
What did we do to deserve dogs ?
Im thankful for everyone who is not in my life anymore , you are helping me grow and you are helping me become a great p
Found this strange thing in my yard . Baby Killik ? SWEU
I'm Dusty . I mean , my name is Dusty . I'm not actually dusty .
I thought I was a good pilot . But youyoure amazing . StarWarsRebels ANewDawn
Marvel will be throwing StarWars launch parties at comic shops for the release of Star Wars 1 on January 14th . More info
One of Quin's Christmas presents delivered . Tempted to keep the stickers . You know , because he would just ruin them
"" How beautiful was the universe , Luke thought . How beautifully flowing , glorious and aglow like the robe of a queen .. "" Weird start . SWEU
I love copylothcat . I am going to steal that too
I will find you . I will complete my quest
Ok , so the BB - 8 emoji when you use the hashtag StarWarsCelebration is pretty awesome
Do you know who Ryan Gosling is ?
Maybe it's just personal preference . I've never liked the idea of non Force sensitives wielding a lightsaber
Oh , these look so cool . DisneyInfinity TheForceAwakens
I'm constantly changing my order , but currently .. RotJ ANH ESB RotS AotC TPM
New episode ! Our interview with author of The Force Awakens Visual Dictionary
Oh wow . Congrats on getting to go !
Gonna hold off on checking that box . I think Snap was a movie concept before showing up on page .
Yeah even though the game is cancelled the figures are still worth collecting . And they are on clearance everywhere !
How do you pick just 5 ?
. @avgoins watching StarWarsRebels at the bar after a long day at NYCC !
Haven't seen the movie in so long . I think I'm gonna watch Prisoner of Azkaban tonight . What's your house , Drew ?
Everything about this screams Legends . My inner fanboy is smiling . StarWarsRebels
See you there , Tom !
I don't usually check the mail on Saturday , but today I'm glad I did . StarWars Thrawn
So Depa Billaba is pretty awesome .. Marvel StarWars
I love Fett and Luke . I'm also cool if I'm only one who does . And you have every right to be bored by them
One of the best moments in all of Star Wars
Capaldi says he was tipped off the Doctor might be a woman by his clothing store . BBC had ordered a smaller waisted ver
My biggest takeaway from watching JusticeLeague last night .. Id watch a Flash standalone movie
New poster up at the desk . StarWars TheLastJedi
Who's the better blonde ?
. @s8n YOU'RE JUST MAD CAUSE LAST TIME I DID ALL THE COCAINE LMAOOO
DO NOT ASK WHY ... but it is 2AM and I need your help figuring out the answer to this question .
A rare picture of Frank and Dee . Season 2 .
Where in God's name does the sound from doorbells come from ? ?
I liked a video from Crochet Baby Dress - Solomon's Knot Crafting Crochet Geek July 23
Im on the list to score a FREE Bombshell Eau de Parfum Rollerball & amp ; you can be too :
Need to replace my wife's golden arm before she sees it's missing ! Too late ! ! ARGH ! ! ! swaghook
I don't get how some girls have a new boyfriend every week
55 RETWEETS and I will have a birthday party
while is on a cruise
may sound weird , but I love that people come to w their problems . It's good to know people can trust me & amp ; are willing to
omg ur so annoying ! ! ! !
the biggest spider I have ever seen was just crawling on my leg , I just died
School starts in five days and I don't have my backpack school supplies or schedule yet
thanks livy ! ! love you
happy birthday ! ! have a great day :)
the stress just never ends
like for a hdm ... you'll get it tonight or tomorrow
happy birthday delaney ! I miss you so much hope everything is well in Cali
happy birthday to 1 of my best friends ! ! you're the sweetest and I love you . we are gonna have a great day together
the letter / / kehlani
Happy birthday have a good one ! !
vip meet n greet the bourbon w ! ! !
Thank u brooke I love you
Blessed and excited to announce I will be furthering my academic and basketball career at the University of Nebraska at Om
My dad finally got his puppy , needless to say he is pretty excited .
miss kylie only cares for black customers when the competition is taking them but we been knew lmao
Get those right two the entire fuck outta here .
If your kid goes to meet a chicken nugget that shits just natural selection at that point
She went to the mountains of Nepal and told a local farmer that her 150 rupee ( $ 1.45 ) tea was too expensive . She earned
Me during the national anthem .
When a song has a Birdman feature
jesus was from the middle east , he wouIdnt be allowed into the USA at all let alone the oval office . go back to sunday school
Muslims ? BAN THEM Abortions ? BAN THEM Not standing for the National Anthem ? BAN IT Guns ? Shut tf up libtard ! Bans don't
Skeleton makeup with a lil twist Neon Rainbow Skeleton
Corn dogs come on a wooden stick ... tell her to slow the fuck down when she eating .
the worst writing online is those quirky 17 - paragraph preambles recipe bloggers post before telling you what to put in your fuck
They better be about the weather .
Classmate : I heard this test is tough , Im thinking about trying to cheat Me :
I am ... PRAYING ... that it was part of the photoshoot concept
Its really annoying that Ive given up hope in having a serious relationship in my 20s lmao
thought somebodys hairy ass was spread open i almost had to block u
My dog got hit by a car and I don't have enough money for the vet bill or medications , I hate to ask but if anyone coul
We dont want our truth trivialized . The label of comedy is often a trivial thing . The real question is , what are you l
New tax bill in a nutshell : Jet owners can write off jets . Teachers cant write off school supplies .
Ladies text a close male friend I know we are good friends but I have always been attracted to u . I hope Im not coming off
Okay but real talk , the black women church hats facing off with the Brit women hats at Harry and Meghans wedding is gonna
Hey , you're the moron that agreed to stab a colleague in the back so you could recycle jokes and film superheroes in wonk
fck the dancing .... the hype man got me in tears LMAOOO
Now this is the kinda gender reveal i can do
This boy was attacked by a pack of dogs and his parents are both unemployed trying to care for his medical expenses ! ! ! Donat
me : please make some serotonin pleasE i'm dying - plEaSe my brain : ... .. my brain : ... my brain : anyways , this week's vi
Good morning good night Good everyting
Top night last night , but this has to be the highlight
Which are you ? for left Fav for right
Hey everyone me and have a collab channel called wierdomajesticplays please check it out ! ! !
Whats stopping you from ordering yours ? Link is in my bio ! makeup highend allnatural younique
I am so close ! ! ! ! $ 205.80 in sales away from my promotion i have been working so hard for in the last
Do you love what you do ? ? ? ? I know I love my job ! ! ! ! YOUNIQUE PRESENTER , MOTHER , WIFE & amp ; FRIEND ! ! ! ! ! !
Snuggles & amp ; a movie last night ! ! ! ! ! ! little toddler toddlerlife princess oilfieldprincess
I am 37 points away from receiving 20 $ y cash so I can make an order for a giveaway at the end of the
Thank you to the beautiful Angela for your 3D + mascara order ! ! ! ! ! ! ! You are going to fall in love
BBQ with the cousins ! ! ! Love family fun time ! ! ! & amp ; the kids are like BFFs ! ! ! ! ! !
I also finished putting up all my Halloween decorations yay ! ! ! halloween decor love october
My take on yesterday's look I posted ! ! ! ! I absolutely looooove it and will most definitely be wearing
Maverick's first time playing in the snow ! He loved it ! His favorite parts were falling back
From now until the end of this month when you order a collection you receive a travel size
A break from yard work for some ice cream sandwichea ! ! ! cuties icecreambreak princesses
Looooooove our birdbath & amp ; flower bed in our front yard ! ! ! ! such a wonderful housewarming gift
Such a fun day with some great friends painting pumpkins and hanging out ! ! Now to take a nap
Omg so yesterday Tom gave me an elf gift card on top of everything else then just now I was
Road trip activity to pass the time ! ! ! ! minifamilyvaca crochet rapidcity mountrushmore
did you get steam and rift to work ?
lol you didn't set up your community profile
My lil bro max killin it ! Please watch and share ! via
for me to take what's mine
Fuck , today is gonna suck ass
Some of my favorite bands are here tonight :D I love Papa Roach
"" Even Wrestlemania where we ruined one good thing . "" - My dad , still not over The Undertaker's streak and never will be
Fight for honor , fight for your life . Pray to God that our side is right . Even though we won , I still may lose Until I make it home to you
SEVENFOLD SATURDAY ! ! ! !
don't look my way for help , from the beginning you came to me
So do you know like the top of a volcano ?
This shit have me like killer
do what I did and drink fireball
I love bass , I wish I had one
? ? ? ? ? !
Bad sleeping schedule again :(
because my friend wants to play gears with me at 12 in the morning because it's launching at that time
H . E . R babe julianamenchaca is rocking the Lizzie dress today And did we mention it
When the weather gets warm we'll be rocking our graphic tee + shorts
Get the look ! New railsla Hunter flannel in white and marine as seen on the gorgeous Kourtney
Relaxed Sunday vibes with our Z-Supply basic tee + flowy shorts Take it easy today basics
This may be the softest thing we ever felt ! And the most perfect fitting Tee dress ever . via
New items added to our sale rack ! Who doesn't love 50 % off ? ! sale salerack herboutique
It's Friday everybody ! We hope everyone has a great weekend happyfriday tgif herboutique
We're staying warm & amp ; cozy in this comfy Moving Mountains Hooded Cardigan . Shop link in bio & amp ;
Happy first day of Spring ! ShopatHER firstdayofspring hellospring spring flowers
Floral muse Shop floral printed dresses by tapping the link in bio ! ShopatHER ootd dress thursday
Throw it back in our Heritage Overall Dress & amp ; our Knit Pick Ivory Striped Crop Top ootd
Who's going to the beach this weekend ? beach weekend keepcool friday / / Repost : via IG
wearing our Streets Of Barcelona Embroidered Top & amp ; Paradise Rings Shop
Peace Shop the romper here : ShopatHER ootd
When the temperatures begin to drop , booties become an essential in your wardrobe ! Shop these new booties in store !
Brunch with the girls wearing HER . Shop to get the looks ! ShopatHER
Boost your confidence when wearing the Sweet Nothings Black Lace-Up Dress Shop the dress
SPRINGBREAK is almost here & amp ; these Jack By BB Dakota Calla Blue Shorts are calling your name ! Get the shorts :
The details of our Ancient Ruins Tan And Ivory Laser Cut Reversible Tote ( shop link in bio )
The perfect combo - boyfriend tank and a fluffy pup Shop the tank by clicking
Tacos are my life if you need this shirt ! Now available online ! Shop HERBOUTIQUE
Transform your Fall wardrobe by adding this Floral Long Sleeve Top Shop this look in our store !
My house is now level 3 in Design This Home ! Get Design This Home for FREE here : DesignThisHome
This Powerball gig is really unifying Americans . There's so much camaraderie and once you play everyone seems to ...
Trooper - Oregon Humane Society
My parents dont realize Im a pretty good kid compared to most teens these days
bless all the teen parents that are doing what they need to do to be the best parents they can despite what they're up aga
i am a christian but i don't like the christian community , they make me uncomfortable
i am such a party pooper
i almost had to fight an elderly man at work tonight
was amazing last night ! so happy i got to see him live !
Time for the big dawg ! ! !
thanks for chatting with us Saturday night . It was very nice to meet you !
They would rather put in essentially a glorified insert as a box hit instead of paying the e
Especially on a place like Twitter were 99 % of our interaction is through written word . You don't need to use the same phrases as everybody .
Oh well That's what tomorrow's for .
And why is 2-1 B lumped in with the bounty hunters ? I smell a character story waiting to be written .
Awesome ! And you can always catch up on the replay whenever you want
Fortunately Lucasfilm has a good checks and balances system . Not the best news but I trustthelucasfilmprocess
Looks like I'll be living outside the city when the time comes lol . Traffic isn't bad there , right ? Right .... ?
Fortunately "" all of the above "" is ALWAYS an option with Star Wars
You kinda have to .
All over Puerto Rico , people are facing the challenging task of recovering from the damage wrought by Maria
A Trump Thread In A Time Of Crisis : - Narcissistic - Defensive - Insulting - Multiple references to himself in the thir
we are rewatching ER right now and just wanted to say you were fantastic on the show . Great job !
That and Jurassic Park . Stan Winston was my hero .
Whoa ! Didn't realize Annie is working on this too ! Color me waaaaaaaaaaay
Absolutely . He probably hated bring people on the Ghost after it was just the two of them .
Such a dick move for so many reasons
Look at them . Look at their faces . LOOK ! This is the price of our apathy . This is what the NRA has bought .
And before someone asks again let me say that I purchased this cup from a movie theater yesterday . I then took the
( I wish I could edit my damn typos ... ) the , not he
A new haircut does not a good basketball make .
"" Execute Order 66 . "" "" Yeah , no thanks . ""
No chill . I love it .
I actually ended picking up the book the other day . I needed the picture of the homing bracelet . Thank you though :)
I wish Rose was part of it . Because Rose is awesome and I wanna be like her when I grow up .
My kid bamboozled me into volunteering at her holiday party . She didn't tell me she wanted me to come to help lol .
Want to join the coolest club in the PNW ?
It's the best day of the year !
For old times sake , heres the official car of the 1962 Seattle Worlds Fair .
Words to live by : Never let the sun go down on a dirty car .
BearOfTheDay : Seriously ? Jaywalking ? I was just trying to cross the street !
We couldn't agree more . Where would you go if you could go anywhere ?
Now that's the dream !
POLL QUESTION : Would you rather have a dock and no boat or a boat and no dock ?
A great list of SpringBreak plans from
"" Okay , everyone . Act Normal "" BearOfTheDay
We're happy to hear that !
We are so sorry ! If you return to the location where this happened they will make certain it gets cleaned ( for free of course ) !
We're so sorry ! We're working to fix it asap !
We like your thinking !
Come see us , we're what you'd call experts on the subject
The smell of success ! Thanks for stopping by .
We wish each and every one of you beautiful people a very happy Labor Day .
We're going to look into this for you and get back to you ASAP !
Happy Thanksgiving ! Remember to give thanks and feast like youre preparing for hibernation .
Come by and find out , Lacey !
There's nothing like reuniting with an old friend that you haven't seen for months . BearoftheDay ( PC : IG user griz
Our Paw Packs make it easier than ever to keep a clean car and stay one step ahead of all the pollen from Spring .
Whoever named CapeDisappointment must have been incredibly hard to impress . PNW
Staying in shape when you live in the woods requires plenty of creativity . BrownBear BearoftheDay ( PC : IG user be
Good point , we support your decision .
Thanks for choosing Brown Bear , Josh !
This pretty much sums up how every brownbear spends LaborDay . BearoftheDay ( PC : IG user vollotravel )
The best way to raise funds for you non-profit ? With us , of course !
When winter strikes , where is your favorite PNW escape ?
Even if it's not the real Benny there's something so sad about him trying to get Dean to kill himself Supernatural thewertherproject
Lucas working for the DiMeras ? This will not end well and I'm totally into it . dool days
right ? And then they were all surprised that we'd seen demon ! Dean coming a mile away
You guys deserve it , that parody is FIERCE
even someone else's ( yours ) are the next best thing
I think they do . Spike gets an airship run by giant insects .
Thanks SO MUCH to and all the awesome SPNFamiIy at DenverCon 2015 We had a great time as always ! AlwaysKeepFight
Oh God in glasses ... vegascon
I've only listened to a couple dozen eps , but it's great . The Manson series is phenomenal
ppl make you depressed by reading their status imma have to stay away from there its like the devil out to get you on fb lol
i'm terrified of time and the way it moves with or without us
do you ever get so drunk you lose your phone case and have to buy one from walmart while you're hungover the next day because same
i'm sorry you feel that way hun
"" pretty , skinny naivety ""
my lax hasn't kicked in yet but i'm up 4 pounds because i ate so much yesterday
I'd like to thank my mom for stopping what she was doing to take pictures of me after slipping on a clothes hanger .
why would I not go
hell yeah we did ! Lol
I love my momma so much mommasgirl
Ay ay ay sin nada de sueno
i keep re-reading the conversations knowing ill only feel worse
are u coming too or just ur dad and I ?
what am i gonna wear
Is it normal to feel anger towards a television show ?
LOL k mom ignore my call .
Meet Olive Avery Lawson .
Wow I'm so bored .. someone go to Starbucks with me . _ .
Ok mom that doesn't count -.-
Giving everything n getting nothing in return storyofmylife
Ok but like seriously does someone wanna be amazing and get me something to eat
SOOOOO many of my relatives don't talk to me but they're so quick to gossip n make shit up about me 2fab4u
Hospitals are such a drag just thinking about ' em depresses me
Fear ends where faith begins
Hope karma gets the guy that injured my bf in the game today
fuck Utah loll come back already ; - ; you know how much easier it would be to do stupid shit now that I have a car xD
yo doesn't this kid go to school ? ?
I'm still here ! ! ! !
Do you have what it it takes to own a business ? Visit here for the coolest home business around work_at_home
Part-time income with full time pay . Check it out here for the greatest home based business around BYOB
Switch your phone to for great mobile service !
Good Morning ! ! twa teamnatural curls coils kinks kinkyhair puff growth shrinkage nolye
Student grabbed by stranger outside Vernon school escapes uninjured
CNN : Charleston church shooting : Multiple fatalities in South Carolina , source says
So excited 2 share ThePerfectGuy official poster w / u . just saw the final cut yesterday & amp ; CANT WAIT 4 u 2 c it .
listen I don't party to the lights come on .
Americas youngest convicted killers scheduled to be released after 18 years .
Wtf ! ! Ugh I can't take it , so much suspense ! I don't want 10 to come !
With my dad .. teamnatural natural nolye curls #newjersey New Jersey State Line
The other night .. halloween halloween 2016 kitty cat naturalhair curls kinks
Take a stand with us & amp ; help make RefugeesWelcome .
So our new album is called Made in the A . M . Can't wait for you all to hear it !
We love your arena ! Sickest place .. Feels like home
Acoustic rockin about the other day in Melbourne
Top night again Birmingham .... Need a good nights sleep tonight , the voice is starting to struggle with all these back
Who still can't get enough of 1DPerfect ?
Have you spotted what's new in the MadeInTheAM space today ? Let us know !
Thank you Teen Awards ! !
Are you listening to 1D ' s Teen Party playlist takeover ? Head to now ! 1DTeenParty
Sometimes I stress out about band things , and then I remember the fans most favorite song of ours is a 43 second long song
Is anyone else in the mood for WhatAFeeling today ? We sure are !
Cough cough cough cough .. so annoying !
I wrote this with my nose
Thank you to everyone who voted for the KCAs . You're always lovely to us . H
There's an Oat in my throat .
Lovellyyyyy ! Thanks guys for the award . The support you keep giving us while we're on the break is incredible ,
Remember that weekend , we got outta town ... drove into infinity
Headed to San Diego ! Partially for ComicCon but mostly to catch some Pokemon .
Donate to MusAid here and share this link to help spread the word about our charity drive ! butttrumpet
I said yep , what a concept , I could use a little black-tar heroin
What if clouds are just really fat ghosts ?
You want to see me murder my Worms friends again ? Alright then ! ! !
Have only really got a feel for the reaction now as I'm reading online . Really appreciate the support from you all ..
I liked a video from THE ULTIMATE JUGGERBOX ! ! ! WHAT THE BOX 2
I liked a video from BEST GLITCH EVER ! ! Dead By Daylight Stream Highlight
"" things ive never bean ""
I'm earning rewards in Office Zombie . mPOINTS
Very excited to share this with you guys !
So sad to see Jason go home on bb17 tonight ! My thought ? He BELONGS on Television ! ! Hosting gig ? ! ! bbsoundoff
Zoos "" tap "" into NFC technology to facilitate on-site pictures for visitors ? DFWZoo ZooLoversDay
CRAZY HILARIOUS DRY ICE EXPERIMENT ! : via
Preach ! ! ! So sick of it ... the birds are like wtf ... lol make up your mind weather .
I added a video to a playlist FORMAL DINNER GONE HORRIBLY WRONG
I added a video to a playlist SHE'S ADDICTED TO TATTOOS
I agree 100 % gladiator family
I will take the 84 . That 32 is like ohio weather lol
Spy glasses giveaway is almost over ! You're chances are pretty good to win these ! Following random ppl who this ;)
Its all fun and games until you get into a romper accident .
452,353 subs ! ! If you like creativity and family subscribe to on Youtube ! GilTo 500K
My bed is my happy place if you agree
only needs 31k subscriber's 2 reach goal gilto 500k giveaway XboxOneS skydive
I liked a video WITHOUT A PADDLE
Still in my prayers . sending love and positivity your way .
A SERIES OF FANTASTIC FAILS * * 500K XBOX GIVEAWAY * * : via
youre missing out on some mighty fine pubg ;) have fun guys !
Count me in ! Resurrect my 4Runner
You are so right Pete . Because when their gone you wish you had one more moment to tell them how much they
Sometimes 140 characters is not enough lol ...
I'm here man it's packed lol
Always got to represent & amp ; the Gladiators
Is it too late to stream some PUBG ? ! ? ! I need to know who wants to hang
Norman we love you so muchr . i . p . to your uncle thoughts and prayers are with you and your family .
go check out channel really sweet video subscribe like share
This is Keaton Jones , he lives in Knoxville and he has a little something to say about bullying .
I liked a video Travie McCoy : Billionaire ft . Bruno Mars [ OFFICIAL VIDEO ]
Just watching the Artie Lange Show and the Andrew Dice Clay is on too funny !
Today stats : 3 followers , No unfollowers via
hey gorgeous sorry I missed wishing you a Happy New Years ! Hope you have a great 2014 forgiveme
they grow up way too fast my daughter is going to be a sophomore next year !
Well it's finally starting to heat up around here ! I think Summer is starting to kick in . Remember last Winter is what I keep telling myself
hi Paula glad you are making it back . Admire your honesty through all of your trials . Is Sarah M still with you ?
Today stats : One follower , One unfollower via
Race Day ! Giving away another shirt Retweet this tweet for a chance to win a T-shirt autographed by me and the crew . NHR
sweet dreams pretty lady !
He tried to fake sleep and laughed when she caught him
. @adamlevine VoicePlayoffs make sure Lilly keeps in the race Adam !
Fiona is on her rug siamesecat adorable
i still ask "" you promise ? "" like a little kid . idc .
darn ;) JK Seriously , gay marriage will not force those of us in straight marriages to break up . I promise !
5th Ave in Huntington . flooding severeweather
20 minutes to kickoff vs . Follow live stats here : WeAre
Marching Thunder closing out the night with a great performance before awards presentation ! ! ThunderingHerd
HERD brings the heat 2 cook Rice = cheesy but my fav saying since I devised Curry smothered Rice during days
YES ! ! ! I liked the white though and I loved that my 80s , 90s , and 2013 all collided onstage
How amazing was that episode ? ! Such a heart breaking and beautiful coming out story . Such gorgeous writing . Such shock
If we hit 5.8 k followers by 11:59 PM EDT , 3 fans will get 4k coins . If we hit 5.9 k , 6 fans get 8k coins . If we hit 6k , 9 fan
BEAST Let's be real Lauren chamberlain should be the player of the year stillgood tornpcl dl23days
Happy birthday to me game tonight ! Thanks I am so excited already dodgerFan and redsFan
RedsWinItFirst and I want to win this Bruuuuuuuce bobble head
"" The Joan "" is a fantastic college football venue . So much history and such a bright future . See you Saturday .
Thanks for conference swag deranged
Herd fans , is on the move and we need your help . Get your Rice tickets today . BeatRice protecttheM
All fans right now : "" Yeeeeeesssssss ! Noooooooooooooo ! ""
Damn was ready to go all McGuiver ScandaI backtothedrawingboard
I'm feeling a little Zzzzz ;)
so the assumption is only one game today because of weather ? I'm at work until 3 and wasn't sure if I should go to field
Today's the day at GoHerd BleedGreen BBN unless they play herd
I will always love Lilly of the Valley I have a few plants in front of my house - it's scent will always remind me
Nothing better than winning some gear from & amp ; alumni while watching NPFo
TAYLOR EDWARDS WITH THE WALK OFF FOR THE What a great game ! NPFonCBS NPF 2015
I just published the text of what I tried to say in my marac 15 talk here thank you ! !
Paying the price for 3 lazy snow days wrecked
B5 : Brittanie Fowler with 2 Ks strands 3 runners on base . Herd leads 3-2 . BEHERD
Hanging out in WVLAfall 2016 session supporting my colleagues instruction literacy websites libra
fakenews is not new ! librarians have always battled informationliteracy WVLA SpringFling 2017 sourceevaluation s1
Gameday ! ! LetsGoHerd IAmBecauseWeAre
To be fair , I don't just hate Nazis . I also hate proximity Nazis , closet Nazis , reactionary Nazis , undercover Nazis and Na
& amp ; I still hate sitting under this dryer !
She's so fresh , she don't even need Summer's Eve .
Pull up in his dm like HEYYYYY BIG HEAD !
I just noticed why I been cranky I haven't ate
When you walk into a room full of people your suppose to demand everyone's attention silently .
When your social media famous if people see you on public transportation becomes a photo op
I got a check in this bag , don't get it twisted . I can push something off the lot of I wanted
You know why these niggas respect my shit , cause I'm on my shit .
Flexin ' on that nigga , hol'up . I ain't texting back that nigga , hol'up . I ain't stressing ' bout that nigga , hol'up .
I ain't scared of none of y'all bitches & amp ; bitches DO NOT want smoke w | me .. So kill all that talking before I fly back & amp ; dr
has always been a genius , I wish I coulda got some of the collection in 2012
I love me a good hoe story
I swear on Jesus slippers !
they need you , bc this seasons cast is garbage lmao only 2 pretty girls
On the real I wish I thought of you less .
One day they will point at the cover of Forbes and say "" I knew that girl ""
Dont Worry If People Don't Like You Most People Are Struggling To Like Themselves .
"" they really elected me , i was just playing ""
Your a slob kabob ..
I don't eat warm brownies
I only say I love you so I can hear it back .
Pardon my French matter ah fact pardon my flex .
I've always been a by any means necessary type of person , I'm going to make it my business to make to take my mother out the hood .
Always knew how to fucking adapt nigga .
So tired of yall no money gettin bloggers .
Working on wedding albums today !
I posted a new photo to Facebook
I posted a new photo to Facebook
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Nexercise for working out -
HasbroPartyGames This looks so exciting ! ! I hope we get to host this party !
I just used Punchcard at Kroger , and won 5 Points ! WOO HOO ! !
A pen that lets you scan and write in any color .
I just realized that finals are in less than four months .
If you think that the world is full of nice people , open your eyes and wake up from your dreamlike illusion .
The episode when he smashes him into the wall multiple times until his teeth fall out .
an accurate depiction of my life
It's not like I know a member of the American Mafia or anything .
I subscribed to you .
"" It was my duty to shoot the enemy and I don't regret it . My Regrets are the people I couldn't save . "" - Chris Kyle
The world is full of good people . If you can't find one , be one .
Boycott Monsanto A Simple List of Companies to Avoid ~
Who else is part of the night before club ?
"" Bringing back ? "" It was always like this .
Well , ain't that obvious ? Even though I don't like either of them , Clinton is indeed better than Trump .
It's ridiculous how they do all of this and no one notices whatsoever ... The media has so much control ove
Looks like a seizure to me .
Beckham's new tattoo is beautiful .
Here we are ( @ Apple Inc . w / 3 others )
I just ousted RAMSES s . as the mayor of | Cha's on
can we finger kiss now Craig ? Or at least let me run my fingers through that lush hair ;)
SF Mono is real and its glorious !
OMGOMGOMG the Allstar Weekend concert was AHMAZING ! ! ! Before you exit was sooo awesome and Riley ( the lead singer ) was soooo cute !
If we don't have at least a delay tomorrow I might cry .
So apparently Tim Burton was at the Olive Garden around 5 today . I went there at 7:30 . Damn .
Hate not being able to drive
"" You're such a bitch "" Me :
to save a life . Valentine's Day is coming !
This man rescued this pitbull from being a bait dog and this is them being reunited . ( for anyone having a bad day )
Here is Cookie Monster with a puppy to get you through your day
Reminder : today is my grad party ! Don't forget to stop by with a swimsuit and a big appetite
WHY ARE PEOPLE WEARING SHORTS
idk who else to but this and wtf is up Kyle are probs the most relevant vines to our lives
"" Oh my god her LITERAL tit is out "" - some bitches
My husband had a sudden heart attack a few months ago . It was just a few blocks from here . They called me in to identify h
rboles de Cereza | Japn . Photo Pic Art
Nryfjord y Geirangerfjor , Noruega Photo Pic Art
Artist : K . J . Hultberg American Painter . WILDLIFE Photo Pic Art
Painter Manuel Garcia y Rodriguez | A River Beauty in Art Photo Pic Art
Paul de Longpr ( French , 18551911 ) Photo Pic Art
Artist Francesco Mangialardi Photo Pic Art
Guyana , Colombia , Paraguay , Peru , Suriname , Chile , Uruguay , Venezuela Hello with love Photo Pic Art
Vidrieras torre de agua | Brooklyn , Nueva York . Photo Pic Art
Bucharest , Romania . Photo Pic Art
Mar de Corts | Sonora . Photo Pic Art
Vistas desde el interior de uno de los taxis de Bangkok , los tuk tuks . Photo Pic Art
Huachimontones . Teuchitln , Jalisco . Photo Pic Art
Painter Anne Cotterill Beauty in Art Photo Pic Art
Cars Drawing by Diego Floridi ( Italy ) Beauty in Art Photo Pic Art
Universidad de Guanajuato . Photo Pic Art
Invierno en Pars . Photo Pic Art
Las ruinas Mayas en la Tonina , Chiapas Photo Pic Art
Monumento a la Independencia . Guadalajara , Jalisco . Photo Pic Art
Tonal , Jalisco . Mxico . Photo Pic Art
La torre de Pisa | Italia . Photo Pic Art
Paisaje urbano de Chicago - Illinois . Photo Pic Art
Puesta del sol | Sud frica . Photo Pic Art
Cascada Myrtle - Washington . Photo Pic Art
Painter Nathalie Armand Beauty in Art Photo Pic Art
Henry Herbert La Thangue ( 1859-1929 ) British PainterGENRE Photo Pic Art
Edificios y zona urbana de Santa Fe , CDMX Photo Pic Art
Monte Elefante - China . Photo Pic Art
Monumento a la Patria , Mrida Yucatn . Photo Pic Art
Painter MARY KAY WEST Photo Pic Art
La costa del Mar de Cortes Photo Pic Art
Olvdate de los Millennials : La edad no importa .
[Infografa] Lnea de tiempo de las Tecnologas del Futuro inboundmarketing
If they ever bring this bit back for the Spider-man Homecoming sequel , would be perfect for the part .
Get Paradise Island for free on Android ! Android Androidgames ! Join my friends !
just reached level 21 on Paradise Island on my Android Android Androidgames
did you think that we were finished with you already ?
ahahaha today was awful :)
this one girl keeps talking shit and we've barely ever talked ok honey
yikess some people take stuff like that so seriously
no offense but john krasinski is fine as fuck
6 . matthew gray gubler - the cutest . constantly blesses me - too pure but also daddy ? ? ya feel ? - sunshine
* * * * * * * * is so triggering hhh
we began with honesty , let us end in it too
FUCK YEAH LET THAT BITCH BURN IN HELL ! ! BYE SWEATY CriminalMinds
Peter the Great invented the radiator ! It makes sense because Russia at that time was known for it's very intense cold w
George RR Martin has 2 words if you think he'll die before finishing Game Of Thrones books
So , coach is coming back . Craig T Nelson will not go on food stamps after Parenthood . Coach
Never have I seen legislative action that reveals such clear disdain for the human dignity of the most vulnerable among u
You can't make time ; so those who waste the least , achieve the most . - Tim Fargo quote
The investigation continues right NOW . if you're watching KillingFields on
Who would you be if the world never gave you a label ? IAmNotALabel NoToRacism NoToLabels ...
justcutevines : DAMN IT COOPER Im Cooper ! ! ! ! Oh my God ! So sweet , Daisey deserves her own !
Wow ! Lol That avi was made for me by my great niece ! Lol
carl-poppa : carl grimes meme : 4 episodes [ ] after ( s409 ) I have soooo loved being able to watch ...
He looks REALLY comfy ! Bet he's dreaming of home !
animalrates : this pupper is high af but still managed to make a pizza roll necklace . stunning 11/10 ...
lunalightvibes : fact , black cats are less likely to be adopted because of superstition . re blog if you ...
babyanimalgifs : ugh corgi puppies are just so cute more baby animals here Aawwww ! Im in love !
URGENT NYC CATS sweet innocent LUIE needs us by 8/ 27 - PLS RT / adopt / foster / pledge !
Looks almost like alien city ! Astounding something like that is natural . Mother Nature is amazing !
I only got to see a tiny bit ! But that man has a very nice voice ! Thanks for letting us sit with you all ! XX
Awwww ! He's making clouds ! ! !
That's unbelievable ! My old peasant stomach wouldn't know what to do with something that expensive ! ! Lol
Those ARE creative ! ! ! ! I absolutely LOVE the motorcycle ! ! ! ! !
seeaann : WELCOME TO SEA WORLD MOTHERFUCKER
How creative ! ! ! ! And artistic ! very cool !
To all my fellow "" tweeters "" out there ... Good night and sweet dreams ! XX
Beautiful ... Like something from The Hobbit !
Pebbles was rehomed after her first family couldn't cope & amp ; now loves her new home . Pls always consider rescue when choosing
GOOD LORD ! ! ! Thats amazing ! Those must take hours !
OH my God ! ! ! I just realized I missed GOT last night ! ! ! ! ! WHAT WAS I THINKING ? ? ! !
Absolutely AMAZING ! ! !
Overheard : Pennywise : Time to float Eddie : Lemme ask my mom Pennywise : It's not a choic - Eddie : She said ...
I've watched this about 10 times and I can't stop laughing
Isn't she just beautiful ? !
I'm sad ... i'm worthless ? hungry much ! !
Traffic is a fucking bitch fml
My love must be a kind of blind love crest white strips ... Blind everyone you know Btykiller
That's what I'm talkin bout ! Celebrate what you have ! Then the rest comes EASY !
That's not true at all ! Sometimes if someone REALLY loves you the best thing they can do is leave or let you go !
I honestly have no clue tbh but I just see a ton of people hating him
You just know Colin & amp ; Iggy Milkovich have some crazy-ass stories they could tell . Shameless
The 700 Jim still owes me ? The handful of change I gave Dennis for cigarettes ? All the money every substance abuser has ever
Now THIS is a bunch ! ! ! The Frank Show adores you , ! ! ! XO , FDC and
Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it . - Mark Twain
They told me the world's ours
Thank you , for reading and for saying . :) ) xo
That's what we all really want isn't it ? ?
Hah , yes , sometimes dragons need to be protected !
I support Goal 8 Good Jobs and Economic Growth by 2030 TELLEVERYONE
It's the shy innocent girls you gotta watch out for . They're the ones who like to get spanked & amp ; choked in the bedroom .
Or at least you will make it a better place and improve the quality of life for someone ! AndThatIsEnough
I think you are going to go far in "" the business ! "" Stay cool ! I hope Carl visits Nick in prison for as long as he is there ! Nick
SO true ! So very very long !
Enraptured Ignited Spellbound by lust Incomprehensible yearning Ache so demanding That I'm lost DeeplyBuried In our little se
Energy is Neutral and so is Akasha . No Good / Bad , No Right / Wrong
I LOVE and "" get "" Frank . But my "" crazy "" more closely resembles a Helene / Queenie combo + lez cancer mom ! ! : 0 )
Oh ! I needed THAT !
Those crazy Gallagher elder brothers ! Shameless JeremyAllenWhite
Every time I trust somebody , they show me why I shouldnt
I hate it when I get all sentimental looking back at days gone by ! Lip JeremyAllenWhite & amp ; Mandy EmmaGreenwell
Wow ! Interesting ! Blue Rays !
FobiasModernas Mierdafobia : miedo , temor o pnico de escuchar reguetton .
En algn lugar del universo yo debo estar en una fiesta en este momento , lo s .
Pensar y hacerlo ? Tan fcil que suena tan difcil de hacer .
He aqui donde empiezo a odiar cada dia mas las proporciones y el producto notable : c
Por que sonres ? Por nosotros .
SoyDeEse 1PorcientoQue pasara el 14 de febrero felizmente soltera :D
Pre-inscribiendome en la ucv online :')
DAM 2013 ArteYGlamour van por el triunfo ... ! \ o /
Martes con M de Me siento Muy Mal .
jajajajajajajajaaajqjqjq rehabilitacion te fuiste al este este
al parecer solo publicaron faces
Con un estupendo merengue de fondo ... Mira es que esto e belloooo ! !
Ah ok . "" @EresCurioso : Las personas que se aburren muy seguido tienen un alto riesgo de muerte prematura ""
Si asi somos sobrios ...
No necesitas un cuerpo esbelto para la danza rabe solo movimientos perfectos
Urbanizaciones de castillejo arrechas !
Caracas es la tercera ciudad ms peligrosa del mundo .
LA DEUDA del pas . Que horror !
ACUARIO : reservado que estalla cuando menos se lo esperan .
Simplemente tan sencillo como lo complicado .
Me preguntan : pero , por qu ? y digo : porque s . Me pregunto : por qu quieren saber tanto ?
Un suter gigante vale ms que mil pijamas .
"" Pero en definitiva , qu es lo nuestro ? Por ahora , al menos , es una especie de complicidad ... "" - Mario Benedetti
"" Para viajar lejos , no hay mejor nave que un libro . ""
ACUARIO : cuando alguien te da mala vibra , es por algo , no vas a negarte a conocerlo pero cuando lo has hecho , sabes qu
Hay personas que se dedican a perder , perder tiempo , personas , oportunidades , perder la vida ... Perder todo .
Unidad Democrtica invita jueves 18May , 11:00 am , a marcha ContraLaRepresin , hacia sede MRIJP , partiendo desde este
A little inspiration for your weekend ! Especially loved :) via
And the little babies are so gosh darn cute !
Want some chocolate ? You need 3 ingredients and about 5 minutes .
indeed I ended up doing both , awkwardly on one monitor . But it was worth it .
White Fish with tropical fruit salsa
My ABC interview on the 4,000- year history of Norse religion & amp ; the powerful spiritual meaning of Norse myth today
The rewards of focus are great .
Huge thanks to red wings fan for whole season support . You guys were outstanding . RedWings
"" I got it ! I got it ! I got it ! ""
BREAKING NEWS : Disney World closes all beaches after gator snatches toddler
Clockwork page 44 is up !
queer bars & amp ; clubs exist in large part because we don't feel safe enough elsewhere . the message is pretty clear : we're not
So here's my 100 % legit Arcana theory , just hear me out
Truth . I don't think 80 years get outtaunreal , or buy sexy heels .
"" Afraid to Cross the Street Lady "" makes my day every time I see her .
yegtraffic sucks so much . Good thing I didn't really want to go to this dinner .
I could scream . I won't though .
If I had to describe my life with a movie title , it'd be "" 27 Dresses . ""
How about a tremendous force of Nature ?
winter is coming ! !
Two months til Christmas , guys ! TWO MONTHS !
Put on a pretty party dress and high heels and lipstick . Just because she can ! ( and it's the Christmas party tonight ! )
what ! That is way too silly !
I'm sick tooooo . Also , maybe this will cheer you up
Birthday cake ice cream with nerds and gummy bears . O . M . G .
I'm pretty sure chocolate bars aren't supposed to bend . Especially if you've just taken them out of the frid
My hands and feet are cold . MUST BE WINTER .
Meryl Streep wins a Golden Globe every morning just for being Meryl Streep .
No , 14 year old on the train , crossing your bra straps will not make your boobs look bigger , it will just give you terrible tan lines .
seriously . It actually makes me miss the edmonton cold .
Lol calling Lincoln Park a bad neighborhood in Chicago at the Underdog tonight ... I miss my yeg innocence .
it's a melt . In the same family as the tuna melt .
I feel like the Pokmon Go ! app must really drain your battery .
The weirdest Canadian thing is , and will always be , bagged milk .
my puppy is da cutest lol
The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others .
SD Children's Coalition Luncheon networking #nonprofitCome join us 4/10 1200 to 1pm At Randy Jones 7510 Hazard Center Drive San Diego , 92108
Do you want to have unlimited cell phone services for only $ 49.00 text me now and I will tell you how 858-518-8404
Grammy's .. I was one of the lucky one's to get accepted to go to the Grammy's Sunday ... Is anyone else going ? text me 8585188404
San Diego Arts Rooftop Photo Shoot .. thanks everyone for coming here just a sneek peek desiners Sara
Now I know I am in Nashville . Yikes thought these were not to be found .. Nashville fun goodtimes
Hey Everyone in San Diego a friend of mine just told me their Bridal Shop is Hiring for sales position which is ...
In January one of my Bridal Show runways at show some of my models
We had the club pose poppin ! ! ! ! Funtime LIT AvakinLife
what does level 20 ppl have to do with this ? What's so special about lvl 20 ppl ? We just regular ppl of the game just like u .
I think the lions need back . Miss you on the team . You are a great player !
I'm in the studios ready to talk about the MIGOP latest attack on low wage workers . I'll be on live at 4:30 !
its something other than that . Lol but thank you ! ! ! ! Its hump day ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Some fantastic mini-operators , showing that size doesn't matter ! ( Source -
A suspect dead , 7 + injured in Ohio State University attack
Vape an Chill hey y'all vapeanchill golive yeartwo cheers talk
A morning text doesn't only mean "" good morning "" It also means "" I think about you when I wake up ""
Have you seen this video ?
I think I'm doing this right ?
The Fashionista Files : Adventures in Four-Inch Heels and Faux Pas By Karen Robinovitz , Melissa De La Cruz p 238
Then you need to drink more .
Poop , pee , ( and fart ) were words my mom used Czech for around me as a kid ( as taboo avoidance I'm guessing ) .
. @joelmchale made me cry during lunch .
McCloud Was Right MyCampaignIn 3Words
yes - that's one of them ! Also "" The Cube "" .
Hi , Boone ! ! !
You're doing everything wrong all the time ! ! !
( 2 ) ... of unhusked rice , very small dhn , growing rice , unhusked rice Middle Indic dhaa Sanskrit dhnya - ,
The Word of the Year for 2015 is singular "" they , "" esp . to refer to a known person . Read the press release :
( 3 ) and a variant w / a long e . In 2015 survey , the Usage Panel overwhelmingly found both forms to be acceptable .
Grab the nearest reference book . Go to a random page in the front matter and read 2 paragraphs . Did you learn something new ? Monday
Another hour , another 850 words . Up to 2,150 , or 43 % of the targeted length of the introduction .
The existence of Outlook's Clutter folder IS clutter .
HELP ME PLEASE . A MAN NEEDS HIS CLIMATE PROTECTED
Yes . All the more reason to spell it out !
Especially The Hurting . Fun fact : they are why I got my ears pierced .
"" The federal reserve's job is to take away the punch bowl just as the party gets going ""
"" I'm not John taffert ' "" BFT
make sure to talk Shit to Jim day for me DayIsGay
Just determined a TARC combo that can get me home from work in an hour . Stay tuned in coming weeks for a play by play on my TARCventure
Pressure is on . Not many in Cincinnati like that contract . Prove us wrong and bring home the championship WhoDey
Electrolux to buy GE's appliances business for $ 3.3 billion via
What did you say TARC
is celebrating its 40th anniversary with a new logo and new busses . Hear about it on
Drank natty / pulled an all nighter writing a financial plan final grade ; teacher says he wants to use it as an example in future classes
$ 10 cover at the pub .. LOLOLOLOL
No leadership on this Cincinnati team . They won't come close to the tournament
Yo , you alive or just busy diversifying your bonds
"" MATERIALISM IS WRONG "" "" POSSESSIONS DONT MATTER "" "" IT DOESNT MATTER WHAT U STUDY "" * BITCHES ABOUT THE INCOME GAP ANYWAYS *
Birds with their 5th shutout in a row in taking the ' ship , tying the KY state record for most consecutive shutouts .
we need you bro this ain't bout u and drake this is so people know you have to actually know how to RAP not SI
They Scream out my failures and whisper my accomplishments
Bad game . Move on to Arizona
Bengal & amp ; Steelers scuffle before the game , so reminiscent of the time when I beat up Joey Porter in pre-game warm up ...
Chappelle Show debuted 13 years ago today , the greatest
Apparently it's NationalUnicornDay . They're as real as "" free "" government programs .
More from my 12k referendum-day poll on how leavers and remainers see the world differently :
indeed hopefully the d can keep it up and the offense can put a few on the board
I have over 6,000 tweets ; they're all garbage . Today I saw a random guy from FL with 250k tweets , 40x the garbage I prod
. @Awab_Habib pretty sure there are a few videos floating around out there very similar to this
FCC is getting railroaded by the officials here . Can't make the MLS look bad . Sad .
like us on facebook & amp ; submit ur music will pump all day & amp ; night
hey give us 219 rocks an interview , wed love to have u guys & amp ; it b fun
Anthony Kiedis helps saves baby's life
hell yeah rosemary tell'em . Your a champ we know it !
anti pot is stuiped canda has legalization over 20 + years and aren't theybetter off than us ? ? They also have freehealthcare .
HELLO HAVE I TOLD YOU LATELY TO GO FUCK YOURSELF ?
Enjoy the Silence by SongsThatTouchMyHeartEveryTime
Home and awake this Saturday , sure hoping SNL brings it tonight .
Started war , also great POTUS .
Dude , please ask your grandkids to show you how not to embarrass yourself on Twitter .
You would think Rodney turned 3 not 30 . Survivor
. @marcorubio What in God's name do you think the Seminole Wars were , you idiot ? Those took place in your home state .
That scene with Kupa had byefelipe written all over it . TheBachelorette
I thought the real housewife I'd most likely be friends with was until she coined the term "" caviar whore "" on RHONY
Dude , whatever your name is .. Sit back down ; not your show ! ! TheBachelorette MenTellAll
Future BigBrother contestants : let this season be a lesson on what happens when you don't PLAY THE GAME ! ! ! ! BB17
That Doesn't go There ! MyComedyAlbumTitle
.... and says goodbye to the only woman of substance this season . He wasn't up for the challenge ; bummer ! TheBachelor
your cold opening absolutely CRUSHED it last night ! ! ! comedygold SNL
It's just a matter of weeks before he's a guest on your podcast
"" Finally we are going to put an end to a 240 - year-long sausage-fest in this country "" - @kristenschaaled DemsInPhilly
Exactly ! Real "" patriots "" like Brett are enamored with 5 - Deferment , Habitual Lying , POW Shaming , Vet Stiffing , Con Man
Republicans Cannot Claim a Mandate When Hillary Clinton Has a Two-Million Vote Lead
Captain Morgan and Tennille DrunkBands
Imagine if a REPUBLICAN presidential candidate came under FBI investigation as votes were being cast
Greg Gianforte just body slammed me and broke my glasses
to win a replica jersey ! * If this hits 5,000 RTs well give away 10 replica jerseys . Rules :
The editing if last night's bachelorinparadise pretty much vindicated Demario . Does anyone agree / disagree ?
Just coming to terms with the fact that we're never ever gonna find out what happened in the pool . BachelorinParadise
Nothing distracts me from the sadness in the US right now like grown women chasing each other with dildos . Thanks & amp ; rhod
Whatever Happened to Baby Ruth ? AddCandyToAMovie
I want this pastor's computer confiscated and searched for child porn ASAP . LOOKING 20 DOESN'T MAKE YOU 20
I am at Salt ... about to eat lunch ! ! come join me :)
Only 45 more days until honeymoon in the Bahamas
i duct taped my cell phone cover back together xD
those are so cute :D
Love is our resistance , love is our weapon
Dude , Candyland got so intense around the Lollypop Woods !
Knotts Berry Farm with :D
I got all the questions right in the filmmaking category of Jeopardy xD
Road tripping to Vegas to see at the Cosmopolitan :D
Back to where it all began , ThisIsHome to GameDay 4Frank
Josh Jackson / / 2015 Football Player of the Year ! to congratulate our QB signee ! Hokies TheFutureIsBright
Might be a good time to admit science is real . Or at least buy a boat
PS : please serve food every day .
Dude's beading kids ' hair for a living . He's got enough misery .
Who's lying ? You or AP ?
Murderer is the only reason to remove this , but Baltimore
Your move Congress . You actually have to pass a bill for a health care plan instead of sticking head in sand .
Thank you for doing your job .
If you dont know , youve never left Pittsburgh .
And Leach has proven himself to be trustworthy around young men .
At this point , just wants to send out anything that isnt about their problems . Karma gettin all bitchy .
"" Sunday Bestie "" and the Wizards Game ! Thanks for the invite Moni .
Tories block bid to make cheaper medicines for poor nations / via
The President and the People on ABC now . POTUStownhall
I just earned 2 easy Swag Bucks viewing offers :
Can you pleeeeeease have Adam Lambert on next season ? :) thank you . :)
Do you still listen to the music you enjoyed when you were growing up ?
I just won 25 Swag Bucks by Searching the web at
I just won 3 Swag Bucks for watching SBTV !
My daily stats : 1 new follower via
Have you ever used Swagbucks to help you travel ?
I just found a Swag Code worth 5 Swag Bucks .
Do you try to match your whole outfit ?
I just found a Swag Code worth 3 Swag Bucks .
I just found a Swag Code worth 3 Swag Bucks .
I just found a Swag Code worth 2 Swag Bucks .
What tech item do you find you spend the most time on ?
Have you ever had surgery ?
I just earned 2 easy Swag Bucks viewing offers :
I just found a Swag Code worth 4 Swag Bucks .
Stats for the day have arrived . 1 new follower and NO unfollowers :) via
What do you think of wearing denim over denim ?
I just won 3 Swag Bucks for watching SBTV !
I just won 7 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
I just earned 2 easy Swag Bucks viewing offers :
Check out GQ May 2013 Robert Downey Jr via
I just won 3 Swag Bucks for watching SBTV !
I just won 3 Swag Bucks for watching SBTV !
Have you ever bought something you saw in an infomercial ?
U last nite Mohegan ! My sis & amp ; I 2nd show . 5th row baby ! We were holding We U Adam ! ! signs Can't wait 2CU again soon !
How many followers do you get everyday ? I got 1 in the last day . Growing daily with
Number crunching for the past day - 1 new unfollower . Stats via
Number crunching for the past day - 1 new follower and NO unfollowers . Stats via
Never eat an overripe avocado again ! AvoEducationSweepstakes -
This is going to be the best Cinco de Mayo yet ! Check out our awesome prizes & amp ; recipes ! GuacIt AvoSweepstakes -
strictest parents is funny ... i wouldnt have apologized
This is what my boss feeds us for . lunch ! Just pie ! Lol ... Smh !
Love this chick ! ! lalee _27 ICantFindMyPickle
Got excited I had new email - then realized I forgot I emailed something to myself earlier . I think this happens to me once a week . Oops
Now that it's over , I realize I just spent 5 + hours watching old guys attempt to use ridiculous technologies they can barely operate .
There should be separate , odor-blocking banana-waste receptacles , so I don't get stuck smelling snack leftovers all day . Bananadrama
Someone just got really excited because she has the same pair of socks as me . The fact she recognized them across the room is quite a feet .
making 5 fake email accounts to get 50 % off Tobi TSM
I seriously love the sound of any SS or V8 letmedriveit
Ok jokes over . Can I go back to to the gphrat castle now ? separationanxiety
Dick magnet red faced bitch
RIP Cory Monteith , who played Finn Hudson in Glee .
Today > > > > > > >
In 1 year we had a Spice Girls reunion at the Olympics , Destiny's Child Super Bowl reunion , and Nsync reunion last nigh
Everytime I hear Get Lucky I can't help but think of at Tom Jones 2013 wewenthard epic
Just heard the cutest little girl say "" I wish I could fly like a unicorn . Or a berry . Berries are juicy and cute . "" what toocute
WHY AM I NOT IN COMO
Speed limits are 75 in Texas . yeeyee giddyup
have to raise a virtual baby for my human development class and i got a girl ! her name is sharkeisha
do you watch ABC hello
Trnsltion 4 we finna turn up in diz ya feel homi . Deez ratchetz gunna see how we do it fo reel doe . Turrndwn 4wut
And by detox I mean copious amounts of wine
When boys make the first move
WONG ! ! ! !
Toddlers dressed as celebrities from the grammys
People who can create drama out of thin air deserve some sort of award . Or like .. a smack upside the head . shh
beez in the trap StopTimmy 2Turnt2K16
Love this but leave your pups at home just in case
if it's fo free I'm sure I could find y'all ! nursingschoolbudget
keep the streets empty for me .
Cheesus crust . Where pizza is a religious experience .
I'm fairly certain my mom forgot to pick me up . This is like preschool all over again .
Smoke your green , I'm spending mine .
loving that we both have tweeted "" She Will Be Loved "" lyrics yesterday . How lame are we .
Oh fuck a tramp .
Sometimes quitely recites German words while sitting behind me and it makes me nervous .
"" You fucked up Gypsy . ""
Is it sad that I'm really upset that I no longer smell like a fuckable guy ?
I'm not sure if we could get through an entire episode of that . We would keep rewinding it to see the worst parts .
Four am Dennys with all the drunkards and and Win .
Also shower beers are required from next semester onwards
Awards I could potentially win at work : Most Pens Stolen Over the Course of a Semester
WHY ARE YOU WEARING HIGH HEELS RN LIKE GIRL DO YOU REALIZE YOURE IN THE SYRACUSE AIRPORT AND ITS 5AM
Me watching literally any tv show ever : "" so when are these two characters gonna bone ""
My heart is breaking so hard for Daesung right now . He must be devastated . I'm so worried . Poor sweet baby ... ; _ ;
Kinda paints a whole new image of that interlude in my head . hahaha And he stills owes me a drink dammit !
Obtaining sustenance in Nap Town before continuing on to NJ
It iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis . ^_^ GET HOME AND EAT THEM ! =P
it's delicious ! Maybe I'll send you guys some ! ^_^
Today I learned that Missy Elliott is still alive , I would still bone Katy perry and I am drunk
Pedicures are like going to heaven
Gonna be a good night
In college and watching Toy Story 3
The best goalkeeper around ..
Eventually all things fall into place . Until then , laugh at the confusion , live for the moments , and know everything happen
The number one rule : Don't fuck with lame homies , be adventurous with crazy bitches
My heart is happy and my life is complete now that I watched Finding Dory such a feel good movie
When the waiter ask is this together or separate and he says "" together ""
Complain all you want about the Presidency , but just know God is still the King of everything
Usually when I feel like I'm forgetting something it's my morals sanity or house keys
how many of y'all remember this song ? it was made almost 6 years ago .
I don't know what I did to receive this great award but I am now a happier man ! ! !
I'm living every college students ' dream , I can officially say I've been hit by car , thanks
I supported American Foundation For Sui ... by voting for them to win $ 1m with chasegiving . Please fan , vote , and RT !
kickcancer is a trending topic . C'mon , let's get THON to be a trending topic too !
April is Philanthropy Month for our Chapter !
Q3 : Listen . ( Best advice ) prstudchat
Oh my gosh , this story breaks my heart ! A blind dog with her own seeing eye dog ! via
website problems are sooo frustrating ! ! :-(
Newest blog post about challenges of doing PR for org . , company - - Would love feedback , opinions pr nonprofit prsa
The happo Daily is out - featuring
I see areas for personal improvement ... "" Four Digital Skills PR Pros Should Have ""
PRSA Podcast : Rebecca Lieb Discusses Search Engine Optimization
Thank you very much ! :)
AnimalPlanet is always fascinating . Ihavenolife
Meet Karen Vogel : if 4,972 people were to die , she'd be queen of England
Rising tuition costs + no raises at work = bad times
loads our Emergency Response Vehicle with shelf-stable meals to be taken East . Irene
I think it's great , but I see point re : neg . aspect : FB introduces private messages b / t business pages & fans Thoughts ?
RedCross responded to fire affecting couple homes on Banker St . in McKeesport , assisting four individuals w / food , clo ...
Okay , I take it back . THAT was the most gruesome . WHY DO I WATCH THIS SHOW . WalkingDead
My head is spinning from how often they are going back and forth on whether to keep him ... ugh ! SaveJohnnyMac
Thank you for a fun summer ! JohnnyMac is taking the reigns soon ! Follow me if you'd like BB17
Frankie I do not like you go away now . Nashville
Geez , this house is so petty and brutal . And "" hating someone "" is nor a great reason to put them on the block ! bb18
night showers are the greatest
so light ' em up
they send them in the mail if you're deemed "" worthy ""
free hot chocolate fuck yessss
they're all good what are you talking about
scrappy doo is a piece of shit
when you can't stop thinking about the burritos you had last night
me , getting ready for a dinner party in 2040 , sipping champagne while putting on my cartier diamond earrings in front of my
process . really grateful to see you saying what needs to be said . i don't think people understand or thi
To give you an idea of just how excited I am for this Dillinger Four show , I left work at 4:30 so I could be at the venue by 5:30 .... which
NICK'S DOGS LOVE MICHAEL SO MUCH ! ! ! ! THEY LISTEN TO HIM AND SNUGGLE WITH HIM ! ! ! ! HE IS THEIR SECOND DAD ! ! ! !
yeah kind of ? mostly via avoidance . i try to take him out at low traffic times and always walk the oth
I don't especially want to talk about it , but could use some extra love right now , especially after this shit show of a week .
the experience of having their hair touched without their consent is so deep-rooted in the lived experi
harry and grimmy have had a rock solid friendship for years . i love gryles .
both told me outright that they are excited about me and really liked me from our interviews . Yay ! ! !
I BEFRIENDED THIS SMALL PIGEON TODAY ... zoom in for maximum floof
I found the cure to growing older And you're the only place that feels like home
Love hearing folks talk about what brings them pleasure . Can be sexual or not - we experience pleasure in SO many ways !
SO MUCH LOVE FOR NICK ! ! ! ! ! ! MY HEART ! ! ! ! ! !
u / ber driver keeps trying to make small talk w me . um ? ? it's 3 AM ? ? how about no ? ?
band are white , cis , and confirmed to be 100 % straight . What do they need to be liberated from ? ? ? Why do they feel they need THIS space ? ? ? ?
bit . it was a v dignified look .
Need something to do on LaborDay ? How about a full series binge of BroadCity ?
GOOD MORNING PLEASE READ THIS EXCELLENT EXPLANATION WHY SAD PIANO MAN IS BAD
"" The things that make us different , those are our superpowers . "" Lena Waithe . She made history as the 1st Black Woman to win a w
THI S IS SO IMPORTANR ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ' I'M CRTYING ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! PROBABLY FOREVER ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! GOODBYE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Humility like this , especially in public , takes huge strength . May we all have the courage to change when we're wrong .
happy birthday ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Anyway , go see the fucking Front Bottoms if you have the chance .
omg Nick's tweet is exactly how my current gryles WIP starts out Guess I'm doing something right ...
Overheard in my McNeese class : "" So I invited this girl over to my house last night because I cooked like two dozen boiled e
OOF . ( this reminds me of your last gryles fic )
I believe you . I believe you . I believe you . I believe you . I believe you . I believe you . I believe you . I believe you .
relatedly , i don't think i remember that ! was it the d * nkirk interview ? i've only heard that one twice .
Peace is not the absence of affliction , but the presence of God .
Thank you Lord for all your gifts :
rt if you think this guys is a stud
quote of the day - "" well .. I gotta tweet some anger out .. ""
9 - - > I have to brag on Megan Cross because she is just such a
Sign up for the powder puff tournament on Oct . 8th ! ! ! The more teams the better ! For more info and sign up sheets stop by
don't you mean WIISHU LUCK !
I found this on IG and I'm just DreamDaddy dreamdaddygame
My 18th birthday is next month A follow would be a perfect birthday present :) x8 77
My 18th birthday is next month A follow would be a perfect birthday present :) x970
it would mean a lot to her if you'd follow her :)
My 18th birthday is in 22 days A follow would be a perfect birthday present :) x1 , 150
My 18th birthday is in 18 days A follow would be a perfect birthday present :) x1 , 246
My 18th birthday is in 9 days A follow would be a perfect birthday present :) x1 , 294
MTVHottest 5 Seconds of Summer
FOLLOW / DM EVERYONE WHO RTS THIS ShesKindaHotVMA
MY LIFE CONSISTS OF VOTING RN ShesKindaHotVMA
Kiss me kiss me sheskindahotvma
Me right now . ShesKindaHotVMA
Please vote for ShesKindaHotVMA ( or if you're that lazy just this ) x70
DAMN WE ON FIRE ShesKindaHotVMA
SEE A WAR I WANNA FIGHT IT ShesKindaHotVMA
drinks after last nights show , drink like the Irish
even when the lighting is dark lol
Won't you like free gifts ? ! Use code d100268 to get 20 bonus coins giftwallet
The 3 people I think could win this are the ones who want it the most RicolaCrowd sponsored
Which Whole Blends variety will you be using to solve your summer hair blues ? WholeBlends GarnierCrowd sponsored
I cant wait to try these with my family FiberChoiceCrowd sponsored
What do you look for when youre shopping for a new pair of sneakers ? sponsored DSWcrowd MyDSW
Photo : dont i know Audrey girl
Photo : i think once the boys are older ill try an off white decor
Did she just call her son a dumbass ? BatesMotel
Photo : okay , its confirmedim getting my nape pierced !
cruel summer meets neon .
Photoset : headturnmeon : best-of-funny : the-hobbit-in-baker-street : glitterbites : Collecting these because no ...
Photo : runway-bliss : Jean Paul Gaultier , Haute Couture - F / W 2013 Backstage
Photo : im still waiting on tomorrow to get here
Photo : Jesus I love men with beards !
Jax please don't do no stupid shit like apologize to her ... SOA SonsOfAnarchy
Photo : black & amp ; white by fashionbellus featuring a white dress
What ScandaI teaches you ... ( cue , Backstabbers )
My face when I heard Karlie Redd say "" Benzino , you just wait until Joc hears about this ... "" LHHATL
Even after the zombie apocalypse there are still asshole cops with totalitarian issues ... TheWalkingDead
When officer asshole said You People Scandal
Have u tried that crazy wrap thing ? ? ? ? If not , I can help with that !
Don't I know it ..... happens every time
Want to grow your hair longer ? Fill in bald spots ? Want to grow longer , stronger nails ? Want better
My new theme Dreamscape is now available on Google Play !
I'm laughing so hard just at the headline .
Everybody is fighting a battle theyre not tweeting about .
I don't have much of an opinion on Blake Shelton one way or another , but ... really ? !
The fact that Trump has lifted President Obama's ban on elephant trophies being imported into the country is a devastatin
actually jamie oliver calling selfies the "" sugar of social media "" is perfect because they're both material he doesn't fu
Blazers PG Damian Lillard is down and in pain . He's having problems limping off the court . Appears to be his right ankle .
Reminder : without NetNeutrality , wed never have been able to make or any of the shows that came after
Thankful for weirdos , freaks , poets , magic , our planet , everyone who still believes in radical love , peace & amp ; empathy ,
All Nazis are bad people . There . I just took a major political stand in 2017 .
i'm honestly so done with my videos getting "" limited ads "" IM TALKING ABOUT YOUNG ADULT BOOKS DEMONITIZE ACTUAL NAZIS PLEASE
If shit's going sideways and people aren't communicating , you end up with even bigger problems .
STOP BLAMING WOMEN AND GIRLS FOR MEN HARASSING AND ASSAULTING THEM
I hate to offend the Religious Right , but people who fuck children are bad .
I will benefit from the tax bill . And I dont want to live in a society where it passes . I would rather have more safety n
Its 2017 you love who you love
I mean I guess I'll just keep screaming this forever : WE ELECTED A RAPIST SEXUAL ASSAULTING PREDATOR INTO THE OVAL OFF
we still pretending alec baldwin is one of the good ones ?
Ok guys I'm going into the bookish war zone Was book deal influenced by her social media presence ? Yes . Is
Trump's visit to the museum was met with boycotts and protests .
I love the super-slow walk to do the door . FigAndFord
ROY MOORE : Please dont bring up the child molestation stuff at the rally ROY MOORES FRIEND : Got it [ turning to crowd ]
I'm getting a bit ticked off in advance that the media is setting black voters up to take the fall if Moore wins . How about ,
Last night convinced me of one thing : democrats need to stop compromising their social values to cater to mythical coal min
I live in the deep south so without NetNeutality I won't be able to have contact with any of my LGBT + friends o
And what do call teachers who provide access to and share Graphic Novels with students ? People who recognize what readin
does it make me "" sex-negative "" if I don't like songs where santa is horny or other people are horny for santa
This is the Colorado version of Floridas cannibal meth-head kills giant mutant croco-gator in fight over right to devou
its illegal to be LGBT in 70 + countries and punishable by death in 10 + of them , so please , shut the fuck up
think about harry dancing to a the wombats song just think about it right now
this better be a good thing or I'll FUCKKkng kill someone
There comes a time when a blind man takes your hand and says , "" Can't you see ? ""
you're the best human bean
ok but we all know that means shit's about to go down . the question is tonight or tomorrow . i gotta go to sleep boy
i love harry's sense of humour he's the weirdest human being alive
louis looked so good yesterday im so grateful
they way louis ... tries to wrap his arms ...... around harry .... when they hug ........ let me die in peace
louis : touches his hands me :
i am so grateful to have you in my life ( sort of ) . you mean so much to me thank you thank you thank you for everything
hey remember when you had a life and stopped making bitchy comments about mine ?
there's a larrie who tries to be all deep and mature but they just sound like a 2011 superwholock
they made me very happy i enjoyed living a lie
| Louis started following James Corden on instagram ! April 13 , 2016
ok so i followed her and she said "" louis is with a girl but i dont know who she is "" lmaooo
leave harry alone let harry live
you beautiful soul thank you so much
i had to buy just hold on on google play cause im poor
i know ...... , , , ,
In love with my new apartment
I really want this puppy I'm going to see tomorrow
so you were the killer the whole time ? Makes sense with such a scary name ...
I've got speech at the same time
If you don't have to take trig . Don't do it . Please don't put yourself through this pain of wanting to claw your eyes ou
but think of customer satisfaction ! Plus only 1 company will having and it'll steal other customers
As a lifeguard , can I get him on my staff ?
it's not weird if we're both weird
ad for fake news in nyt editorial on the death of facts
What do you call a productive creature that lives in the ocean ? Efficiency
Get your holiday shopping started ! handmade crochet jewelry necklace children women fashion dog rescue
thx for your Rts ! ! ! erra
New Listing ~ Ivory White Rose Hair Clip , Real Touch for Wedding , Flower Girl , Bride , Bridesmai ...
Rogers Anchor AA Shell Silverplate Youth Set by PaisleyPurveyor via PottiTeam gerberBabySpn
Here at the erra creations workshop , we cant wait to see all of the creative lil trick or treaters tonight ! ! !
Winter collection by Artelem via pottiteamt
Cat Ears Hat Cat Beanie Chunky Knit Winter by recyclingroom przez
A gift for me or for you ? Jewelry Mexican Bracelet black onyx gemstone sterling silver
NEW and ready to ship today ! Real Vintage Gold Flake Ring Aqua Diamond Large by erracreations via
red and pink for your Sweetheart by Joyce Strohl Pickens via
This is sooo me ! !
middle of the night hunger ! ! !
Tuxedo Shirt Studs Bicycle Accessory by THIS IS SO COOL ! BICYCLE + ART = Runners High BEAUTY !
Here you cyclists ! ! ! Cyclist Solid Lotion Bar Step 2 Tune Up MuscleLove by erracreations via bicycle
8 1/4 "" Dresden West Germany 1973 Mother's Day Mare and Colt Blue and White Plate | eBay
HAHHAAAAAAHAHA - want this !
Hey , I make this awesome solid lotion ! Find it here at
Happy Monday ! Or something like that ;)
Wedding Crashers DVD Owen Wilson Vince Vaughn
voguet vogueteam vintage Have you SEEN THIS ? #BizRT share ? JEWELRY jewelry bracelet necklace
breakfasttimecrafting ! Happy Weekemd Everyone ! Any good plans for you ?
Harvest Moon Coneflower May 28th Wrist Watch
Have I told you all lately that I love you ? !
What would you do ? A . Try to draw the ship B . Say No C . Just forget you were ever asked D . Rock out drawing the ship
PMI HO Penn RR Flat car w / planks model 6710
Whatchya think y'all ... Philly bike show next year ?
Autumn 1 plate from Florals by Fred zazzle gift
Here we go Stillers ! ! !
Turtle riding a jelly . Duuuuudeee
Roosevelt House having fun getting to know each other in the ball pit ! ! Roses UNINow 15
Emailing professors be like Me : * polite greeting , multiple paragraphs , perfect grammar * Professor : "" sure "" - sent from
Not gonna lie , seeing and the rest of the team on kcrg news makes me pretty proud itsgreattobeajhawk
When you open up a new bag of Cool Ranch Doritos and the smell of heaven hits you and knocks you back a few steps
Panther Nation knows how to get rowdy ! Get ready for the year of "" The Hum ""
what people my age do and then there's me
And the Panthers take down South Dakota State 86-58 ! GoCats UNIFight
The world needs more people who can teach like this guy
s / o to the parents that actually make their kids work for what they want instead of handing everything to them
Raise your hand if your ready for Football Season
Dont be afraid to start over . Its a brand new opportunity to rebuild what you truly want
It finally looks / feels like November . :/ The other day it was nearly 50 . Today ? A whopping 15 .
How Einstein Influenced the Look of Yoda
"" it is disheartening that liberals seem to think that the best way to be sensitive isnt to talk about other traditions and cultures ""
If you don't like you may not like my upcoming tweets . Or a lot of the others to come . I've a bunch from fb to share .
. @Nike , it's not rocket science . Join me , & amp ; more and DumpTrump . JustDoIt .
Ten Terpenes found in cannabis marijuana weed reefer ganja
Don't mind me , just sitting here crapping my pants as I watch the NYPrimary results come in .
How Hillary Clinton's State Department Sold Fracking to the World unless
Apple's iPhone sales sink for the first time ever last quarter :
U . N . , condemning hospital attacks , asks for adherence to international law
More Young Adults Live With Parents Than Notfor the First Time in 130 Years
If you still think Hollywood treats men and women equally , read these two interviews
Hand-write the 1st Amendment and mail it to Steve Bannon's office at the White House . Tweet photos of your letter too . Ad
"" Only in America Do we accept weather predictions from a rodent but deny climate change evidence from actual scien
Do you think lullaby / sleep music night is his twit notifications going off in the background ?
Immigration raids hit major cities throughout the United States
In White Guilt , the WebMD profile
My apt reeks . I love living in a cannabis friendly state . Cannabis Cannabutter decarboxylation
Washington prepares to bring North Koreans to U . S . for talks : report
A high-performance , low-energy artificial synapse for neuralnetwork computing
Crews working on an English harbor found a 500 - lb unexploded German World War II-era bomb
Pope suggests better to be atheist than hypocrite Catholic
' Constant harassment ' and bomb threats haunted DNC brass after Russian cyberattacks
Sources : U . S . considers quitting U . N . Human Rights Council
20 failed soda brands you'll never taste again
California lawmakers file FOIA demanding info on Immigration Enforcement activities
Pelosi defends claim that she never met the Russian ambassador
WomensDay Women must be able to decide about their health & amp ; the things that influence it , including their sexual & amp ; reproductive h
Trump Supporters Call For ' Liberal Genocide ' and Deportation of Jews at Arizona Rally
Government marijuana looks nothing like the real stuff . See for yourself .
Those songs that never get old .. knowsjusthowifeel
Why people pretend to know everyone that something bad happens to , I will never know . empathizenotpretend dontgetit
Can I cry my way out of the ACT ? illdoit
When that one some reminds you of so many memories .. throwback
2012taughtme You have to do what's best for you , don't let anybody treat you wrong . If you do , then be prepared for the worst . lifelesson
No school ! ! :(
Soooo glad it's Friday ! ! ! readyforaweekend
( _ ) ) fergalicious / \ \ ( _ ) ( ( > definition / \ ( _ ) ) > make
This weather is not what I want to drive in for the next 4 and 1/2 hours . rainraingoaway
Owensboro needs a Ralph Lauren store
I seriously love flying now ! ! ! Worldtraveller
It is too early to be up .
Walking around walmart for 2 hours picking out groceries that we arent even going to buy ... thestruggleisreal
I have a legit obsession with glitter , chevron , and having everything monogrammed .
New yorks answer was good ! confidence
Old episodes of friends =
Shopped to try and find an outfit to match Georgetown's school colors ... realized after 3 hours I'd been shopping for the wrong colors . lord
I'm actually glad tomorrow's Monday . readytostartanewweek
my heart just broke this is so sad , but so sweet at the same time
Getting back to that AP grind tomorrow is not something I'm looking forward to ... at all .
Auntie Annie's cinnamon pretzels are heaven
now I'm glad we didn't have school now lol
"" You're there through the good times and bad , whether happy or sad . ""
Listening to Etta James will never get old . goldenoldies
So excited to announce that the brilliant filmmaker Sarah Polley will be writing and directing a film adaptation of Look
Chickfila : "" hi welcome to Chickfila it's a beautiful day it is 72 and you are blessed abundantly how may I help you "" Mcdonal
I know you love you some DJ Khaled so hope this makes you chuckle
You know you're bored when you wish for homework to do
why can't boys mature and look for more in a girl than just her boobs and butt ?
If you smoke , drink , and don't play sports ... You're already a 0
THEY THREW MY CHICKEN SANDWICH LAST NIGHT
just watch this dudes snapchat story i'm weak
Everytime girls go out to eat with their girls :
A girl , no matter how many times she denies it , she will always remember every detail , memories and moment you've l ...
Great year at the lake :) sadtoleave missitalready wishicouldlivethere
Back into soccer mode . funstuff
No church tonight ... I think I might cry ...
I'm not a perfect person , I make a lot of mistakes but still , I love those people who stay with me after knowing how I ...
I was up at 6:30 ! I just decided to take a nap ..
"" @XtheLine96 : voice right now > > > "" No . It's not funny .
me me me ! ! ! !
I honestly dont really know you ... but you seem really funny !
When your kids are born , reserve them a good e-mail address . Send them pictures , notes , etc . Give to them when 18 .
I have the best mom ever !
Trying to balance everything like :
The Urbandale fireworks lasted all of 8 minutes ... Woo ...
it's great ! How's Iowa ?
Wouldn't trade these guys for the world
Hundreds of players have followed the Sporting pathway to college soccer
We will have a breast cancer awareness game next week ! Our Facebook page and these pictures have more information abo
I'm taking a big L on today . Avoid talking to me about O-chem or Freshwater today ... or just avoid me :( ( ( ( (
Thankful for and her O-Chem smarts
Dinner with the best RA Staff in the Midwest ! Go BV RA's ! BelieveinBV . @BuenaVistaUniv
and follow for a chance to win a free pink crew neck ! ( will select winner tmr at 11 am )
sick ! n I luv it xD
and these hearts are beating faster , faster but mine isn't beating at all . We WON SON !
I want that syrup I want it badly . 2/14
1 5/10 ( 12:00 ) 6/9 ( 23:59 ) GET
you need to get on the remix ! ! ! !
okay well let me know !
yall wouldnt complain so much if you didnt cause the problems yourself
Great my choices are between Clinton and Trump ... ugh
back on fb . oh how i missed it . but now i'm on both ! .. how to live this double life ...
why is every single member of my family up ? includin the 8yr old . shouldnt turkey and overeating make ppl sleepy ? ? go to bed ! lol
i am thoroughly entertained by like 82 % of what tweets . shoutout for making my TL worth readin before bed .
amazing MJ tribute if my child's not a prodigy by age 7 i think id beat it into him / her . jk jk ..
its ok . its almost ur birthday ! ur excused for about a month . i even celebrate my half birthday . i shouldnt be talkin ..
always ALWAYS go with ur gut feelin . if the guy seems shady , he is . end of story .
need a roommate ASAP . tryin to move out of 180 ASAP .
Iono why I'm fronting , I love Target !
Ummmmm .... I'm abt to start watching new moon w the sound off . Tonite is a good nite teamjacob
this whole not havin cable till after boards was a bad idea . hm .. and its rainin out . and its sat . this is great boo weather ;)
, can i have the link to the marvin's room clean version ? plz and thnx
lmao clever . agreed !
Watching one of my fav movies Crash . That I can only watch once every couple yrs cuz all the racist nonsense is no joke Smh
2 HnPs due tomorrow . i couild so finish this second one and not have to do anything post call tomorrow but im so fucking lazy right now
hahaha Who is Nora is trending . trueblood taking OVER ! !
I'll try to go to sleep . as well as ... need to run tomorrow . REMIND me twitter . dont let me eff this up .
Last but not least .. sux going to bed so early . Good night !
good luck ! you can do it !
I dont think all the junk food , over eating and little sleep is helping the stress of this week and ERAS . sigh
i am sooo old . jordin sparks is 22 and jason derulo is 23 . i thought these ppl were my age ! wahhhh wrinkles oldspinster okimdone
noooooooooooooooooooo . I'm being spammed . how do i make it stop ? ? How do i report shit . stupid twitter
My dreams must have a twitter account cause I'm a follow it
Meh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Didnt even know who askdraya was about ? who is this woman draya . filled me in . now i can sit back and enjoy the bloodlust . lortYES
I love watching ANW americanninjawarrior . Does 1 push up
Damn .... black women can't catch a break . We're either bossy or angry . NightlyShow
"" i want michonne and rick to be together "" - actual words coming out of andrew lincoln's mouth
This GameOfThrones ending was too much ! Not sure how I feel about the show anymore .
Let's make sure we respect what FSU has done in recent seasons - 29 straight wins , National Title ... deserves applause . RoseBowl
I'm kind of a vegetarian for someone who's not a vegetarian .
You bet we do ! onwednesdayswewearpink buymelilly disneyeverything
Spring flowers in pretty colors ihearttally letsjusthavespringallthetime Cascades Park
If anybody really loves me , they'd bring me iced coffee right now
This vine is so important to me
Don't let the haters ruffle your feathers .
Bought plants and saw some koi today ! iwantakoipond Tallahassee Nurseries
omg yes ! Spy rolling to each other's spots ! And when we would play leap frog across the field
Made caramel with susie 5559 tonight ! happyfall ialreadyatethechocolateone caramelapple
When someone on your feed who didn't go to UF is all like , "" It's great to be a Florida Gator ! "" GoNoles FSUvsUF
I get a little weirded out when the White House snapchat shortens words ?
lol that makes sense !
I kept trying to be nice without doing anything to "" lead him on , "" until he sent me this and I finally snapped .
How does it happen that the United States is the only major country on earth not to guarantee health care to all people
Furthermore , mistakes happen to everyone , and a good leader is able to admit when he's made a mistake . Trump didn't do that .
My goal was to hit 10k steps by noon , and I did it at 11:33 !
I pulled my hair up in a perfect messy bun without a mirror today , and I don't think I can ever take it down now .
PSA : people like this are the absolute worst .
It must have been pretty difficult for UF fans to see Dalvin Cook and Dwayne Bacon in the same building .
does this mean areas near killearn that don't have power won't get it any time soon ?
I started an herb garden today . If anyone wants to make mojitos , I'm ya girl
Eric bought the party size white cheddar popcorn and I can't stop eating it . Send help .
so it not "" ok "" "" for "" me "" to be "" insride "" the "" "" starebacks "" because I "" tastered "" "" every "" "" "" "" single "" "" "" pastry "" "" "" in "" "" sigh
In honor of Canada Day , I will eat poutine and speak exclusively in Franglais . Joyeux Canada 150 !
nazis and confederates are white people that lost wars to other white people but somehow its still brown people's fault
Since disrespecting the flag is still the narrative being used , this courtesy of the US Flag Code Chapter 10 : Respect fo
I was born to die
* crosses fingers and hopes Bobby Bowden comes back *
Never underestimate the power of your words and actions . With a few kind words , you can change a person's life .
Well thats a move in the WRONG direction NorthCarolina ignorant
I thought this was what you wanted .
Fuck you i hate you
Zone ft . Lyrics A-Town :) via
It's a long and lonely road when you know you walk alone .
Whatever happened to guys taking a girl on a real date ? asktwitter learnsomeclass
She's down to ride , and deserves a boss that's down to provide .
I wish I could take back giving you all those chances you didn't deserve .
A lot of good ones on here but also quite a few I don't agree with . Don't think Zico's song is that widely know .
Okay . Here is a list , in no particular order , of the ten most blatant instances of breaking federal and sta
Jimin looks so happy I can see hearts in his eyes . Omg my feels !
So I have my kpop mv Halloween Playlist going on the TV while trick or treaters are coming and Junsu's tarantellagra comes on and one of +
since i'm not in a mood to pretend gyeom's birthday fansign wasn't fucked over , here's what went down .
FUCK I'M GONNA BE AT WORK
the bachelor isn't even good enough to watch ironically . I don't get how people watch it and actually take it seriously .
lol but I've seen numerous concerts where they ask people to stop . It's ugly and they know it .
lmaooo same . After all the money I've spent on them
A guest at the GucciFW 17 fashion show , ChoiMinho in an embroidered velvet coat , Gucci logo T-shirt , wool pants and Horsebit lo
Did you hear ? SHINee's Snack ! ( * whisper tones * ) Enter our giveaway with here : ht
He looks so damn happy can't believe I was there for this
Yes it is . That was my point .
when y'all subtweet and I have to search for the full story
You're kidding right ? Ricegum is trash .
Pues debera ser un pecado pero es que en ellos se ve muy bien BTSBBMAs
Not to mention that they specifically put "" only kpop group "" in the title to make sure that it
I don't even know who the fuck this guy is but he's a piece of shit .
ICYMI - Former U . S . President Barack Obama Mentions SHINee At Asian Leadership Conference
of It Started With a Kiss is definitely better than the original Japanese drama .
Taemin with Kai on Happy Together filming ! ! !
what I mean . I'm happy for BTS but I just am expecting a bit more than this is all .
Just finished While You Were Sleeping episode 4 and it actually gave me chills . I think its more because of the directing / cinematography
BTS would not have had the reach and exposure to get to this point . Stop shitting on every other grou
Men wore crop tops in the 80s so really this is just another fashion trend thats making its way back around .
Don't start drama & amp ; then say you hate drama .
Let me hop out the mf Porsche
Me : "" Can I go to the bathroom ? "" Teacher : "" I don't know , can you ? "" Me :
When you google one question and the whole exam is there
"" Is weed gluten free ""
crapsuperpowers the ability to menstruate for 365 days a year and be allergic to tampons
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY ALL THE WAY FROM TEXXXAS ! ! ! ! ! xoxoxo WE LOVE YOU MR CHAD OCHO CINCO ! ! ! !
Its confirmed ! Beamer , Benz , or Bentley will premiere on MTV Jams on Monday at 6am EST ! this !
DUNK-a-do-BALLS ! ! ! ! !
NBA playoff commercial *.* . FOCUS . *.* is STUPID DOPE ! ! ! ! ! ! !
If you're looking for work . is hiring 600 ppl to help clean up ( cont )
RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE #RAMPAGE
so days later and still not verified ? Can we get a quick pic tweeted ?
Power naps Aint no punk ! Rested and ready to chase more paper
Please please please tell me this nigga aint calling himself Young Sweet Jones ! ! ! Disrespectful little bitch !
"" @OGOchoCinco : Headed to Airport on the way to Buffalo SUPER sEXY ! ! !
2 get something u never had before u gotta do something u never did before , THE BISHOP
Hustle check ..... should you be hustlin right now ? Is that couch gonna payout ? didn't think so .
They like to call her snobby cause she sittin in da lobby laced up caked up gettin money is her hobby . YELLA
TrillestShitIEverTweeted you been a bitch ... and everybody know it ..
Got my laptop ready ..... soon as we when I'm buyin my tickets ! Arlington TX 2010 representin ! 76006 817
... going to buy bestie some ... lol ... OTW Target ! ! !
Sign up now for and get access to the free Consultants Suite . Ask me about it because imabzzagent
Someone who RTs wins this prop from "" 50 Shades of Blue "" signed ( & amp ; chewed ) by Also signed by ...
believes in a better chicken . Check their site for info on USDA initiatives and the OVENREADY line ! GotADiscount
is making my gaming experience even better musthavewheatthins musthavesquared
U HEA MEEE GIVE HER WHAT SHE WANTED UNDERSTAND MEEE 333 !
Whens the last time you seen a girl take a nigga back and last forever after that ? Once a fuckup always a fuckup
was in DFW last night ? Stilletos of all places ... That ish cray ! Welcome to my city ! dfw QueenoftheAGG
Guess who GotItFree again ? ! The best BzzAgent of course ! ! ! The new HemisFares gelato is delish ! ! ! Who doesn't love creamy goodness ?
Pences plane skidded off the runway . Maybe if that plane would have done conversion therapy , it wouldve been able to
Miller High Life ; Miller Brewing Co . beer via
My niece just said "" Birds live in a birdhouse & amp ; we live in a people house ! "" Cute , huh ? Wrong ; my niece is 26 & amp ; o ...
I gave : Stone RuinTen IPA a 4.44 / 5 beer via
I gave : Innis And Gunn Original ; Innis & amp ; Gunn a 3.66 / 5 beer via
I gave : St . Pauli Girl ; St . Pauli Brauerei C . L . Wilh . Brandt Gmbh & amp ; Co . a 2.59 / 5 beer via
Interstellar | Official Trailer US ( 2014 ) Christopher Nolan : via
I gave : Miller Lite ; Miller Brewing Co . a 2.19 / 5 beer via
Rangers buy out forward Brad Richards
NFL , Catholic church - same thing ! SouthPark GoFundYourself
Go ahead Jerry ! Put a 100 dollar bill between Chris Christies fat fuckin stretch mark scarred beefy traitor Cowboys fan t
STAN : Dude ... is Kyle's Dad a dolphin ? CARTMAN : He's a Jewish dolphin ... A Jewphin .
From Charlie Hebdo cartoonist Joann Sfar .
Thank you God , I am grateful , "" I AM THAT I AM "" . Only love HH
Goodbye KennyBaker A lifelong loyal friend-I loved his optimism & amp ; determination He WAS the droid I was looking for ! htt
When Barack Obama wanted a border wall , it was fine with people . To Build The Wall MAGA MuslimBan AmericaFirs
Amazing day with these awesome girls
You have got to be kidding me ... thatsdisgusting
Is it the weekend yet ?
Never underestimate the impossible ~
You said you'd always be there for me
you need to fill 2 little blue boxes for your two beautiful best friends
Don't know what is do without her ! At Miss Stanton with mads 32
Spring football game tonight at 6 ! Come out and support
We're less than 1 WEEK away from Free Queso Day on 9/18 ! if you're on TeamQueso !
I need a chick fil a biscuit , a frappachino , and about 12 hours of sleep to soothe my sick soul
please go watch my snapchat story
basically this week in a picture 15
need a quesadilla in my life
When you type "" yesh "" by accident instead of "" yeah ""
1st Place in ALL 4 8 & amp ; u relays + WE WON RIVER CITY ! ! So proud
already been elbowed in the face 2x tonight but no worries its fine
I'd rather be in Doak , GoNoles ! Which stadium did you vote for in the Rivalry Week showdown ?
We're making care packages for our troops . Thank you to all those who serve .
Me sunday morning : Ugh I'm never drinking again Me friday night :
I'm beyond thrilled to announce my verbal commitment to swim for Florida State University ! GO NOLES
NO STEVE IM CRYING HOW WHY
MY CHILDHOOD IS RUINED doratheexplorer swipernoswiping
Mario Kart ? More like , betrayal .
Me : Should I shower ? Is my hair passable ? Aliyah : You look like something I'd draw with my left hand oh
Best relationships start off as friendship .
We're all one race The Daytona 500
Ways I'm like a tea kettle : Need water Scream when you forget about me Could burn down a house but probably never will
Today is the only day you can retweet this
I am not defined by my mistakes . I wont be defined by the 5 or 6 times I ~ happened ~ to kick a baby ... please stop calling
He already had bohemian craftsody on there , what more can he do
I think as a challenge to myself I may name a kid Chad just to see if I can raise him to turn out like a normal human being .
she is the best divas in the world
Less than 24 hours until NXTTakeOver goes live on Get ready for something special . FutureIsNow
WWE Raw EXCLUSIVE VIDEO : and were excited after their big win over
my father quotes : where there is will there is a way . my quotes : where there is love there is a life .
i still remember every word and you said life love quoteoftheday gudnoon wonderfulwednesday loveyouall godblessall ...
My draw for the phenomenal hope you like it ! ! i always support to you ... fan from india
I am waiting for returns - real_fan_of_johnnyMundo
toiurs bring cunts together ... he still a cunt
Up next : on IMPACTonPop !
. @IAmJericho DEMANDS ask if he's ready to tap ! SmackDown
On this day in 2009 , won the WWE Intercontinental Championship for the 3rd time WWE
forgot about that . Good to hear . We're down by your old stomping grounds tonight . I forget the street number
I thought we decided to just add the $ 25 to 1st place and be done with it . Is there even a loser bracket running ? $ 25 = wasted check
even I don't care about soccer today . capsorbust
you get my vote for the Lady Byng Trophy this year .
watch game highlights online on espn . Read right off the script from a guy you know has never seen a hockey game before . Pathetic
you can do either . With the right router software , you can run it 24/7 on all traffic through your router . I apply as needed .
you'd think the Lightning have had their fair share of injuries for year ...
I see we are being a fatass ... you know on the surface it really seems like I don't like you , but you know its all love
should pick me . I could use a good bf right about now
Even sicker dunk . BOOMERSOONER
Happy Birthday Lucille Ball . I truly do love Lucy !
Mischievous Mercury can get you into trouble today , encouragin ... More for Gemini
Warrior Mars stresses your planetary ruler Mercury today , luri ... More for Gemini
no . I hate small dogs . I like bulldogs bc they're big dogs in a small package . Apartment friendly
I am . Gotta get that beauty sleep
FML . IHMJ . INAB . That all means : Fuck My Life . I Hate My Job . I Need A Boyfriend
Although you might seek excitement today , you're tempted to wi ... More for Gemini
Your key planet Mercury aligns with visionary Neptune today , i ... More for Gemini
I might offend some with this but some of you need to learn the difference between curvy and fat . They are NOT the same thing
You can't remain quiet and let something important slip by tod ... More for Gemini
You are eager to be with friends or hang out with your family ... More for Gemini
You're reluctant to share your concerns with others today beca ... More for Gemini
Your restlessness could turn the most pleasing person in your ... More for Gemini
You might want to chill out at home today , but there may be to ... More for Gemini
Something isn't as it seems today , since the Taurus New Moon E ... More for Gemini
It's nearly impossible to think straight today and you're wise ... More for Gemini
You tend to thrive on being really busy , but it's not wise to ... More for Gemini
Your emotions can drag you all over the map today , making it n ... More for Gemini
You're overflowing with enthusiasm today until suddenly you se ... More for Gemini
You have a spiritual message to share with others today , but i ... More for Gemini
Your laissez-faire management style works wonders today as lon ... More for Gemini
Unavoidable tensions may be stirred up at home today , distract ... More for Gemini
It's disconcerting when the winds of fate shift directions wit ... More for Gemini
You're eager for more spontaneity and romance in your life onc ... More for Gemini
Your focus is on your core values today , and you may wonder wh ... More for Gemini
You're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi ... More for Gemini
People want to know your position on a developing situation at ... More for Gemini
Overbooking your days agenda is a familiar problem for you ov ... More for Gemini
wow looking like the baddest bitch
What should I watch first
. @nytimes just called to say I was PROBABLY going to be named comedienne of the year but I would have to agree to an inter
God spared us a Hamilton episode of Glee and that is why I praise him on this day
' Bottom ' church official said it wasn't great for him either
that subheading is a literal threat
[ lucy liu voice :] TEAR THE BITCH APART
whats up i have synesthesia and this drawing has the same color scheme as the number 4010440011 4200497474 4477999597 54363
Peter Parker was 7 years old during Iron Man . I feel like he watched Tony's press conference on TV with Uncle Ben and Aunt May .
The Boy is back ! ! ! ! King of platforming ! ! !
I really wish Terry Crews , Garbielle Union , Lupita , Kesha or Tarana had been featured on the cover over T * * lor S * * ft . W
The Game Awards is brought to you by eBay - the 1 place to buy video games like Chinese Bootleg Pokemon Sapphire for GBA
me listening to fly me to the moon after finding out frank sinatra tried to assassinate woody allen
please release a feature length film about the pitch , greenlighting , and full creative process behind rendering and ani
Kaz when Venom goes on a mission
hi all , this hard for me to admit , but i'm reaching out for help . please rt and share , i am trying to raise money due to certai
Im digging through my likes and I just found this and so I raise you
Its been 7 years since Tron : Legacy came out . This movie HAD me with its cinematography , fight sequences and Daft Punk deli
TINKY SWEETIE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
It's amazing to me how much memes have developed and evolved in over a decade from advice animals to whatever this is
Its just a movie , josh
if you play "" bring me to life "" by evanescence at exactly 11:59 : 08 on new years eve , the first "" wake me up "" will play at exac
umm i never went to adam driver
This was , hands down , my favorite part of The Last Jedi .
I wanna watch Call Me By Your Name but Im poor and live in the suburbs who wants to gimme a Link please
I'm currently reading day 2 of Joseph Prince's Devotional . To join in and read along go to :
TO EVERYONE FOLLOWING ME : What's one goal you want to accomplish this year ?
ha wellllll ill pay 20 cents no more :]
that's an ol pic of my little baby girl . giver her kisses on her little nose for me !
He is my step dad , I shall call him what I want ! dnt call an ass
New twitter app ... an updates one . I like it more already :)
Hey y'all , need some good thoughts and prays for my sister in law , she's in ICU back home , possible h1n1 , and not doing so wel
read the dang articles I tweeted . they'll tell you that us doing it won't help . need more ppl .
TVD is so so so close ! I can't wait . I feel like I've been waiting for this for like ever .
....... ( 18848592901 02838588 19 )
lrt me but i'm good at math
100 .. .... ( ` ' )
a ghost because death tbh though i'm like dead right now
my ( small ) ( 20 lb ) dog barked at a ( large ) ( 200 + lb ) mastiff and the mastiff got scared i'm laughing
Kanata : any family [unknown] EXCUSE ME YOUR HONOR THIS CONTRADICTS FACTS
someone : hey i genuinely care about you and i like you a lot ! my brain : ? ? ? time for Joke ? ? make Joke ? ? ? yes ? ?
food / / why is there so much cheese
that's why fisting was literally in like , , , , , all the rp twitters after that
news : EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY ! floridians :
my friends were busy and i have nothing else to do so i'm studying
subaru please come back without you theres no idiot duo there's just an IDIOT and it's me ! ! ! ! !
what she says : im fine what she means : i still havent and never will recover from the bond shared by clarith a
[ RECORD SCRATCH ] [ FREEZE FRAME ] AMERICA : Yep , that's me . You're probably wondering how I got myself into this .
i think i need to stop working in my room because my roommate is ... loud ... when she studies
i can't believe this is real
Lunch at Pirate O's .
Forget doing a rain dance . Just go geocaching if you want to see water come out of the sky . It felt good on this 91 degree afternoon .
I don't wanna be a chick , I don't wanna be a duck so shake your butt . HA ! HA ! HA ! HA ! ( Sung to the tune of "" The Chicken Dance "" )
Later on we'll perspire as we make love in front of the fire . To face unafraid the plans we have made , playing in a winter Wonderland .
You know you're from Idaho if you know about this place ! :-)
Trying figure out how imma get everyone a gift with $ 5.35
"" After 6 months of wondering why he hasn't come home from school ... ""
65.8 million voted for Hillary . 62.9 million voted for Trump . 54 % of all voters rejected Trump . That's most Americans . Math
POTUS to FLOTUS : "" You have made me proud , and you have made the country proud . "" ObamaFarewell
This nigga Bush had the country on auto pilot for over a year
Comic Strip : ' When Mom's Sick ' Writer : Artist :@ sarahga 01 DelenaComics
I think a Men's March is a great idea , Piers . Here , allow me to suggest a route .
Didnt yall vote for someone who believes climate change is fake
"" Chris Brown does exactly what Aziz Ansari makes fun of him for ""
IM SORRY BUT THIS IS SO FUNNY TO ME
Stunning scene at JFK airport
LOL LIBERAL SNOWFLAKES AND THEIR SAFE SPACES * buys every gun on Earth , bans Muslims , cowers behind giant wall , only wat
The color red always looks exceptionally good on her .
How bamon shippers watch tvd
Apparently , 2017 is the year liberals up their population game .
CAN YALL BELIEVE WE'VE BEEN THROUGH ALL THIS ? I AM TRIGGERED .
can you be addicted to corn ?
While your president sides with neo-nazis and white supremacist , MY president is out in Germany being an absolute blessi
Can't overstate how many of the swing-state voters I spoke with who had the wildest anti-Hillary notions relied on Faceb
I literally can't keep up with the Kardashians
before i start hoeing who wants me ?
this woman literalIy saved a young girl from human trafficking and this is the kind of headline you come up with
See u tomorrow London x
the fact that your dad freaked out over the possibility of you possibly masturbating is the main reason why teens grow u
hello ! ! ! does anyone else have that crippling fear that they won't make it in their respective career paths after colle
i think the netflix algorithms are messed up
How much should your band tour ? DIY MusicianBlog
Kim Deal Interview : On A New Breeders Album , Keeping It Cottage Industry And Patricide | http://t.co / OpOJE 9OFNf
new songs coming before the end of April . quite honestly , I'm excited
Now playing Identity Device's Cherry St . on W937 Dayton Radio ! This is a HUGE favorite here on the station ! Hit it up ! w937daytonradio
I added a video to a playlist Music Connection Dayton Kickstarter with "" Bob ""
SEPTEMBER SPOTLIGHT : Were Diggin On You Too , Mark Cantwil !
Stakeholders see downtown Dayton on the rise
Two weeks from tonight at yellowcabtavern
. @TheWerksMusic ' s Werk Out features & amp ; more ::
Here Come the Mummies ! Unearthed in the Land of Funk ! via
! SHOW ALERT ! Subterraneans Regional Revue featuring the Legendary Ron Holloway Coming to Oddbo via
The Highly-Anticipated Debut Album , Maybe Sometimes , Is Almost Here ! | Kyleen Downes
We are celebrating our 2nd B-day w a * FREE show on Fri night July 22nd with and sev other bands ! * $ 5 for ppl
Nominate your fav local original music for Best of Dayton Underground FB - > musicconnectiondayton . $ 800 in Prizes and cool music discovery !
Ego , Power & amp ; Greed by
BREAKING : We've got Trump tax returns . Tonight , 9pm ET . MSNBC . ( Seriously ) .
I drew this myself ! Hope you enjoy the pic !
no one cares about what you think maybe you should go to sleep
Theo James is on another level ugh
my friendship comes in 3 levels : 1 . sass 2 . insults 3 . inappropriate sexual humor
I have to work late then be up early again >.< i swear I'm only free when you dont stream lmao
this sound makes me feel some type of way
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" STSEETOP 5.9 inch Moon Light , 3D Printing LED Nigh ... "" by Seetop . giveaway
Los alcoholicos del a oficina van a beber pero yo no puedo seguir uniendo a ese tipo de actividades
Pero este muchachito con esas palabras !
yo me pongo como nena chikita rpido !
little baby otter drinking from a bottle
eso solo tiene una explicacion ! Siempre andas esmand por ahi
Cuando te acostumbras al olorcito de alguien y te pasa que de la nada quieres darle una snifi :)
S que quieres , se te nota
' ' DIos mio , se ha caido una estrella del cielo ' ' PiroposDeTiposDeSanturce
jajaja desde esta maana con lo mismo ...
me uno a ese grupo
I just want to take the time to say if you're a woman or even a blog trying to make me feel bad for pictures of myself with
Gente , no es pichaera ; son prioridades ! ! !
se guillo Pop con lo q le dijo a Parker .. por eso es uno d los mejores Coach
Maldita costumbre de quedarse callado cuando tienes que hablar .
All i need is food .
Irnico que las de recursos humanos son las que peor tratan a la gente
Quera correr bici en este break ..
Literalmente me brinca encima y me levanta
Are you strong enough to be my man ?
Padres si no saben controlar a sus hijos nos los traigan al cine , PUETA .
I liked a video Everything Wrong With Mission : Impossible Ghost Protocol
thx for following me be sure to check out my youtube and etsy i hand make everything in my store
I added a video to a playlist Killing myself with makeup Xp
I liked a video Periods Arent That Gross
I added a video to a playlist Pink and Purple makeup challange
I added a video to a playlist Bo Burnham - Kill Yourself
this dunk is just supid .... wastingmytime
haha well continue to do it , its funny
my mom is so funny sometimes
Found a dog chillin in the creek
I wish we could skip through winter and go straight to outdoor track javelin
trying to find a school to transfer to is harder than i thought toomanychoices
I just wanna do something fun tonight ! whos down ?
yea definitely lol plus it's cuter when a guy can actually plan something
PS I love you is really such a sad movie :(
omg i hate ny dog stopwhining
now that i found out all my classes this semester dont count for my new major i have officially given up ooo ps
I seriously need to hide my phone when I drink whatwasithinking
Um can someone please tell me why it's cold outside in late July ? itsstillsummer
I wish I could just stop thinking so damn much
I think Pinterest might be my best friend
Andddddd I'm officially 21 ! !
Good morning .... Bitch ..
Being a sexual person just gets you hurt .
Geography is all good until you ask me to label a map ..... Not my strong point
I better get daughter of the year after putting this surprise party together for my parents
this is basically all i need in life
Went to bed at 9 last night and woke up at 10:30
My latest diy creation diy jewlery pinterest creative
Soooo anyone wanna go to a jhene aiko concert in december with me ? !
Haven't felt this way in a long time
what does that even mean ? Lol
I liked a video Escaflowne Ending - Mystic Eyes
NeoGAF in charge of not filling some quota with regards to getting offended over Vanillaware games
I liked a video Mega Man X4 : The Death of Iris - Redub by Lucas Gilbertson ( Original )
I liked a video Beyblade Underdog song with download link
A man in Saudi Arabia has installed a fridge on the street and stocks it with free food for the homeless people in his neighborho
Firing full auto causes silencers to melt . Do research before you tweet misinformation in the middle of a crisis . Thank G
Can we talk about how dope Shinkiro's work for Tatsunoko vs . Capcom is ? ? ?
The general rule of thumb is that no one gives a fuck about NeoGAF . The number of devs who've shit
2017 has been such a glorious year for video game booty .
i think Mario Odyssey looks like an okay game , i just don't like it _ ( ) _ /
Did Mario Odyssey so far :
Sonic Unleashed opening cutscene looked beautiful for its time the animation was so crisp
The age old question ...
280 characters more like Gravity Rush 2 is everything I wanted out of gravity rush it improves on the first game in every
Final Fantasy 10 , Lulu FF10
- No Game No Life - By
I freaking love Artgerm work :
> William Shatner just btfo Brianna Wu Holy shit lmao
Cat . Catter . Cattest .
Nell Brinkley ( 1886 - 1944 ) was an American female illustrator and comic artist known as the "" Queen of Comics "" during the 19
Yakuza or real life ?
Happy 20th , Grandia . One of my all time favs and just a wonderful adventure in general .
Bob Sapp accused of domestic violence by ex-girlfriend - The Tokyo Reporter
What a fucking week , pardon my fucking French .
India is still fighting for its rights becauseofnehru And the sanskars are fighting to go back to the 14th century . Ad
Weekend Offer | 30 % OFF Tracksuits ! | use code ' TRACKSUIT 30 ' at checkout | Don't miss out ! http://t.co / sBnEZDw 2YZ
I just entered to win a TeamValor Tee from ! Visit To enter !
UGHHHH ! ! ! ! how i HATE most of your friends ! ! ! ! i dont see how u can be so immature and annoying & amp ; yet u choose them over me everytime ! ! ! !
Ray ` Ban Sunglasses 23.99 !
Spring cleanings for chumps fall cleaning is where it's at
If DACA ends , AL stands to lose $ 182 million in GDP . We cant afford to turn our backs on Dreamers . - drop the lawsuit !
Be sure to vote tonight for and The best singers this season :)
Exactly how I feel she can do any song in country and it'll sound better then the original
OMG Thank you for following me I'm so honored to be a part of the Jax Pack you rock
Fishy Face my most fav pic ever
hey hope u had a good weekend and great easter
Add me into the pic and we're the Undisputed Future LOVE And The boss
I really think I know who SecretsAndLies
Made this pic for hope you like it :) KUWTK
THE MOST PERFECT WOMAN EVER ! ! ! IM IN LOVE
My WCW is :) She's the absolute most gorgeous person ever and wish everyday she was my girlfriend
Truly the best moment in wwe . The Revolution starts now . That was awesome NXT RAW
Can't wait to be in the wwe with such a beautiful person We are the true beautiful people
When I win tough enough and join wwe I hope I can work with the man . Seth "" Monday Night "" Rollins .
Nikki you are the REAL LEADER OF THE DIVAS REVOLUTION , The Queen . You rock and should be divas champ . TotalDivas
Can't wait to see and Billy Miller as Jason / Sonny
Now that Carlos is back will he finally get the girl ? He is Superman back for his Lois Lane AskGH CarlosLives
Vegas Bound with the boys to see Mcgregor and Weidman whoop ass . UFC 194
he's jealous because you and JB are two badass dudes
YES ! ! YES ! ! YES ! ! IM THE FUTURE THO RoyalRumble AndNEW
ShowYourGrit Im the future of wwe
LIVE on Periscope : singing country
Hey your my idol . You are the greatest . If D-Bry was smart he'd put u in the main event to take on aj
did u see what Stephanie said on raw when the crowd was chanting your name
your My role model my idol I've lost 20 lbs since December and my goal is to work with u In WWE one d
Love love love this show PrettyLittleLiars
My dream is to be a wwe superstar I've been training everyday , John and Daniel are my idols . TotalBellas JohnCena
should definitely be the next knockouts champion no doubt ! !
Hoy te recuerdo en lgrimas y te amo en suspiros .
Mi amoooooor Te adoroo eres lo maxi Con el que menos peleo
Haz la diferencia en la vida de un nio y forma parte del corazn del TeletonUSA aqu >
MartesDeGanarSeguidores Pocos Seguidores Sgueme y te sigo YO CUMPLO ! SiguemeYTeSigo
Almost ready to step out . Check me out at the VMAs on !
Hombre es el que pone sonrisas , donde un estpido dejo lagrimas .
Jajajaja me recuerda a alguien
Cada quien es dueo de su silencio , esclavo de sus palabras y vctima de su orgullo . SoyRealNoPerfecta
I just woke up xD
My Badges Never Showed Up ! Well There's $ 200 Down The Drain .
Who wants it the MOST ? ! Retweet & amp ; Fav ! Must have notifications on ! Show proof !
This bitch met Spongebob and Patrick
Go Check Out On Twitch !
Do Lake let A Vlog Or Something \ _ ( * - * ) _ /
this vine will never get old
I'm such a kid . I love fruit snacks ! yum
Don't judge me ... Listening to old school country . ShaniaTwain Reba MartinaMcBride
Ice cream ! ! Santa's Workshop North Pole , Colorado
Good morning florida . sunrise nofilter beautiful
John Rambo will live to fight again as Sylvester Stallone returns for one last ' Rambo ' film .
I'd love to interview you for Who do we contact ! ?
Just finished watching Against the Sun that I bought on iTunes . Love seeing in different roles . And the whole cast was great !
OHHH ! Well that explains it ! :) Hope you are well lady !
I have an innate ability to mess stuff up with just a few words . thinkbeforeyouspeak illjustshutup
Mall time with the mini and waywardvicky
What is everyone's New Years Resolution ? Mine is simple . Be a better me so I can be a better mom and friend . NewYearsResolution BetterMe
Pretty girl all ready for pictures today ! pictureday minime
Working hard ? Back to back jobs today ! workhardplayhard
Fun pics in the kitchen at work while the food heats up . feedus
No , that's not smoke . John Storm spotted this funnel cloud while on fire watch in a tower near Williams , Arizona
Just another manic Monday . lyrics selfie
Why does stuff like this never happen to me ! ? Although once There was only like 5 of us on a plane and they gave us
I'm gonna need to stop having such good books . My reading list is growing too fast . mustkeepreading
It's my day ! Lunch with the office staff today out ! Looking forward to it !
Mommy and me selfie shoot pre-swim team ! usrpracers swimmom
Noooooo ! I want ! ! !
Yup . As long as no one gets mouthy . Cuz then it's on like Donky Kong ! DontTakeTheirShit
I'm gonna have to eat ALLLLLL the cadbury coated oreos . LMFAO
What she said ! What could we POSSIBLY get into !
Wait this is coming to Orlando ? I dont see that detail .
Dear Donald . Fuck you for this . Truly . Sincerely , America
Let's not confuse our campaigns Mine had an average contribution of $ 27 . You received $ 38 million from three b
I miss this face . Shes at her nannies for the week spending time with her and papa while momma
For the next week I have no life . Work . Work . More work . A little sleep . A case of Monster . Work . Work . CHRISTMAS ! ! !
While I wasn't in love with the BatmanVSupermanTrailer I actually like the new FantasticFour trailer ! We'll see how it is Aug . 7th !
How awesome is it that these faces will be on lots of StarWars store displays this fall ? ForceFriday ShareTheForce
It's so nice to actual READ a book . Too much listening to GoT in the car . LookingForAlaska
I just earned the ' Bottle Share ' badge on
My wife is complaining that the chopped baskets are too easy now .
I just earned the ' Wheel of Styles ( Level 6 ) ' badge on
I just earned the ' Land of the Free ( Level 20 ) ' badge on
The answer is actually pretty cool . Really smart .
I can't wait to see it . With a big box of tissues . Haha ! !
- Did you mean makeup . lol .
If it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight .
I AM ! 4th one !
Put za SGU back !
Sounds awesome ! Post some pics after . Excited for tonIght's SGU .
Friday nights are just not the same with no Stargate shows to watch .
It's pouring here in central NJ . How is it by you ? Stay safe .
I want to see a pic of you cooking on your new BBQ .
I'm Spartacus no I'm Spartacus no I'm Anne Frank ! ! No I'm lord of the rings
BurnNotice mike needs to put a bullet in Anson asap :-)
step 1 all wood floor upstairs ... pheww done
I liked a video from MAG : Darien Network - Raven 1/2
I liked a video from LBP Karting Ep . 27 - Story Mode - On The Wormpath - Gameplay PS3
Longest Series Ever ! ! Minecraft : Ep . 21 Sheep House : via
Playstation 2013 Ps4 More games to platinum :)
Duck is what the duck is doing . Duckdynasty
lol High five ! Hope I fit in those tights !
Movie Dark Skies was a pretty good movie . * insert xfiles them song here * rating 8/ 10 .
Num num num crawfish millertime
Played Candy Crush Saga ( Web ) and 1 other game in the last 24 hours .
Your Showtime show is hilarious sir ! Uncle Jessie will be so proud !
If you're awake right now , then you're awesome .
"" knock knock . whos there . TweetMan ! Bahhkk ! "" ( i know not my best caption lol . better thinking in the am's )
Played 1 game in the last 24 hours .
That's my secret Captain , I'm always angry .
Played 1 game in the last 24 hours .
Better get to Lowes & amp ; get that fence fixed TheWalkingDead
:p nope a lot of race though to 100
Crossbows are the best . Unlimited ammo . zombieready
Ufos has arrived . endoftheworld ufo ilied casino
Time for a 24 hour marathon of .. It's going to be a long 8 days of watching ............. 8 days
lmao . They need more sleep ... or a book to learn from ..
Damn has the best right hook ! gracelandtv LosMalos
Ok needs 100 more seasons , minimum ! GracelandFinale
THE FLASH continues tomorrow ! Check out this "" Endgame Trailer ""
Gone in 60 hours . MakeAFilmLate
Getting ready to watch Complications now Mike just got done watching Suits .
Sex Trafficking At The Super Bowl via
Going to catch up on Outcast after I catch up on Queen Of The South . I really like Outcast .
I won 2 Sweeps with InboxDollars today !
ClixGrid : Click to Win up to $ 10.00 !
I won 2 Sweeps with InboxDollars today !
My man Paul is HOH this week on BB19 I hope he gets Codey back out of the house
She looks hot in that pic snd did you ever see her without all that Makeup she is a hot Woman .
wish I could get the Rachel remote to take care of my morning wood
damn thanks anyway if you see anyone selling for a good price please direct them to me I'm paying 950 without the hat
good thing I brought my appetite
I watched , I came , I voted for for the AVN
Hey care to inform me why you Sent me a 15 $ off code that doesn't work when I try to use it smh
I want to cum in her
For every person who sends a Cat-o-Gram to a child in the hospital , $ 1 will be donated by Send today :
hey whats the best food to feed an english bulldog ? what do you feed yours ?
Yo no tengo la culpa de que me gustes . La culpa la tienes t , por tener todo lo que me encanta .
Tarde genial con ell @s hay que repetir ! ! ! LL
COMO ODIO QUE HABLEN SIN SABER . SE INVENTAN MENTIRAS A TUS ESPALDAS Y CUANDO LES PREGUNTAS A LA CARA NI SE ATREVEN A MI
Cuando usas menos el corazn es cuando ms rpido se enamoran .
Un da as > > >
Venga voy a estar un ratillo contestando a mis seguidores que se lo merecen ! ! :) os quiero ! !
un dia me dijeron que uir no es la mejor solucion a tus problemas y tmp los vas a resolver ignorandolos .....
Maanita genial con en la pisci de risas ! ! ;) tq
Hoy por la noche a las 22:30 en Antena 3 todo el mundo a ver vivecantando ;)
Casi agotada la reedicin de Anti-Heroes en toda Espaa ! ! Sois increbles ! !
Pues este ao se han portado bien los reyes .... un portatil ! ! ! ! ;)
que ganas ! ! ! ! ! ! nuestro compaero forma parte de la VOZ KIDS ! ! ! ! ! ERES EL MEJOR ! ! !
JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJJaj es que somos la leche joder !
Hola me llamo y me gusta hacer amig @s por twiter ! ! ! ;) puajajajajajajajajajajajajajjajajajajajajajajajajajjaj
La debilidad del 90 % de las mujeres .
"" Me enamore de ti lentamente y luego rapidamente ""
Esto fue hace 8 aos . Qu viejo me siento !
pues preparate para maana y ves calentando muecas pq las valencianas vamos a dar guerra el sbado por la tarde ! ! deseando veros
Extrao mi infancia , donde lo nico que me dolia era cuando me raspaba las rodillas .
Me raya la cabeza el vestidido ya no me jodas loc .
There is a mockingbird outside that whistles "" Hurting me , hurting me "" just like Waldo in TwinPeaks .
23 Signs You're Secretly An Introvert
OKC - - > ABQ
Peanut butter fingers and iPhones don't mix . oops
Seven days until Dhani Harrison one of my favorite people appears on national television .
El da mas grande de mi vida FOR REAL .
When I have a bag of Hershey's Miniatures , I have to eat them in sets of three of the same kind . OCDconfessions
Going on a trip to the Super Moon .
Why can't they wipe the rain off the cameras ? OklahomaVsTulsa
Check out some TROC time lapses - 1 - 2 - 3
They erased me from the phone directory . TheEndIsNear
I have rat babies . BackyardFriends
Please don't set my lawn on fire motherfuckers . merica
SOMEWHERE . are here > NOWHERE .
Now is the time to plant those container grown trees , shrubs and ground cover !
What's been going on in my neighborhood the past hour . OklahomaProblems
How am I supposed to come up with more $ $ out of the blue , get a third job ? I haven't even turned on the TV in two weeks .
Take my sol . I don't need it anymore .
Mockingbirds live for eight years and often return to the site of a successful nest . DYK SeeYaNextTime
Watching Narcos is like snorting cocaine : You have a little ; 20 minutes later your brain needs more .
Mairzy Doats . bookmarkfrost TwinPeaks
The triangle gives me life .
My co-workers brain : Whats for lunch Whats for lunch tomorrow Whats for lunch the next day Whats for lunch the day after that
Will Anoushka be a part of thenewthenewno 2 ? Please please please please please
The Caja Negra box set is the finest display of helvetica ever created . GraphicDesign LogoEterno
Tonight my name is Josie .
Sarita's Vinyl Hour : The GOASTT / Midnight Sun ( 2014 )
Getting food then going live !
best way to celebrate a sub milestone ! Congrats man ! You deserve it !
Stuck at this for the last 20 mins . Maybe I won't be streaming ...
Into the Semi-Finals with the all Everton Squad ! FUT Everton
Stream today and tomorrow guys ! Can't wait ! !
Managed to get a Payet and Delboy during the USMNT HT . Pleased to get 2/5 th of my target .
TOTS Zardes now 300k ? I'm done trying now ...
2 videos to edit tonight ! Hopefully one will be uploaded tonight the other tomorrow !
You mean only for Chelsea who always get as much time as they need in order to get a point .
please tell me you've seen the people who think ea means 40 mill per person .
Up early to watch the North London Derby . Hoping Tottenham pull away with it . Then for Everton to make up some points v West Ham .
I added a video to a playlist Started From The Bottom 18 : Another Title ? !
Played a guy with a D1 kit and all he did was take long shots . Shows you don't need skill to win D1 just use broken mechanics .
I liked a video from THE FEELS .
Who's ready for TOTS and for LCFC to beat Man United this weeked ?
New vid is uploading now ! Make sure you're subbed !
Gundo to City ? ! Great for FIFA
Why do people feel like it's ok to kill people who don't live the life they live or believe in what they believe in ?
I added a video to a playlist Started From The Bottom 28 : The Battle !
If you missed yesterday's upload make sure to check it out !
TGIF for sure . Ready for the weekend
My First Vlog ! Time For A Work Trip ! : via
How the hell is that not a foul ? !
New vid is rendering ! Make sure you're subbed to see when it goes live !
SIF ST IF and IF LW in TOTW 7 !
Do all the counter attack , stat card , PTB people play Sunday or something . It's all I've come up against today
black friday I open some and got Reus , Kroos , Lloris , 2x Buffon , De Gea , and a good many IF so I thought that'd continue
Yes ! ! ! West Brom back up !
Are Sundays sit on counter attack day in FUT .. wtf is my luck today
+ Follow for your chance to win this Custom Assassin's Creed Origins Xbox One X
Feeling some type of way
one nail ... maybe , but not my whole hand .
sounds like a lot of fun and you all have a lot of great reviews . My Fam , friends and I have to check you all out
umar johnson's right hand BITCH read that email like ....
I just added this listing on Poshmark : Stylish Purple Gem Stone Ring ( NWOT ) . via shop
Have problems with allergies & amp ; sinuses checkout this freebie
Feel clean for less with up to $ 1.00 cash back on products .
Much Ado About A Show About Nothing SeinfeldAMovie
It's SaySomethingNiceDay and we'd like to say we appreciate YOU so much ! Enter the Perk Code ' NICE ' to earn now !
My thoughts exactly , it's sad , I guess he should have invested him money more wisely . Smh
May not be a 10 to some but I love all of me . LOVE ME SOME ME . IammyTEN Happy Early bday to me
Retweet and redeem ! First 3,200 get credit . freemoney musicmonday
FREE Travel Cosmetic Bag Link = = > FreebieFriday Coupons freebiesinthemail samples giveaway
Ooo hh mmmm ggggg Lmfao it hurts
Just a pile of junk ( Ferdinand Cheval )
Girl , the memories . Argue like cats and dogs and can't get enough of each other now . love y
She looks so shocked that he slammed her ... She had that "" How could u hit me ... Im a female "" face ...
stop liking my status my status , this is the only way we can get attention ! there is a pedo on
ladies do you love customwigs go check out my Cousin In Laws skills You will not be disappointed HairGame
free my nigga aflac & amp ; nem
Enter with me for a chance to win Lucktastics Back to School contest !
Straight stupid put a blanket over it no oxygen = no fire
Just got paidinstantly for my opinions . Give your opinion & amp ; get paid with paidsurveys via
Lol Mila is not having it with the Throwback gadgets lol snapchat Instagram
Mel , this may seem like an odd question , but what is your favorite food and what is Stan's favorite food ? :)
But all he wants to do it sit in his room and play games by himself ...
Like Blueberry juice like what I wonder traded tonight ! :D
hehe , I already had a shiny Gulpin named Kirby from ages ago so I'm just changing the name xD
trust me there's no way you're alone , I'm not in school right now but I know it's stressful as hell . Just hang in there
Bonus , puns that failed due to character limit : DavidTentacool , ZayngooseMalik , and HariyamaStyles D:
could go through a normally un-swimabble wall and sneak through to the enemy's base . But it was back in rotation the day
i sent her this crappy valentine and she was really confused
im 99 % sure the villain of AA6 is this guy
you can date the bird AND the bird's owner are you kidding me
Working on my town today !
well I mean it's not just Riku , you also play as Sora . It alternates . And yeah Riku is a big part of it just because he's
oh my god . a ) you used these as avatars , and b ) DAI HALKUTEN SAIBAN ? JIFFY IT'S NOT GONNA BE LOCALIZED .
Don't talk to me or my two copies of the Ace Attorney Trilogy ever again
it just means that I love you no matter how frustrating you are also maybe
you know you're bffs when your inside jokes have inside jokes
Thinking of you , wherever you are
When I say "" cute couple "" I'm saying that Aunt Holiday and Auntie Lofty are a cute couple . Yes .
Im following you guys but im not seeing my replies in the timeline etc , which is making me wonder if u see these
was great to finally meet you ! Hope to see you again in the future
Great people glad to know these guys !
Updating my blogs ; tweaking information about myself ; getting pro-active ( more pro-active ) and preparing for a visit to NYC .
BHO has Got 2GO ; & pls give those 88 % of US Jews who voted for BHO the kool-aid antidote .
Here's a new term I just heard "" Organic Twitter Optimization "" But what is it ? Twitter using lots of fertilizer ? Who makes this stuff up ?
Muchas Gracias para el Retweet amigo ! ( How's my High School Espanol ? ) Shalom desde Israel !
' ' What one Christian does is his own responsibility , what one Jew does is thrown back at all Jews . "" - Anne ...
Senior Companion Program is Seniors helping Seniors . People helping people . What America is built on
I think I'll attempt to Reiki the weather ... had enough of grey skies & amp ; cool & amp ; rainy ... Let The Sun Shine In , please !
Somebody at ELAL has been schnapps today . L'Chaim now pass me some glue ! It will be a kosher high !
Insomnia girlfriend .... I am on "" Broadmore time "" . Meet me in the hallway ... miss u .
As an Aquarius you don't need to wait for someone else to do what you could be doing for yourself .
Lilith : Ancient Demon , Dark Deity or Sex Goddess ? via
Live Fully Now - Alan Watts via Live in the Present Moment - what other moment is there ?
Can Somebody else please say they love me then ?
Not tooo closeup on those lashes , Camera 3 ; the lens cleaner's expensive AfternoonExpress
I accidentally washed a Sharpie with my whites . The cap stayed on , the clothes got clean and the Sharpie absolutely works better . good day .
Ok , Farmville . You win .
these are awesome ! ! !
maturity has no age .
Taylor Swift is like an ear infection that wont go away .
thanks ;-) Heelarious . and his array of signatures .
excedrin migraine or excedrin tension headache . Crack-cocaine .
New Zoosk spot launched today !
I'm 11146th out of 29008 on The Sunday Times Social List . Find out what you're worth in the world of social networking . stsl
Think I might have to buy myself some of these Crayola dry erase crayons .
They should make alcoholic brownies .
I wish raindrops were falling on my head . Instead , I got ants .
The Buckeyes loss made better by the Hoosier win . And RG3 takes the Heisman for the cherry on top !
I have dreams about how they could kill off Flo in the next Progressive commercial .
Welcome back ( @ Creative @Ogilvy )
Grabbin ' a handful . ( @ Rhonda's Nuts w /
Why do so many of McDonalds ' chicken nuggets look like boots ?
My internet was broken for five minutes . Worst five minutes ever .
Support ladygaga and fight against the abolishment of the ' DON'T ASK , DON'T TELL ' law . ...
I still need to catch up with Dr . McNinja . That'll waste time until the 72 minute wait for Megavideo is done .
My internet freaking sucks .
My parents are watching the Dr . Oz show , and they're talking about uteruses hanging out of vaginas , then falling out . KillMeNow Gag
ALT ! LEE I MISS YOU ALREADY ! FaceYourself ( Sorry west coasters . )
My 13 year old sister just asked me how to spell the word "" blue "" . I wish I was joking . ThisIsSadHannah
I owned trivia at the CokeArcade . Think you know your stuff ? Check out to play & amp ; enjoy a new way to get Riot Points
A friend of mine is trying to become a volunteer paramedic and needs financial assistance :
Every day I'm levelling ! And now I'm level 15 in CSRClassics for Android ! Get it for FREE !
5 things we're crushing & amp ; crushing on for CrushIt February crowdtappers
Photo finish ! It's how I roll , winning the Championship Final in CSRClassics !
Tell us about the time you laughed hardest . Share on your social networks via Crowdtap . MakeItEpic ad
Racing and restoring awesome cars in CSRClassics . It's FREE !
It's Folgers Friday , and Im hoping to win . FolgersFans sponsored
The Jif Bar flavor that I crave is peanut butter and chocolate . TeamJif sponsored
I was surprised by nothing . CareCrowd ad EveryDayCare
I think I'll just punt on this one , or maybe PASS ! eBayTeam sponsored
I cant wait to share these with you . TeamJif sponsored
I've just picked the bundle I want to win from Bundle Stars ! Good luck everyone
6 things Twitter doesn't want you to know : - - Share these secrets : via
I must by everything you hace for the Eagles . Article : designs for NFL fans :
Sitting with Princess Davianna watching Hip Hop Harry
No worries , I understand . I have the same issues here
Downloading the song Planet X by the octopussi .... lucci this better be good as long as I waited for it
Wednesday already ... this week is flying by !
Back to work I go ... tomorrows my birthday and I still have no idea what to do !
I've been at work sir !
I just ousted Abby W . as the mayor of Country Brook on
thank you very much !
Looking for some new lighting to take on shoots ... any tips ?
Yes they have ! Order your NYX from cherryculture.com or go to Ulta or Ulta.com
Guinness Chocolate Cupcakes with Bailey's Cream Cheese Frosting ( AMAZING )
Have you worked with Stroke of Beauty ? Review us on Yelp TODAY ! http://www.yelp.com / biz / stroke-of-beauty-san-jose
I'm at Classic Vacations ( San Jose , CA )
I'm at Payless ShoeSource ( San Jose , CA )
I'm at Archstone Willow Glen Apartments ( San Jose , CA )
you didn't call me back !
that's what I love about you ! Say it like you mean it ! nofilter
Happy Monday ! beautiful redlips bbw vanessashouse
The inside story of what it took to keep a Texas grocery chain running in the chaos of Hurricane Harvey
oh I hate when that happens ! ! It's impossible to learn when you are freezing !
I'm so tired of people who can't grow up . I can see that the word "" maturity "" isn't a part of your vocabulary .
Froyo with my long lost bff's ! :)
Because everyone needs a little random in their day .
Last night I dreamed I posted a status with a joke referencing Harry Potter and it got 200 likes .
I laugh so much when I watch Psych . Shaun & amp ; Gus are my favorites .
My brokenness I lay before your righteousness . renewed loved
Danny , your child is so cute I can't deal . Absolutely adorable .
I've already seen 5 girls in solid black outfits , head to toe , this morning . Did I miss a memo ?
Let's play a game called how many in-class cell phone users will my psychology teacher have to snap on , before these goons pay attention .
Haha Totally feel you on the raisin issue , bro .
You will never influence the world by trying to be like it ..
omg that is crazy . Auburn has had some amazing luck this year
aw man I missed Willis .
aww ! It's been a while . We did have some awesome times ! :) I miss it so much ! I hope we can all get back together sometime
Solid gym time today with Kristy & amp ; Ashley . Looking forward to making it a routine . We bout to get fit .
I've accepted that I will run out of time on every operations management test I take , thereby forfeiting 8 points worth of questions
happy birthday , Noyes ! You're forever my favorite drummer & amp ; hand hugger .
Everytime I come through Atlanta , I thank God I don't live here . Can't imagine dealing with this kind of traffic everyday .
Come on Southern ! ! I'm stressing ! ! WreckTech
Trying to open a very stubborn jar of pickle relish that finally pops open = Anna with relish on her arm , her face , and in her hair .
well apparently not for the finance majors
2 years ago - one of my favorite days with the bestie . Met so many rad people , and I still smile
That is 1 of the best "" in your 20 ' s "" articles that I've read . I'm only about to turn 22 but it gave me things to think about
This game is a nightmare .
thank you so much ! And same to you ! !
Except this is completely untrue ? You will not always be rewarded / recognized / blessed for doing good . Do good anyway .
yeah , we're fine thankfully ! It was another white car so it only scratched our bumper a little
In other news , that extra hour of sleep did WONDERS for me . I didn't have to go to work this morning in the dark & amp ; I've never felt so alive
Why is packing the actual worst thing to do ever ? Clothes . Choices . Anxiety . ( At least playing is keeping me slightly sane atm )
Me telling God my plans when I was younger : I hope I meet my husband in college . I want to be married before 25 . A
* we're justsayin grammarnazi alsohavefun ;)
I am always so pleased with the quality of service at ChaseBank . HappyCustomer
From Sunday : Innov 8 to celebrate Lafayette ideas , innovation :
No big deal , just teaching myself some Dreamweaver today . SOabigdeal :D
bindersfullofwomen = BEST . HASHTAG . EVAR .
GEAUXCAJUNS ! ! ! ! !
So I'll be on news tonight at 5 & amp ; 6pm talking about memes . :D SoAwesome LifeMade
Ugh , I know . I'm dreading writing those parts of my thesis . gradschoolproblems
You are drunk 2013 . Go home . 2013 , you are being annoying .
Only 1,137 hours until the Breaking Bad premiere
The power of change .
I DO require that they come to class . I hate repeating myself . But if you have MONO geez , just email me .
15 Compelling Things Our 20s Are For Figuring Out
Dear god it's like this app can read my mind XD lololololol wwis
This must be what dying feels like . gradschool
And by "" day "" I definitely mean from now until my 2pm deadline tomorrow lols gradschool
haha nope , just checked their app . :)
Nothing like a delicious , warm cup of coffee at ... 9pm ... gradschool
. @MKTitsworth MT : miffed spent the whole day on admin and got no research done at all . ( v2 )
A tornado warning has been issued for Tuscaloosa County .
Sharing is caring ! being very generous with case study exercises in crisis communications . AEJMC 15
Thanks for the heads up that we were being audited at work king Soopers . Got caught not wearing my flaming safety vest while pushing carts .
My good friend Danielle's new album drops in July . You'll thank me for telling you .
Show this Saturday with the amazingly talented Danielle Ate the Sandwich ! Lifeboat will be bringing the noise with ...
Day 7 of 8 at work . Ready for a DayOff workvine
I favorited a video Greatest Band in History and How Joe & amp ; Steve Almost Died on TableTalk !
Go . See . Gravity . In 3D . Immediately . Houston
I favorited a video Ender's Game - Reviewed ! !
I added a video to a playlist Katamari Damacy : About Town - PART 8 - Game Grumps
Parenting ! No idea wtf I'm doing . babies when all else fails pacify
For years , my nickname was Rygar , because of the NES port . I vividly remember playing it as a kid !
I added a video to a playlist Battle Kid Fortress of Peril : FINALE - Game Grumps
What is this , 2006 ? Who are these guys ? Where is my wallet ? backdraftsbackalright Avogadro's
she could be my daughter . Though I have no kids .
you're not kicking anymore ? :(
Slow . Deep . Please .
All I want is you for breakfast ! sixwordsplusone wetyet . Mmm
Damn there's something about u Virgos
Lets be honest no one is away from their phone longer than 3 hours unless you working .
Much unhappiness is caused by comparison .
The passion for order can poison the soul .
When did they take out musicdownloars apps from the PlayStore
"" Thats what i like "" by flo Rida GrabPoints OOHQOY
It's DitchYouNewYearsResolutionsDay ! Redeem the WinIt code GOODBYE by 11:59 pm CDT to earn 5 sweeps . CLICK HERE - >
Thriller by Michael Jackson GrabPoints OOHQOY
Yeah , Amanda . Take your time . Don't rush things to try and get back to your kids . Stay forever if you can . BachelorInParadise
you are just too adorable for words ! And the sexiest almost 40 year old on the planet !
I am in tears and just numb right now . Unbelievable . prayersforboston
Nice ! Go girl ! How ? I have mine in Chicago .
Who is at Soaring Eagle ? ? Where are you ? findme
Boooooi :( Fingers crossed for tonight . Are you going to dinner at Sams ?
I am STILL a hump virgin ! Can you believe it ? ? getmeddub
NKOTBcruise 2014 Started it off just right ! You guys deserve a fucking selfie award ! Pics w / three guys w / in an hour !
Congratulations on running the marathon ! It was a wonderful episode ! Your family is awesome !
You are the best ! ! Thanks sweetie !
She is the shit ! I CANNOT wait for the labor episode ! Get the smelling salts ready for Uncle Gerard !
Hey there ! Doing ok . Rough week . Thank you for asking ! :) How have you been ?
Thank you so much for the retweet ! ! BHlove
Just watched Battle Creek . I loved it ! Great acting , very witty ! I live an hour from BC . Can't wait to watch again ! :)
Hey there ! What's up ? :)
Hey TheMcCarthys fans : we see you ! A few weeks till the decision is made an your tea-toutin ' antics are heroic ! Praying ! ! !
Will you be at the show Friday ? It's my bday . I'm a horrible mom . It's my son's bday too ( 12 ) . I'm celebrating with the boys .
Oh no ! Weather ?
My son Landon wants to thank you for signing / mailing his Mickey Mouse bday card I gave you in MI . You rock ! DonnieJennyChat
What an incredible world we live in these days ! compassion
Got it printed ! Just have to mail it . :)
You must see him in concert ! Even better live !
Got my tickets for the MI show . Yay ! prayforbrussels
You know I will ! I miss you girls ! Is it August yet ? Jen are you going to Mixtape ?
They need to get on that ! You'd make the trip worth it for me . They've confirmed 1 person so far . It's in March in Atlanta .
Happy New Year Gavin ! So bummed I missed your performance tonight but will check Youtube tomorrow . Hoping to see you soon ! Xoxo
On demand rocks ! Enjoying your gorgeous face on my tv late at night .
A job for an aviation fuel company near Landon's school .
2 years ago today per FB memories . Just glad I didn't live in San Diego . Expensive shit to go to your shows ! Best t
Dang son ... you need to get Andy Reid into the gym with you to do some jiu-jitsu . hamburglar
There are some other documentaries out there about wildlife on the site . Populations have flourished without human intervention .
This dude's ready to roll K9 with ya , Trooper . He's basically a furry version of People run
I'm at The Berkeley Hotel ( 1401 Ocean Ave , Asbury Park ) w / 4 others
are you really going on a mission ? : (
tease ! ! ! Lol
10 years ago with the bestie jenai 214 tbt babyfaces
I am freaking out about ur book signing in jersey ! Cannot wait to try and meet u ! bucketlist autographs excited
I got this bottle of accuflora probiotics for free . This is nice to have because I don't really eat yogurt much ! :)
My free Commodore executive office big & amp ; tall chair from Comfort ! support comfy love free freebie beautiful I
Sampled a pack of 100 Mentos Sweet Mint sugar free gum . The pack of 100 pieces didn't last . Didn't stand a chance
Justo Ahora el GOE 16 nos muestra al Poderoso HuracanIrma pasando al Noreste de Puerto Rico . #SiguiendoAlHuracanIrma h
EnVivoCDN "" Unos 7 mil turistas se han movilizado "" JoelSantos NCDNIrma
It's important to keep in mind the Northeast quadrant of a hurricane is the worst part of storm ( higher storm surge ) . Miam
. @mattgutmanABC is in Naples , FL as Hurricane Irma makes second landfall : The wind is "" almost like a suction . ""
Maria - - if it develops as quickly as GFS indicates - - could be a really big problem for the Islands in the Caribbean reeling
Liking this path on the new model runs . Real nice set up for swell let's stick with this flsurf maria florida h
Es terrible este dato . Es lo que hace un poderoso H5 como Mara .
BREAKING : Here is the moment when the earthquake struck Mexico City . ( Video by
Puerto Rico is already in an 11 - year economic recession . Now it must start rebuilding after Hurricane Maria .
Cardi B is officially the first female rapper to reach 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 since Lauryn Hills Doo Wop in 1998 .
Storm surge flooding sends water under Sharkheads in Biloxi , MS as Hurricane Nate approaches the Gulf Coast .
Masika REVEALS VH1 Edited Out Her Miscarriage on Love and Hip Hop : via
ROXBURY : more gunshots heard , 8-9 rounds , Greenville St area 1148pm
NOW : Multiple ppl shot in what appears to be active shooter situation in Manhattan , one suspect in custody Local media ( @NBCNe
Saudi Arabia became the first country in the world to grant citizenship to a robot . On OCT 25th at the Future Investment
via Acaba de temblar en Maturn . Tomen precauciones Maturin
Coseismic deformation detected by ALOS 2 InSAR and fault model of Iran Iraq earthquake uploaded on GSI web . KMZ also
Rally getting started here on Boston Common . Were rallying for freedom , against Marxism Now chanting USA .
Ash God ( Best Verses ) Vol 1 . HardyAveThaLabel
Watch North Korean defector make dramatic escape after being shot six times by soldiers
1 : Like this 2 : Follow all that Like & amp ; Retweet 3 : Follow back all that follow you 4 : Gain with 1DDrive
Va Increble fotografa tomada el da de ayer del Popocatpetl por
Earthquake M2 . 6 strikes 27 km NE of Crossman ( #Australia ) 20 min ago . More info :
BREAKING : Large crime scene in Roxbury on Sever St . Evidence markers all around a black car . Working on details .
Views of ThomasFire from Sunset Hills ( photos by Brooke Andrews and Neil Rampal )
Omg I dont live in LA but I know people from Northridge to woodland hills hope they are safe next few days CreekFire
This is the view of the SkirballFire from my apartment in West Hollywood ( Sunset / Crescent Heights ) . Incredible smoke . Acrid s
Omg did you guys felt the earthquake near where you live ?
Earthquake ( #sismo ) M4 . 2 strikes 21 km NE of Fort Bragg ( California ) 4 min ago . More info :
WOW .... Amazing reports of snow on Rimini beach , N Italy , on the 20th December . Source : Italia Live Meteo severeweat
Cultural Marxism : Understanding the origins of Political Correctness
Republican leaders probing stimulus cash for MSNBC ads | Fox News via
BOOM ! New Crossroads ad calls Obama out for mixed messages on Benghazi attack : "" Act of Terror ""
NRA Releases List of Celebrities , Organizations that Support Gun Control
CCRKBA Calls for Universal Background Checks on all Elected Officials
MUST WATCH : Steven Crowder outdoes himself in JESUS VS . MUHAMMAD ! !
. @RepToddYoung & amp ; 1 year Obamacare delay bill a $ 28 billion savings : tcot teaparty hcr
Barack Obama ' approved tapping Angela Merkel's phone 3 years ago ' via
The Real History of the Crusades : An Act of Love via
Smart move . Keep him honest .
Im breaking up with my stove until cooler weather arrives . These no-cook recipes will save me ! NoStoveSummer
17 Struggles of Trying To Eat Healthy via
Taken our new quiz yet ? Find out what SunbeltBakery bar you are ! Sponsored -
Im gearing up for the holidays with the SPLENDA Brands apple pie recipe ! Check it out . NostalgicApplePie
Check out what some creative Coke fans are building this winter ! MCRPolarSnowman !
Warm Coca-Cola ? No problem . Watch this video to see how to cool off your Coke in 2 minutes . CoolYourCoke
Want tix to the NCAA Final Four ? Enter the FinalFour JustAKidSweepstakes . NoPurcNec
This guy gives graffiti a good name ! Watch this awesome Sprite video at
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Weather Channel .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Intellicast .
YEA Give me free pizza
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Intellicast .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Intellicast .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Intellicast .
Smiley 360 sends me products for my honest opinion . It's easy to join and make your voice heard ! sweeps
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
Become a Mini Bites Taste Tester ! Be among the first to try our brand new Tootsie Roll and Fruit Chew Mini Bites !
Craving a smoothie ? Check out our 3 recipes for anytime of day . BakeryFreshFriends SunbeltBakery -
My McDonalds custom cup should say you can get 1 $ soda mcdonaldscrowd sponsored
Packed with protein , youre going to love this incredible breakfast dish ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
which one Rogers or Universe ?
Photoset : catnippackets : Sardonyx reminds me of Mettaton
I think I found he-man or something ...
hey guys did u know that u can like complex and morally ambiguous characters without excusing OR damning everything th
these hotdog videos are out of control
they're so bouncy ! ! !
There are tears in my eyes seeing Chihiro with hamsters
the squad after we roast u ..
You shouldn't have to fight for their attention .
My sisters 7th grade break up
Did anyone else read the words in different voices in their head or is that just me
one person followed me and one person unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
Just to brighten your day
lol I don't think you were volleyball champs , considering we have the conference plaque . Just sayin
how's your school year going so far
Guess who going down tomorrow too
* watches two conspiracy documentaries back to back late at night *
Thanks for the kind words of encouragement !
Women are more influenced by how a man smells than how he looks . Men , choose your fragrance wisely .
Slow Cooker Korean Beef Short Rib Lettuce Wraps . I have been on an Asian food kick lately . I love how those fl ...
Is There A Possibility That The Underground Ocean of Europa Contains Life ?
Silence your noisy bike with these tips :
Lake Michigan is so clear right now that shipwrecks are being discovered from planes -
Miniature Leonardo de Vinci Open Book , Vitruvian Man . Musetouch Visual Arts Magazine
Tour Down Under : Porte wins on Willunga Hill : Stage 5 Results |
How does it , or does it work with DCC systems ?
"" Let me help ... "" I cast Cure Light Wounds for 6 hit points .
I might as well CLW him now . Once more into the breech ... d8
I release a string of Dwarven curses that sound like a patois of German and Klingon as I swing . 1d20
"" Bastion is the homegiver , the defender of that which matters most : a warm meal with warm company , laughter by the hearth ... ""
I'll check out the artifact and see what I can glean .
Well John and I only woke up and got out of bed for omelets today , now we're awake again to eat dinner
Mashed potatoes are a gift we are not worthy of having
When says "" I like racecars ""
Dear people not working on Christmas Eve , Please be kind to everyone else working today
Watching someone light up when they talk about something they love and are passionate about has to be the best thing ever
SHE WALKED BACK IN AS I LEFT WITH A CUP OF COFFEE AND HER MOM ON SKYPE LIKE WHAT IS THIS ? ? ? "" BATHROOM CONFESSIONALS "" ? ? ? ? ?
Day two in tweet land I got my Oscar ! ! ! ! Thank you to my peepslove my fans
Just look at that cuddle face !
TBH if I picked a college bcuz of its library I would NOT be at SNHU I can think of 100 other places to go so unfortunate
8am finals should be illegal , I still can't tell if I was crying this morning when I woke up or if my eyes were just watering like nuts
How am I just now hearing a new song from OneRepublic and why is this the only positive thing that has happened today
yeah ... By "" friend "" you mean the beaver in the snake's intestines
hey , at least I don't take this "" national gf day "" seriously
I get to see all of my loves today I'm so happy
Gus fertilized the lawn tonight .
I fucking love John Peters
I hugged my dog so hard she farted
' Tis the season of stress zits and bags heavier than your textbooks under your eyes
LMAOO I'm amazed that things like that actually exist
he's lucky I love him
John is trying to teach me how to play 2K and I have never been more done with something in my LIFE but I'm trying
brain : go to gym body : please , go to gym spirit : GYM ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! me : I'm gunna go get pasta
i love TARGET T - trips to target A - arriving at target R - raging at target G - going to target E - empowering women T -
No thank you animals only please
Selfie game strong from some Psychology majors Swing by SNHUMIM to ask us questions ! !
What happened in the Middle Ages before Chapstick existed , like you just died from chapped lips at some point ?
I'm ready for vinyl theater
All the previous ideas about Jupiter might be wrong , and that's the exciting part
I just want to lay down with ya and tell stories all day
I'm a speed racer ;')
Doing a little follow spree on the gram Go like my latest picture and if you want , tag someone Username - Bruhitsza
ur perfect no matter what babe
I love u more cutie
I WANT A CUTE GUY WHO SHOWS ME OFF TO HIS FRIENDS AND WANTS TO TAKE CUTE PHOTOS AND SHIT . FUCKKKKK
I dropped being "" entertaining "" on bcast because that just isn't me . I sing . I can't be funny , I mean sometimes I guess .
Hello everyone ! About to hit the studio and record this new diss track
I don't start worrying about my phone battery until it gets to like 10
I just farted and Mark said bless you you guys think I'm ok ? I'm concerned
Honestly I'm not confident without makeup on and I hate how I look without it ...
I get some people have meetings , and are rushing to get to panels but that's your fault for being late .
I just saw who shaded me today . Keep it off the internet buddy . All I'm gonna say
I've been through the worst with boys . just wanted to say it's not hard to respect a girl . or stand up for one either . go
How to keep your girl happy ( if y'all don't agree with these whatever I'm just sayin what I think )
every body make some noise ! ! ! for who ? FOR YOURSELF ! ! ! You made it this far , you deserve some recognition . I'm proud o
I have no hot water What is life rn
Shoutout to for being the best photographer out there much love to you J :)
I hate school so much I'm so stressed I can barely breathe
Fav for a DM tomorrow I'll go live everyday :) Need one night to film and just relax I think I get to play a preview of
Everyone has gone through something that has changed them in a way that they could never go back to the person they once we
i love u guys lol
ariel and ari really invented musically tbfh
lol i will , jon says I can use the xbox next weekend when he's gone , which means i'll use t & th when he's in class :D
now lets see if we can get this road trip started
i no rite ? IT DAS LOOK PURFECT I WANTS IT NOW THO DDDDDDD :
woeihfpoaskjpdoifrmwpaonefiwuhepoirjdfpaiwj 0okf9wu8ejf [ sajdijrkmsodiuf YESH ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
potato fudge that is all
indeed but those beards make me think of little girls trying to be dwarves and then just being little girls with glitter lol
obviously cause cosplaying for weather conditions is over rated :D
this for a chance to win 1 of 2 extremely rare , autographed Kingdom Hearts lithographs ! KHatGameStop Rules :
finally food ! ! !
looks like is finally getting a new phone
also learned a new game with the kinect : pass the gamer tag !
A ten-lined June beetle landed on my flip flop and it touched me Q-Q
I hate when people talk shit about my friends . She definitely has not had sex with that many guys , so fuck off !
Breaking Dawn with my mom , step-dad , and boyfriend !
Study hall is laaamee .
I wanna go tanning and shopping .
I was going to go on a run , but I don't want to in the dark . ohwell
Yeah dude . I miss you ! :(
I'm gonna go crazy if I'm stuck in this house any longer .
Chicken quesadilla with extra extra sauce > > >
I'm so tired of my grandpa going to the hospital .
My boyfriend is taking me to PF Changs . :)
TrubieProblems i can never concentrate on whats being said in scenes where Eric ( or jason or Alcide ) is shirtless .
I would really love to just use my check and buy some new clothes ... But I know I shouldn't .
I am here wayyy to early . I guess it's better than being late .
I haven't felt this happy in such a long time .
Gotta try to stay happy today for my Aunt Kim .
If you don't cry watching the episode of HIMYM that Marshall and Lily break up you're not a human
PSA : if u yell at retail workers / servers / cashiers for doing their job literally never leave ur house and just die u se
At least you got some of your favorite Lady Antebellum right ?
Congrats to you both !
First head coaching search I have gone through in the twitter age . This is awful .
He's had multiple TCO 2 overages at a minimum .
It's all fun and games until someone loses television service ... now it is serious business .
Such a glorious wig .
Drinking a Cochonette by Brasserie Vapeur engine room
So did Arrogate apparently .
i love my friends so much .
reminder to keep your activism intersectional and avoid the use of ableist terms please !
You abused me , and fucked with my feelings . I felt ... do not . use . slurs .
i usually go with my bf and i wanna start going with some other friends too
I also want potato chips
it's float fest day two y'all
24 . my relationship w my parents my parents & amp ; i are rly tight . i tell them most everything & amp ; they're like my best friends . i love them sm .
u aint ever gonna be able to play air bass cuz kris ' bass parts are too fire
People are so afraid of being like us that they say they'll kill themselves if this happens . What message does that send
the school work will help the other stuff seem not too bad and routine is good for anxiety and new places
awesome ! ! I might have to try it then
Laws asking deaf / disabled folks to register as disabled are the ultimate gov't gaslight & amp ; dangerous . PwD / Deaf please stop
Instead of compliance being assumed , businesses would only have to make themselves accessible when a disabled person fil
JUST OUT : Here's a summary of the Graham-Cassidy repeal . Yes , it's that bad . Spread far and wide if useful .
what're u talking about geane
recognize your privilege and do not tolerate ableism
i really dig the new weezer songs that have been coming out for pacific daydream but of course they're too busy jacking off to pinkerton
suzi got me 15 boxes of cinnamon life for my birthday and there's just so much to be grateful for in this picture
My mom lost her battle with breast cancer today . I dont have many followers but for those that are listening wld you pls sha
"" Everyone knows that's not what we mean when we talk about that kind of ' phobia ' ! "" Oh , really ?
and I are about to see Japandroids and its gonna be a wonderful family bonding experience
he have to work on friday
it's ok to be wrong
all four of my accs have a different anime avi uwu
American Idol is ridiculous . My favorite was sent packing tonight !
I drafted Arian Foster first overall in my fantasy vegan league .
Sittin at TGIFridays on a Tuesday ? ? ? Is this legal ? ? ? ? ? does the g stand for god ? Is that legal ? ? ? ? ? ?
TouchDowny for the Pats . Score .
Nothing really . You are just making a general statement . Not directed at anyone in particular . hashtags are a fun thing .
Yes the "" tissue holder "" cost $ 65 . EXCLUSIVE : Inside US Interior Secretary's controversial $ 222,000 private office ba ...
The strength of your local economy is up to you . Where does your money end up ? Keep it working locally . ShopLocal
Win 1 Year Of Raw Food from Steve's Real Food ! Enter here :
don't worry miss Kim you toke a nice selfie
youre about 5 min too late with that
October just got a lot more interesting gocards
Welcome back to America's Team USA ! USA ! USA !
Netflix is amazing . No idea why I waited so long to get it latetotheparty
15 days until I finally get to see Somebody please speed up time
Finally registered for classes today . Better late than never right ?
just saw this . Why are you so mean ?
Shout out to for adding more Zeppelin . Time to listen to Achilles Last Stand 20 times in a row and wish I knew how to play drums
Musicfest lineup sucks but Grouplove , Fitz and the Tantrums , and Foster the People all on Friday ?
haha nope I'm too poor for everything
It's gonna take a lot bigger fence to make me walk all the way down to the crosswalk
And after this righteous female empowerment commercial back to objectified women cheering on the men in the spotlight .
County music is stupid . If you just write and play what other people create for you then you are a hack musician and don't deserve anything
Perks of cleaning out your desk
So excited about the future of Memphis Tiger football and to announce that I have signed an extension to continue to lea
Credit Default Rates Trend Upward in December
7 Reasons Why Your Home Is Not Selling realestate via
Making Dream Homes a Reality with the FHA 203K Loan Mortgage RealEstate GooglePlus
Looking Ahead photography railroadtracks nature NJ
i say the word like way to much
Brooklyn Beckham will break hearts ...
Drake and Nicki belong together
if you're on the 2nd floor are you standing on the ceiling or the floor ? ? ? ?
This literally gave me chills
ok but all i want is to jam to tb brittney spears and get dutch
3 - you make me wanna kms on da daily
nationalbfday & amp ; mcm
"" sorry "" vs "" I'm sorry "" "" night "" vs "" goodnight "" "" bye "" vs "" goodbye "" "" love you "" vs "" i love you "" all have two different meanings
girls in 2012 : touch my butt and buy me pizza girls now : choke me and hit me with your car
WHEN GUYS WEAR THAT ONE COLOGNE WHERE ALL YOU WANT TO DO IS BURY YOUR FACE IN THEIR CHEST AND SNIFF BECAUSE THEY SMELL THAT
"" Go text your hoes "" Me :
i still have the biggest crush on my boyfriend
9 . Queen of Vagina
the SMALLLLLLLEST things make me happy , ya don't even know
This is the funniest and most creative birthday video I've ever seen
Yay for working things out with Shane ! ! ! ! ! !
If he does I will quit watching the show ! ! ! TheWalkingDead
Good Luck OC MLax ! ! ! ! ! Play with your heart and until the final whistle ! ! !
Every servers thought when you ask us if fries are gluten free . stupid waitresslife
OK , what did I do ? * puzzled * :/
Getting ready to go on vacation . Why does one feel it necessary to clean house completely & wash every bit of laundry ? So much to do !
Good memories of hearing Michael sing this live at Molly Malones . :) )
Definitely ! And hope tmrw is a good day for you . :)
Hey Jen ! Have you seen the videos from the Viper Room yet ?
Haha ! I'm confused , obviously . I'm sure it was at 6 PT before which would be 9 ET . I'm making west coast ahead of east coast . lol
Thanks , Jess ! Happy Halloween to you , too ! :)
Roast beast reminds me of How the Grinch Stole Christmas - 1 of my fav Christmas shows - that & It's A Wonderful Life .
Your cakes are always amazing ! Wish I had artistic talent . My dad was very talented ( painting , etc . ) but I didn't inherit . :/
Merry Christmas , Dee ! :)
And you ! Hoping for more fun times together this yr . Btw , I'm on Chapter 3 of The Girl w / the Dragon Tatoo . :)
Well , good that some ppl liked her . :) Doesn't sound like she'll make it thru though .
No airconditioning ? What's up w / you guys having nicer weather than us ? :/
At her age it takes longer to recover . Grandparents are special . I miss mine still so much even after such a long time .
Love your music . Loved your voice from 1st time I heard you sing . Didn't just hear u sing but felt it too . Wish you the best .
Yes , it ends at 1:00 am so will be late .
ooh watch out ! My dog chewed everything in sight then and drove us crazy !
He's the best on Ceelo's team . Trevin and Amanda's duet of "" Vision of Love "" during the Battle Rounds was amazing ! :)
haha ! That would be a cool feat . I have 2 FB accounts and want to merge them into 1 . :)
yep I do ! Someday !
Hi ! Not too much of a secret to my last name . It's my husband's last name . :)
Ahh , too nervous for tonight ! :/
That was way too stressful to have to wait til almost the end . Ugh !
I'm sure you'll be able to watch ! With satellite and computer , you shouldn't have a problem . Enjoy your trip !
Harper's rockin ' the glasses like her daddy ! So cute ! :)
Good song & amp ; I love how so many instruments were used . Nice ! I really like the song "" Don't Cry "" , too .
That's a gorgeous theater ! New Song ? Yes ! :)
Ah , Pamela , xoxo right back at you ! I'm going to be ok now . Miss you !
Oh ok . Yeah some people prefer Twitter over FB . I go back and forth w / which I prefer
So good ! You were there ?
Congrats ! What a great young man of God u seem to be . Remember to stay humble , and God will continue to lift u up ! God Bless
"" There r no easy answers but there r simple answers . We must have the courage to do what we know is morally right "" Ronald Reagan tcot agree
Missing church . Bronchitis stinks !
Mandated services include Plan B & Ella , both of which can destroy human embryos . Forces other plan participants who objec ...
Micah's Houston - My silly child in Space calling to Houston for help . TOO funny ! : via funny
Another example of Ray Lewis extending his retirement .
Purina Beyond Snacks have impressed me . Grain free , contain whole ingredients , my dog loves them . GotItFree BeyondSnacks
I had no idea that , when storing coffee , I had to look for the expiration date . FolgersFans sponsored
Im most excited to try this SahaleSnackers sponsored
I want to go back to June so I can do it right
If this was happening in France or any of those blood sucking countries they would come up with fancy flags and hashta
y'all pray for , aint nothin wrong wit him he jus look like marilyn monroe
this has to be the cutest black cat ever
If I were a painter I wouldn't change ya I'd just paint you bright
please read ! ! !
Who else wants to become a tree when they die ?
IM GOING TO BE A DUKE ! ! ! JMU 21
Sketchbook of Missy H . Dunaway
Am I the only one who thought these were just dope leggings before I opened the picture
Unpopular opinion : I like my hair better when it's humid
one person followed me / / automatically checked by
I would rather take a razor scooter to the ankle 26 times in a row , than to ever catch feelings for anyone ever again
Just the thought of you can drive me wild oh , you make me smile
where did the summer beach weather go
Around 150 grieving Great Bridge High students sing "" Amazing Grace "" at a gathering to pray for a fellow student killed in
If you're coming my way then please don't stop
If you put a milkshake in one yard and crack a cold one in another yard , which yard would the boys go to ?
time isnt even a thing
2 people followed me and one person unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
Exercising a bit of caution makes a lot of sense today when it ... More for Virgo
one person followed me and one person unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
This is the best video I have seen in my entire life . thank you , old person with a vine account .
If youre pretty , youre pretty ; but the only way to be beautiful is to be loving . Otherwise , its just congratulations abo
52 . his sound effects lmao
Im gay for true though
America's Funniest Dome Videos ReplaceALetterRuinATvShow
what is your favorite dessert ?
happy new year to both of you .
amen to that.co uldn't agree more .
Hope I make it home in time to see BroVsBro ! #TeamJonathan
this is beautiful . happy 4th .
over the past few months April has become a great friend to me via Twitter . i love
that would be wonderful .
I hope you have a great November .
lol he is pretty funny :)
Merry Christmas to both of you . i hope you and your family have a great one .
I'm watching it right now .
Watching and having a bean bag tournament is honestly quite entertaining . #BroVsBro
I hate that I have to miss and due to work . CMAawards
This guy is about to surprise his girlfriend with the cutest puppy and she's gonna LOSE IT
Makenna trys jumping and touching the tops of ceiling and its the cutest thing ever ! The biggest little jumps in the whole world
Literally every time she says guess what
Someone who truly loves you , sees what a mess you can be , how moody you can get , and how hard you can be to handle , but still
IMAGINE if Obama demanded Donald Trump be fired from The Apprentice for his birther allegations .
Steve Bannon got a 60 Minutes feature & amp ; Sean Spicer got an Emmys cameo , but Hillary Clinton needs to "" shut up & amp ; go away "" ?
I mean , must we really promote the show of someone who shit all over planned parenthood for those
Donald Trump has managed the truly impossible . He has made British people interested in American football TakeTheKnee
Red - Hello Hurricane - 1962-1966 - The Beatles The Stranger - Billy Joel
Women have won the damn thing 3x .
I can think of something more infuriating : concertgoers , elementary school kids and churchgoers getting slaughtered by gun -
No score after 1 . Dubnyk 13 for 13 Howard 14 for 16 :)
This is Blue . She thinks her favorite white ball got stuck in the sky . 13/10 ( vid by Jessica Raspbury )
THIS . IS . PERFECT . This is EXACTLY how I feel . VGK did an awesome thing . I loved it . I teared up . But this is way b
BuzzFeed smartly checked back in with women who accused Trump of sexual misconduct following Weinstein .
Thanks , Dane ! Learn more about GIVE 16
Zack Mitchell with his first goal ! mnwild takes a 5-3 lead with 15:46 left in the third . NYIvsMIN
Came here to say this . I like Wes in this role a lot !
Exclusive footage from the 11 minutes when Trump's account was deactivated :
ThankYouHillary for your leadership . Last nights victory was possible because of the path you have paved ( and continue t
Per is the first player in mnwild history to score five consecutive team goals . Old mark w
Sexual assault victims carrying shame for not speaking out-as my sister says : the problem is NOT your silence
Your kids are going to do things they shouldnt . It helps if you married someone with a sense of humour .
If you're a nazi and you're fired , it's your fault ! If you're a nazi and you're fired , it's your fault ! If you we
Unpopular opinion : thanksgiving is the worst holiday , tied with the Fourth of July .
I think this pretty much sums up this game though . ( cc :
January 4 is over winter break for me so that sounds promising ... and buffalo seems lik
This is BIG . Folks , keep it up . You're making them nervous and as of this moment , they don't have the votes .
I'm with Orrin . The first indulgence was child labor laws , now these brats have the nerve to be poor and sick at the same ti
Bought 1,500 bitcoin in 2011 for $ 2.87 each . I will pick 5 random people who retweet this and give one to each of you . Merry
Four Democratic Senators called for Trump to resign over sexual assault allegations yesterday : Kirstin Gillibrand Cory Booke
Tbh I dont handle other peoples lateness very well oops
E . Staal with the redirection on a Ryan Suter shot and mnwild ties it up ! 8: 49 to go in the first . MINvsOTT
Tyler Stegall wins the championship at 120 in the Francis Howell tournament . GOBIGBLUE
I got Red hair . Imagine that . What did you get ?
This awesome young lady wanted to go for it . She wanted a very short pixiecut with an and
The theory of Hipster Relativity ...
David Moore's Latest PollSkeptic Column : The Real Public What Pollsters Dont Want to Reveal
Ethiopian Yirgacheffe , or the Dancing Goats blend . Happiness in a cup .
Head to Columbus , Ohio , one of our Best Fall Trips for 2011
I'm pretty certain pre-made Roux in jars ( wheat , barley , soy oil ) is a major contributor to Louisiana being one of the fattest states
NDAA permits the indefinite detention w / o trial of "" citizens "" which is understood by us to mean anyone w / o real money or ...
mmmm . Expedition whisky . | How Scottish Scientists Re-Created a Hundred-Year-Old Whisky | Popular Science
Wisdom From Wenchypoo's Old Bat Cave : This Just In : "" Why I Eat Squirrel ... Really ""
I was all set to try the sexychallenge this week , until I saw the dry humping barbell move . Is there an alternative ?
My son wanted bacon . I told him to clean his room . He's cleaning his room right now . bacon
YOU KNOW YOU ARE BORED when you stare at one blade on the ceiling fan trying to keep up with it , RETWEET if you have ...
saw the clip and immediately subscribed . Thanks for speaking out as well as you do !
i have a buddy who snares squirrels with a fishing pole and bait . Lawn chair , sunglasses , beer , then snag !
except for that whole free will question thing getting in the way ...
For everyone in Jax right now . | | T-Bone Walker - Call It Stormy Monday :
That's a great Tattoo Idea ! Awesome .
Reading : 20 Nutrition Myths I Used to Believe Were True fitness via
Interesting conversation with a Washington local about pot . It's not gonna be as legal as everyone thinks .
. @bulletproofexec do you have any thoughts on roasted chicory in dark roast coffee , New Orleans style ? Good , Bad , Indifferent ?
She is DEFINITELY a character . So fun .
ZIGGY STARDUST | YOURE JUST A GIRL WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT MAKEUP ? | The Selvedge Yard -
. @shorepound happy birthday to you too !
whatever raw beets taste like dirt for the dirty hippies . Refined folks roast them for maximum arrogance
The U . S . ethanol program intended to reduce global warming encourages a farming practice that might worsen it :
The Value of A Sherpa Life via
For parents , happiness is a very high bar
"" the show will be broadcast live via the link below , We start at 9pm EST . DBT and Lydi
The Cincinnati Zoo named its newest baby penguin "" Bowie . ""
A good traveler has no fixed plan , and is not intent on arriving . - Lao-Tzu
Being in love shows up in brain scans like an addiction , not an emotion .
JONATHAN ACTUALLY BROKE HIS SHIT LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Nigga I thought the cup was blasting off .
I am going to be SO successful in life , while everyone else is busy being druggies and ruining others life's , feel sorry fo
theres nothing wrong w the word "" moist ""
i nearly lost my dad because of a drunk teenager . only thing that saved my dad was how big his work truck is . DO NOT DRINK
Kids literally make my heart so happy
Nothing really phases me , I just be chilling and going with the flow
Send cards ( especially w dogs ) to this young man . He'll be 15 in August . teachertweet Jacob Priestley P . O . Box 855 Q
I hate being in the mood where nothing's really wrong but nothing feels right either
She has galaxies in her eyes , and a universe in her mind
Maybe because he's secure with his sexuality and he knows he's not gay ... idk .. wild guess
Lmao you in for a rude awakening
"" Is Arizona really that bad ? ""
no boo , if she prays for you , it's real
This lighting was just too good
If this picture of this old man donating tennis balls to the animal shelter doesn't make your day then idk what will
i NEED to go on a huge shopping spree
I can't wait to do this with my daughter .. but I can wait .. you know
crying in the club rn
I can sit in my room all day , enjoy my own company and not bother nobody .. that's how chill I am
Dear God I pray little Lincoln prospers greatly and makes it safely through his heart surgery on Friday lord , In your name we
Im so speechless on how someone could be so inhumane and kill innocent people for no reason .
Phone : (757)850-5000 Kecoughtan High School , Hampton VA . Jeff Mordica is the principal , twitter do your thing .
My "" y'all so cute "" is strictly y'all so cute ... I do not want your nigga . I ain't even built like that .
if i could stop breaking out that would be faaaaaantastic
it be the aw yall so cute bitches
RT-If you could say one thing to cancer what would if be ? ! - tell cancer how you feel about it , in a tweet Dear Canc ...
In that situation , you would quickly grow tired of your right hand . LOL
You're so fluffy , I'm going to die ! !
Is there a tear in your beer ?
This one includes a threat of throat punching a kitten .
Aww , even sad , little , trees need love . Thank you Sergio for giving it a home . LOL
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Beverly Hills Pawn TV Casino - FREE Slots .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLACES .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Helium Rush .
If one places a tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion , it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death . #didyouknow
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Helium Rush .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in for Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in for Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Helium Rush .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Galactic Shooter .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in MrHangman wordpuzzle game . indiedev indiegame .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in for Android .
Get 50K mPLUS pts ( good for a $ 25 Cricket refill card ) when you switch to Cricket . Restr's apply . Visit sponsored
This day last year I had my knee operated on , would like to thank everyone and for gettin me back
Looking forward to the show in Singapore .. Can't wait to see you all . All the love . H
he's mid saying "" YAAAAAAS SCOTUS YAAAAAS ""
Thank you to the for the nominations , and thank you to everyone voting . Lovely you are . H
eebodkin good thing there was NOTHING around
I missed the beginning !
let's discuss when you're done
GACRolling awesome picture of Roy
Poor lady . I can't imagine being tortured because I was different . GACMackey
person likes carrots . Haha . GACMackey I'm getting loopy
Snape just said he can't go out to cause mayhem because he's sick . Boo , that whorecrux !
I think that the term "" wife beater "" wins the award for most Widely acceptable unacceptable phrase .
I'm going to legoland today ! I may even take my son
Hilarious You thought this was over ? Have you guys ever watched samurai movies ?
is no one live tweeting the press conference ? ! ? !
Cardamom , the spice of Chai makes its debut in our new Vanilla Spice Latte . Mmmm
"" It's not like she worships the devil . "" "" She doesn't have to ! He worships her ! "" frasier breakfrompoetry neededtolaugh
I consecrate myself to you St . Joseph my spiritual father . Rule my soul and teach me the interior life , the life hidde
I hope kicked the crap out of Harry the Hawk . ripcity onamission PORatATL
Considering Mike Scott's situation , the use of a siren in the Atlanta Hawks ' games seems about right ripcity PORvsATL
The Economist rates presidency among its top 10 global risks | AP Photo
The Warriors should thank the Blazers because they prepared them for the next round with a hard fought series .
question - why do so many sports reporters take vacation time during NBA free agency ? I know it's over 4 July , but still
that's just the ones who ADMIT to peeing in a pool
haha that just cracked me up !
Didn't get the memo that it was tax free day . It's total chaos everywhere ! Going home and not leaving until it's over !
This is my lucky week . Both of my 8: 00 classes were cancelled . ptl
haha I loved my inflatable chair !
haha he must have ! Some people just have all the luck .
I have a month to mentally prepare ! !
"" @SeanLowe09 : why are you tweeting me goodnight when you could just roll over and tell me ? "" Gotta love a good bromance .
Notes I took up today : "" Will you please go out with me ? Please , please , please ! "" & amp ; "" Ask him why he won't go out with me ! "" 4thgradeprobs
Denard . Effing . Span . Nats
Note to self : do not ask two guys for help on the same stat problem because they WILL physically fight over the answer
On the bright side , the off-campus Starbucks has a really cute barista
"" Tupac's still alive though , right ? "" NO
My phone always picks the worst people to butt dial .
PRiVATE PARTY iN LA , iF U ARE A BUTTERSCOTCH BABE WiTH HOT FRiENDS LET ME KNOW iF U WANNA GO
riff raff v . james franco battleofthecornrows
Weve all done crazy things for our first loveBasketball ! ValentinesU
Throwback Monday in honor of
Confirmation : three of me attend SMU
I JUST WANT A COMFY BED
How did we achieve this hiddentalents
Tabata got me feeling some type of way
on Mudiay : He has decided to pursue professional basketball opportunities . You have got to be kidding me .
Helen just admitted to spending real money on the Kardashian Hollywood game . I've lost faith in her
Theres already an IceBucketChallenge Halloween costume
SMU I'm Shmacked video so bad , they already took it down
Classic Laura brushing off serious problems : Part 1
Signs you drink too much wine . shit they're on to us
I have to babysit my mom as she swims at 10 because she's too turnt
won't take much scrolling to find the link to his rap sheet
I don't know what a yuccie is , I don't know what on fleek is , I don't know what the whip dance is , and I still don't know what planking is
Forever recovering from the embarrassment of saying hi to someone and they don't hear you
I'll keep em coming !
Imagine cycling from michigan to texas . One local woman will take to the road this September . has that story next !
That's what I said !
Still waiting for news conference on suspected bostonmarathon bombers . Expected any minute out of boston . Stay with & amp ;
The one and only Nick G .
Kalamazoo-area man who climbed into an Enbridge pipeline to protest the company Monday could face state & amp ; federal charges . wwmt
- Love my diet coke but definitely doesn't keep me awake . These 3 shots , on the other hand , have got me wired !
A quick stop at McDonalds with He had a little trouble with his drink ... #goodtimes
A vigil is taking place in Ludington right now for Trooper Paul Butterfield .
Snow is falling once again across parts of west Michigan . has your full forecast on
- No tag ? disappointed
Police are working on notifying family of 30 yo Zeeland man , victim in M - 40 fatal crash
Here's a look at the semi . It's under the Cork St bridge . 94 WB is shut down .
Horses individually owned , trained by Amish family .
One of the shell casings recovered from Lois Cox's car .
Follow and for live updates from the Orlando Mitchell trial .
Livin ' it up in kzoo . justsayin dontbejealous
Hang tight ! A late edition of at 11 starts in 2 minutes ! slaphappy couldntfigureoutiphonecamera
Breaking : one man is dead after a car crashes , catches fire in Kzoo Co . Hear from the undersheriff at 10 .
Waiting for golf to end - hopefully we'll have a show ... Stay tuned !
The new Marshall Regional Law Enforcement Center
Wet and slushy snow means potentially slippery roads . Please take it slow on ice and snow .
says sloppy storm will be moving through on Tuesday . She's aware it was just 60 degrees , right ? ! mothernatureiscranky
Meningitis , leeches , Zika virus , dead patients ... and more . Some interesting analogies courtesy of the Supreme Court justices today . ohboy
Second can now on the street .
Getting set up for our 6 o'clock live shot . BehindTheScenes
WMU Football delayed due to weather .
Calhoun Co . task force releases report on lead-based paint in the county and kids health . has more .
Traffic is crawling on WB I - 94 , just west of the 94/69 exchange .
Battle Creek father facing a misdemeanor child abuse charge :
Investigators wrapping up at Van Buren & amp ; Elm in Battle Creek . Interview with MSP shortly .
Several districts will dismiss early tomorrow due to the heat . Is your school on the list ? We've got a full list on
I hate wearing the same thing twice
"" Respect all , fear none . My pride is everything ""
Patterson , NJ theblvd GG
Damn , I can't decide between anthracite lebrons 14 that glow in the dark or the lebron 14 black on black with a red trim ...
Facts bro , definitely !
Deshaun carving up the Legion of Boom 19/29 402 passing yards 4 touchdowns
Im looking for donations for raffle prizes for a breast cancer victim
would you consider supporting a small family Relay For Life team in Lorain County ? Night Owl Angels
please consider supporting my Relay For Life team at we wish to KICK CANCER'S butt with your help .
Record heat expected in Northeast Ohio this weekend |
We love him too , I'm sure you're a very proud family
If I was any good at photoshop , I'd be all over a pregnancy test captioned "" If You're Reading This I'm Late ""
Derrick Rose is wearing 25 with the Knicks in honor of the number of surgeries he's projected for next season
Let it be time now please ! ! ! !
I just got offered the young boba dig for new wv should I accept ?
So I got a Canon for Christmas that was used and the previous owner forgot to take out their memory card ..
I handed the lady my Id Card and she looked me up and answered all my questions before I could even ask them .
I'm learning all about Arbor Mist Pinot Grigio White Pear Wine at
I'm learning all about PB Crave Choco Choco Peanut Butter at
Play for a chance to win a kids ' tablet ! Play instantwin games every day ! playdaily via
you're awesome-connected to your customers via Twitter . Sometimes-see your responses & amp ; think , woah , what a neat time we live in !
At night after taking my sleep medication or from sleep deprivation if I can't take my sleep meds ! HowIDieInTheZombieApocalypse
Can we impeachTrump 2016 ? The quicker the better . Let's put this joke to bed .
Our new President is a bigot : educateTrump strongdefendweak . Please read like & amp ; share !
I just published A very personal open letter to Trump Supporters ,
I earned my PhD & amp ; awards , incl . military service ; cause I'm just a girl , I get called "" sweetie "" & amp ; U hit like . hyppocrite
If you were a government accountant / civilian employee , yes they would immediately stop YOU
How efficient are they ? I would think the angle of incidence would make them super inefficient right ?
U enjoy your guns , right ? Thank an engineer , physicist & amp ; mathematician . I guess perf
Tech is here 2stay , U can't code Java , XML , ... U won't survive . Period . Go get a STEM edu
stop trying 2 kill the poor , sick & amp ; disabled . EvilPence EvilTrump No one likes U . Just Resign ! Trump is an ' Epic Fail ' as Prez .
Loved the "" Get Out "" movie & amp ; my favorite parts of the film had Lil Rel Howery in them !
Me , sitting through mini grammar lessons during work training .
When I see the person that used the gas pump before me could fill $ 50 , I wonder what kind of life they must lead .
If someone tries to stop you from voting , take their picture and call 1-866- OUR-VOTE . Lawyers will be ready .
I can't be silent on this . I watched the video . The cast was respectful and honest . Quit whining , grow a spine , and suc
Now everybody who is down with others celebrating holidays in ways they find fulfilling while they do the same say "" Woah ! Wo
Sir Ian McKellen's sign is EVERYTHING WomensMarch
Update : Despite adamant denial , I DID get a cold .
Spending Saturday afternoon with my cranky old man baby .
I didn't even recognize him at first !
I'm sobbing . How is our country behaving this way ? Our tax dollars are paying for this . I am so heartbroken for this little
I wish I were brave enough for moar tattoos .
I've got another hip hop superstar to reveal to world this afternoon ... the stars are piling up
i want a relationship like Kanye has with himself
Our party was lit ! thanks Ready 2Roo
Live on Periscope : Root canal :(
Playing with makeup all morning with for the grand opening at Northgate with until 1:00 ! come play with me !
I'm going to be in school forever .
I remember everything I put in my mouth .
Who wants to see with me on the 20th ?
I spy Christmas songs on your radio today On air til 4 !
Yes , you heard right , is coming to Chattanooga ! RasberryRoadTrip see you soon
Bet they sell it at whole foods too .
Send my love to your new lover . Treat her better .
On the radio today until 4 ! Call me
"" YOU WAS TOTALLY OUT OF CONTROL "" debatenight
Why you should get an IUD before Trump becomes president
Chattanooga : where can I see some Christmas lights ?
jk mama I love my name
If you like free food & amp ; being petty - this is for you .
cocktail ! But there is beer .
you've fixed my phone many times , you guys are
Me after this week .
I feel so validated you think this is stupid too
coming in with everyday sure did make the drive home better
While I dont wish to celebrate anyones death I hope Mansons passing brings peace to the families of his victims . htt
2 workouts today followed by some wild sockeye salmon and veggies ... feel accomplished !
Tell us none of this real , Morpheus !
actually , I join for the snappy writing .
You've got this one nailed ; generic R beats any D for LA statewide office . Only wounded R versus top shelf D is competitive .
Can't help but notice all your examples are D's winning over fatally flawed R's . In that vein , 2015 LA Gov fits too .
Does specifically tell his diehards to withhold support from defectors ? Seems far too ego driven to rule out
asking for a friend ?
Credit where credit is due for the Chief Justice . Trump and congressional R's may not have ethics but he seems to .
"" Sell High "" list : Derek Carr , OBJ , David Johnson , Matt Ryan , Dez Bryant , Ty Montgomery , Travis Kelce
To be clear : I wouldn't doubt for an instant that there's some ass covering happening . I'd like some corroboration though .
I can provide anecdotal confirmation of this articles central thesis . You know ... from a friend ...
Discretionary spending is somehow a Venn diagram in the shape of a single circle w / "" waste , fraud & amp ; abuse
I remember your story on channel 6 news and on the radio .
Men like Mueller take jobs like this for one reason only : they don't trust anyone else to do it . Idea that
Gotta say , sounds awfully similar to "" the only poll that matters is on election day "" ( and I agree with your premise 100 % )
Pinochle AND cribbage ? If I weren't married I'd be in love right about now
My favorite comeback to that is to ask them to tell my dead platoon commander's widow to
I feel like there's a message in here somewhere ...
I laughed way harder than I should have at this ...
' net says you and full court press on Melo might just pay off . Can't tell you how proud ripcity is of you both .
At least he owns it . He's dead fucking wrong , but at least owns it .
That would be Jon Cage of Cage , Fish & amp ; Associates in Ally McBeal .
Corker / Flake 2020 would actually be a threat to win EVs in probably 20 states
And , sadly , your believing an impeccably researched & amp ; cross referenced story from WaPo will likely
Im not saying Franken was right to do what he did . Im not not even saying dont investigate it . Im saying if you vo
And Moore looks as likely to win by double digits as lose at this point ...
If irony was lead exposure , 90 % of the present day GOP would be dead every time they made a public statement .
Problem with that theory is you no longer can count on Ward to keep McSally out of a
Stafford looks really really good .
Line is moving up . 3-2
AFC playoff predictions : 1 . Denver 2 . Indy 3 . New England 4 . Baltimore 5 . KC 6 . Cleveland . Those would be too ugly WC games ,
Bart Scott is Cleveland's boy ! ! ! ! ! !
So the other three teams in the AFC north made the playoffs and the Browns used three QB's . We've managed to go full circle again .
Top local ratings for ESPN CFP Champ Columbus ( 51.2 ) , Dayton ( 43.8 ) , Cleve ( 41.3 ) , Port ( 37.6 ) , then Bham , C
Peypey time ! ! rings .
4 . Never run the same play twice . 5 . Unless it works . 6 . You are always at Mercy of the TV time out . 7 . There will be a special teams fuckup
TFW you say no mayo and it shows up anyway
Joey Bosas last play before becoming a Cleveland Brown is a call for targeting . Ejected .
Threw for 300 yards once . On 51 passes . In 15-12 loss Texans are giving Brock Osweiler a 4 - year , $ 72 mi
a sad day on the Wentz front , but I have faith we will prevail .
I asked Corey Coleman about his size . His response was classic . If size mattered elephants would be the king of the jungl
Would u drink an Eternal daily vomit smoothie for a flat 10 % income tax ?
Greg Mancz looks like every boyfriend from Teen Mom combined into one .
Even the devil , if I may .
BOS fought all season to have this series open on their floor just for Bron to drop 38 and do this to their best player
Raspberry Beret by Prince . Good song .
Browns vs Steelers in 02 and OSU vs Florida in 07 . Cryed both times .
this was the table next to us Sunday . Elite
What is a caterpillar afraid of ?
I know I promised that to the super bowl winning QB but for you Peyton I will make a change . Besides that is what middle names are for .
The worst loss I've eve
SANDRA CAN YOU OPEN THIS FUCKING THING BIT OF A SITUATION HERE
The average age of listener for the songs I listened to on Spotify was 41 . ELOwillneverdie
RETWEET IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS ! JUST FOLLOW ME AND EVERYONE THAT RETWEETS TO GAIN ! !
Just got some BOSE headphones ! Dont know which is better , Beats or Bose ? Tell me what u think !
Yes Larry Ad breaks are the very best reason to continue watching online during the telly shows SafariLive
That is not a human-caused problem so no interference Lions have overcome much worse Very resilient
Dewlap Extra throat protection for fights SafariLive
Clear your cache & amp ; re-start whichever page usually works
She can do the straight up it's the weight I wondering about Still looks a bit much SafariLive
Doesn't look like him in that lighting He looks a little freaked out that the girls may steal his kill LOL
Ask YT ! Sub to WE on YT & amp ; they email a live link every drive safarilive
OH MY ! That's no way to get the girl ;)
Please hug Gracie's mum for me I can't quit crying She will be missed The best future Ranger / Guide anyone could wish for
Good to hear Lacey was there to help you through the loss of Sundance & amp ; others A black Pom How lovely
Sub to the Londolozi Blog They often have reports & amp ; photos of our Matimba boys
B-Boy update Well one anyway safarilive
Business online as usual Hooray !
WildEarth broadcasts from Sabi Sand They traverse Djuma Cheetah Plains Arathusa & amp ; Chitwa safarilive
Sabi Sand consists of private reserves Some landowners don't allow any safari vehicles Most allow some access with agreement
Collar was removed a few mths ago Last thing I think they heard he was spotted far to the south near KNP Very vehicle shy
I would think Periscope is their own deal WE doesn't have time to moderate chat Have 2 much going on otherwise
True Don't understand why they keep egging him on How hard is it to ignore I wonder Oh well { sigh }
People in glass houses .... stuck your foot in it ( again ) didn't you lol MAGA
Here's some Shangaan used on the radio
SCOTTY ! ! Hello to you & amp ; Nicki safarilive
You should The colors are on the shoulder of the wing . We have flocks of the red-winged here
Masada One of my favorite places to visit in the great country of Israel SO meaningful & amp ; touching neveragain
You are quite welcome Enjoy & amp ; plan on becoming addicted lol
The Londolozi Blog has had a couple Tsalala updates recently
Hello Barbara That badly injured one on Quarantine was finally eaten Bad memory but I believe Nkuhumas got it safarilive
Karula progeny in duspute 19 m . o . Hosana & amp ;X ongile sleeping when 10y . o . Thandi shows Interesting & amp ; scary
According to how many of each Here's several wild dogs on 1 poor hyena SafariLive
African wild dogs use sneezes to vote on pack decisions , study finds safariLIVE
Help cops find teen accused of brutal sucker-punch Do U know where Alejandro Maldonado is ? CONTACT HOUSTON POLICE
Chene spent time with a gorgeous NEW leopard ! safariLIVE
mmmm . Jimmy johns ! I love the garg ! What u gettin ?
Just posted at Free underground show 7.23 in Milwaukee Force 5 Re ...
I posted a new photo to Facebook
I liked a video Mutilator & Cousin Cleetus - Murdering Murderers
Whos going to the LowdownNdirtyTour featuring kicks off tomorrow !
My new toy ! R . I . P . Dimebag Darrell !
haha . Im lazy but not THAT lazy ! Plus i dunno what funky delopitated ass has been on that !
Can I get a for the sake of getting a RT ?
Monster Brawl = worst movie ever ... I want my hour and a half back .
"" @DrinkCouchLock : Undergroundresurrectiontour Save 4.20 F FREE SHIPPING orders of 4 + bottles Code bdx . ""
HEY WILL YOU PLEASE GO BY MY YOUTUBE PAGE AND GIMMIE A LISTEN THANKS !
youll like it . I just bought it when i got back .
will be Live Oct . 11th Circus of the Dead Haunted House . All Info . www.facebook.com / ...
Anyone with an office job can tell you todays gonna suck !
Lol . Theres nothing good by the rave . Marcos pizza on 27th college . The rollos are the shit !
Happy birthday is there a pie face in your future ?
congrats ! You deserve it . You and were amazing to work with and wish you all the success in the world !
Is that a shirt on WWERaw LuchaUnderground definitely more entertaining than Raw .
why does it take 10 ~ minutes to find a NORMAL game at this time ? it's fucking saturday .
alright riot you win this round .... guess I'l play some arams instead ....
hes a complicated champ man ... even that sinickle guy is still figuring him out
damn thats some jaden smith level of philosophy right there
i got that too . It's just some message riot is experimenting with . Dw about it .
Diamond 3 . Top 0.2 % . You ?
update : i wouldnt know because he wanted to PvE top lane all game mb
gotta delete the vod . Can't have any more violence against pens and water bottles on his stream
what do u mean i have a blast playing it
what did you do to him
"" in high elo its actually preferred to have no tank ""
Yeah this is just normal stuff normal HUMANS talk about . Try again haters .
league is a children's game
Riot basically saying "" memes > the actual game ""
theres an OCE twitter ?
Bro Gratz on rank 1 legend though !
is gross gore unbanned for real this time ?
you used to be a carrier pigeon .... what happened ?
i like this caption better
I thought the actors playing the losers were decent but so much of the movie is just pennywise trolling them with jumpscares .
hey guys SRO here to tell you why renekton is in a bad spot right now
SDT : uhh yea voy we we're thinking a meta top laner w .. Joedat Esfahani : THE SPICY POPOFF YORICK PRODIGY PENTAKILL EXTRAVAG
Product Testing Test and Keep the Latest Gadgets , Beauty , and Baby Products Free !
Love how Luvsome is so full of nutrition and focused on the pets wellbeing . luvsomecrowd sponsored
yay coughing fits and my mom is being annoying . score ?
Is your Furby in a box somewhere in your attic ? You may want to take it out
- Son novios ? ( Ambos sonren ) - No , solo Amigos ..
Aliens Voteen Por Tokio Hotel Somos Lo MejoresVoteen Voten
Going LIVE with LEFT 4 DEAD ! Come drop in !
I wasn't singing anything ? so .
I go to school , do work , go home and do homework . The weekend = more homework . Break = more homework . When will I get a break from this ?
Mr . Crystal is the best . omg .
is it weird that I'm really shy about my feet .
I'M ONLY ON EP 12
Mix It Up Monday HomeComingWeek
"" what is love ? ""
Otter socks for your Significant Otter Shop :
When you love Doctor Who so much
Let's not give in to the hate . ChooseLove
I just wanna watch Sausage Party and the ticket lady asked for my ID . Ok I didn't know I looked that young with my glasses on lmao .
"" the wall respects me it has a tapestry so its basically a condom "" you 2k16
exposegen 2016 SHE CUTS CORNERS ON XC COURSES
"" How was your weekend ? "" Boring . "" Go out and do stuff . "" Wtf u mean go out and stuff . I always do stuff
how I sleep at night knowing that I got a 22 % on my 1st test of the semester and I have $ 5.77 in my bank account
We really like Charlie Puth's music .
Black Beatles & amp ; Confessions
um hello ? ? ?
I wood light a bonfire for u
Stay positive followmecaniff followmecaniff followmecaniff o
When ur friends have beautiful brown skin so u look like a ghost next to them
Waves , candles in the sun , vixen I love almost all of them tbh
Okay so , I'm putting myself out there because I need you guys . My dad needs a kidney . He's only 43 . O negative blood type . Ple
Value me or miss me .
Anything helps ! RT !
Wow that's crazy I thought you said you were going to bed but I just saw you tweeted 5 minutes ago Me :
Is that you Monica ? ? ?
AF . I can't afford my true self .
if you could see my thoughts you would see our faces
"" You're 18 ? ? You look 12 "" FIRST OF ALL when I'm 40 looking like I'm 25 & amp ; you're 40 looking like ur 60 don't EVEN come
I just feel like Im so slept on ...
loved the webisode ! Being offered Ridley and Patterson for K.Be njamin . I'm 4-0 and def dont need ridley . WDYT ? SpringerSpaniel
ouch ! That does change things .. who else do u have ?
Ok I dont have any pics right now except for these BrokenHips terz I will get you pics of the real deal
thank you ! ! Ass pamphlet ! ! muahahahaha
Coming down to our last winner , thanks for playing tonight some GREAT pics . Love PaniniWildCard
Preview SpiderMan & amp ; The XMen 1 by and Marco Failla , on sale December 10 :
gotta go Romo here IMO .. Det vs Pats could be a low scoring game
I see ... well it makes sense now . Thanks !
Santa says On Cody on Carlos on Mason on Jimmy on TW on Cooks on Lee On Woods On Moncrief hey weres Beckham ? PaniniWildCard
PaniniWildCard He dont have to choose cuz he's Both ! Hahahaha
2 down . 2 to go ! Get ready for tomorrow's games with GameDay Morning ( 9am ET ) .
Frank Caliendo Goes Under The Hoodie
Summer Starts tomorrow ! Time for a Giveaway ! Follow me , Retweet this and you have a chance to win it all ! Good Luck
always thot the equip guys were pissed at Brady over texts , so they "" Gave him what he wanted ""
Answer the question below for your chance to get a 2014 Panini Crown Royale FB Retail box ! Ends tomorrow 12PM EST ! h
Does Dez have a broken bone in his foot ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
someone dropped Latavius Murray and picked up dunbar in one of my leagues , also drpd watkins haha i grabbed both
they should be regretting the firing of Harbaugh !
BIG THINGS coming to Play the newest DFS option now , practice before it blows up !
they should be using Randle as the passing rb & amp ; Michael as the 1st and 2nd down rb . There wont be many 3rds if they do
personally I'm playing McFadden and Murray if its Demarco , if not its Godon lol
awesome ! Thanks for the follow . I followed back . I will check the webisodes fo sho
totally think saints will just not Houston . Hoyer out for a bit coming off injury . Not buying lol
HA nice ! ! At least a college junior QB ! ! they need to use the biggest back we have and pound the middle !
or lets just get Beasley goin underneath before we take to throwing deep on 2nd and 3rd down
This person just got caught lying about a heart attack . My friend wrote them on another account and he wanted to sell htt
Man Sues Strip Club For Being Coerced Into Spending A Third Of His Salary In Five Hours
"" @waiwanho : Tired of this life already . "" Need to talk ?
Virgos have so much love , affection and devotion to give to that special person when they get them .
I'm sorry that you had such a horrible day . :-(
Was hungry early this morning & amp ; ate 2 breaded chicken patties ... apparently bad idea . How can I be up 2 lbs from yesterday ? ! dietssuck
A ? ? ? I ALWAYS t t ta t t stat . I ' tt s ts t BPD t .
I care about you & amp ; you don't need to follow me if you don't want to ... won't change the fact that I like you .
Michael Jackson and Freddie Mercury backstage at The LA Forum , 1980
I have ZERO self control . : ( With food , with gambling , etc . I take everything to an extreme . Need to get it all under control .
Colorado . . but I'm biased since I live here . :) If that's a pic of you ... I absolutely LOVE your hair ! !
Absolutely LOVE that song .
My final thought before making most decisions
Live in the moment . Don't worry about what "" might happen . "" I'm still trying to this
The worst type of person to be around is someone who complains about everything and appreciates nothing .
Just tired . My blood sugar dropped today while I was at Wal-Mart . :( Talk about feeling like crap . :/ I need a vacation .
I always feel like crap in the mornings . Hate that nauseous , icky feeling . :/
I love thunder & amp ; lightning ! ! thunderstorms , rain
Today is the day where you start working towards your dreams ..
New developments on Kim Kardashian Wests terrifying night in Paris
now close your eyes , and please understand that you are still young , and the universe is endless , and somehow , everything will
Wayyy too thin . A few more pounds & amp ; then would be awesome . Just a different opinion . :)
I have been so irritated today over pretty much nothing . I think it has to do with the higher dose of Effexor . All I know is I'm annoyed .
I'm here if you need / want to talk . You matter . Don't forget that .
Being fat is NOT fun . Don't think it's just a matter of not eating . Once you're a certain size , that extra fat will bring ya down . fat
She's beautiful ! Now ahes probably gone . :/ She lived , had feelings , laughed , cried . Now nobody rem
that explains why I woke up sick this morning
when there's more than 3 people texting me at once i just get super overwhelmed and stop replying to everyone lol
Walking around Walmart and passed the Starbucks refreshers . Made me think of and how much I adore him !
I'm not gonna lie , I read that as cheese tits
The AC is broken so my house is literally about 7000 degrees right now
Why is this me ?
Tfw u realize everyone has plans but u
I swear to god if one more person suggests I get a fucking salad for dinner I'm going to go off
That feel when they bring drug dogs to check your school
Yuri on ice looks good
Resolutions for 2017 : - Drink more water - Speak up for myself - Not procrastinate - Hang out with my friends more
I can say choke me in sign language
BREAKING NEWS : you are valid & amp ; worthy of respect .
Life hack : if you have insomnia just kill yourself it's a guaranteed way to get to sleep
Im gonna buy myself a dog for my 18th birthday someone remind me on March 8 , 2019 thanks
My brother the new daddy ! ! I love you and my sister so much ! !
STOP CRYING OVER A NIGGA THAT DONT GIVE AF ABOUT YOU AND GET WITH THE NIGGA THAT WANNA SEE YOU HAPPY YOU DUMB ASS BITCH
whether ur male or female ur still in a Prius and you're not passing me .....
if a guy ever looked at me like this ...
"" Nothing But Trouble "" ( IG models ) is live everywhere
I've grown a newfound jealousy for all these hoes that fall over my boo .. Like yes bitch he fine af but he ain't leaving with u so BYE
LMAOOOOO THIS NIGGA WENT FROM A SHOOTOUT TO A SHOUTOUT IM FUCKING DEAD
WILL SMITH DON'T PLAY THAT GAY SHIT LMAOO
reasons i favorite tweets : 1 . youre hot 2 . i agree 3 . i think youre a complete idiot 4 . i know you hate me & amp ; i want u to
to me ... can't you see ... you're everything I hoped for
This Is The Reason Guys Hate Their Girl's "" Friends ""
when you & amp ; bae are both stubborn & amp ; sarcastic af
lol shorty just said "" knock your nut out "" who tf says that lmao
why do parents bust in your room like they trynna catch you cheatin on them with another pair of parents
JUST WOW ... wow ! ! ! WWWWWWOOOOOWWWW
Every time Deron Williams shoots
i like how food with beans and tortilla chips are automatically categorized as southwestern .
you vs . the guy she told you not to worry about
look at my little fan ... ravensnation RavensFlock
her : "" ... I didn't shave yet "" me :
NFL football is back this week . To all my friends & amp ; family don't bother me on Sundays until February .
BREAKING : Ezekiel Elliott's suspension reduced to 5 games after the Broncos basically suspended him for a game already
Durant celebrating with the Thunder has to be the best 2K glitch Ive ever seen
I need to drop like 53 pounds lol
maaaannnn I woke up already roasting people
me , remaining unbothered , in my lane , hydrated , and STILL getting you mad .
The antagonist in my current project is pure evil wrapped in a sexy Italian package . Hhmm ... kill him off or let him live ? amwriting
thank you for the follow . Nice to Twitter meet you !
thanks for the follow !
WhyILoveWriting Because today I have been to Paris , Monet's Gardens in Giverny , Afghanistan , Bayfield Wisconsin , and Virginia . #amwriting
It's it weird to write a story out of order and put it together when the pieces are done ? amwriting writersproblems
just downloaded it . Looking forward to checking it out
Here is more about an Idea that turned into Changing Lives ! ...
Bitch you ain't got no juice
Dare to go behind the scenes of the GoosebumpsContest -
Learn more about initiatives that add up to make a big difference promotion PerdueCrew -
Need a chicken noodle soup recipe ? This recipe is one to keep in the family Promotion PerdueCrew -
Swagbucks helps me earn a little extra on the side by shopping online
There are 31,557 , 600 seconds in a year . #didyouknow fact interesting
"" We all feel lost sometimes . "" #quotes #motivation inspiration motivationapp via
The average person's left hand does 56 % of the typing . #didyouknow fact interesting
Celery has negative calories ! It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it . #didyouknow
Swagbucks helps me earn a little extra on the side by shopping online . $ 10 more in gift cards today .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Our Best mPoints Apps .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in States and Capitals .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in History Events .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Our Best mPoints Apps .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Bounce Me Up .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Vocabulary .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in 2048 Puzzle .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in History Events .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in I am .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Palabras .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Motivation .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Movie Quotes .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Tap Da Cookie Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Vocabulary .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in I am .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in 2048 Puzzle .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Palabras .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Giftcard mSlots .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Motivation .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in A Quote Everyday .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Find The Animal .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Tap Da Cookie Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I just earned Swag Bucks bonus for collecting a complete set of limited edition collectors bills at
I'm earning points with CricketRewards
I'm giving away : 10 Random Silly Bands / Crazy Bands / Shaped Rubber Bracelets . Get it here - listia
lmao episode 39 of Re : is 5 hours long , I don't know how you accomplished that , but lmao well done .
If you haven't seen these Pokemon Art Academy from transforming gifs , you should . THEY
Texas toast and no whipped cream
And the biggest hypocrite award goes to
* sees boner * "" WHAT . ""
yea , you can totally enjoy both , I did when I did watch digimon !
yea I love it ! I also have a sealed base set 2 with Pidgeot on it coming !
Trump and Japanese PM Shinz Abes EPIC handshake .
him anger him isnt as anger but still anger cause its in the name
If the prices were the same I would
This will always and forever make me filled with the happies
What the fuck does nani the fuck mean ?
I SAID WHOEVA THREW THAT BANANA , YO MOMS A HOE .
fxd * Cum watch me Keep it Going . Know you'll love to see it free camshow Signup's free / Tip only if u like /
Attn : Cam models ! ! Keep 70 % w / NO MIN CASHOUT . Paid weekly !
1 thing missing from cam ... YOU ! ~ Get in here liveonchaturbate
Bleh , I haven't felt this sick in a long time ~_~
SPAM ME .... IF YOU DARE > : (
Bring it - if I can put up with me singing in the shower every day , I can endure it .
* sneezes * YOU KNOW I'M ALLERGIC TO THOSE . You mean ol ' cat ! > : (
So true . I mean , I'm the dinosaur chick . That's all people tend to know about me . Even irl , people are just so distant now .
That's riiiiiight ! He was one of my favorites . :D * tries to decide who's next *
I can't help it , Shin . It's the plight of our people .
Happy America , Birthday !
All I did there was make a layer underneath my outline , then fill it with my base colors .
Mmm ... yeah , that should be alright . You can PM the details over or here . :)
Sometimes my deep , thoughtful analysis of artwork shocks even myself .
When you bring up the final happening tomorrow and you're the only one who studied
Updating my RPGMakerMV "" Social Media Buttons "" plugin . No YouTube icon so updating it and cleaning it up some . GameDev
I've finally remade my original set . It's nice to see how my style has changed over time . RPGMakerMV pixelart
Rudock should have stayed at iowa ORSTvsMICH
July 5th , 2016 . The day that the rule of law officially died in the U . S ,
INT , finally some Raiders defense . Just when it was needed
. @AndreDrummondd ' s decision to delay contract talks gives us a boost for the future , writes
Pistons . Gotta think about some trades to improve our bench
those ppl are fools . Guy was tough as nails and was willing to embrace our team . Injury changed stuff but he was a pro
Yesterday was the culmination of corporate money controlling politics and media . Join us to end the corruption .
any Michigan comedy dates coming up ?
now that ur shamed not to use "" alt left "" , will you also drop the insulting "" Bernie bro "" narrative that
did I miss your mailbag ?
Imagine learning all that weve learned about Harvey Weinstein .... then electing him President . Thats exactly what America
Do u love her when she lies and misinforms on progressives on the left ? She's good at calling out the
Because there were other primary challengers too ... but keep coming
Just remember ish smith is the best guard off a pistons bench ever ...
Im above average ! ! ! ! ! !
anyone left that you haven't met and would like to jam with ?
Racing and restoring awesome cars in CSRClassics . It's FREE !
Thats just the way it is . Things will never be the same .
Anticipate ! ! ! ! theapocalypse theapocalypse theapocalypse theapocalypse theapocalypse
Calm ur balls down But seriously Dammy Krane is beginning to sound stupid ... Same old shit ! ! Nigga Up ur
. the apocalypse Banging on my headphone ! ! !
Great song "" @Yungpels : John Legend - All of Me
To have someone understand your mind is a different type of intimacy .
okay ! and if you need a desk or nightstand i have to get rid of those too haha B ]
ngl if y'all could quote that tweet in and direction i'd really appreciate it
I already knew this one thanks to InTheHeights
If you want to get some color references together and let me know when you need it by , we can talk m
I LOVE U MOM AND DAD
CAS 341028-37- 3 Chemicals Alagebrium chloride : Buyers Purchasing Procurement Demand Market mrx FDA
CAS 913835-86- 6 Chemicals ( 2 - Chloro - 5 - methylpyridin - 3 - yl ) boronic acid : Purchasing Procurement mrx ROI
CAS 93918-13- 9 Chemicals calcium ( 2 + ) neononanoate : mrx ROI Certification
Chemical Hydrocarbons , C16 - C20 , n-alkanes , isoalkanes , cyclics , 2 % aromatics : Buyers Procurement mrx
Chemical Resin Product : mrx ROI Certification
CAS 68957-43- 7 Chemicals 1,4 , 5,6- tetrahydro-N - ( 2 - methoxyphenyl ) -4,6- dioxo -1,3 , 5 - triazin - 2 - acetamide :
CAS 157337-81- 0 Chemicals 2,4- Difluoro - 3 - trifluoromethylbenzoic acid : Buyers FDA Performance
CAS 33034-67- 2 Chemicals 2 - Chloro - 4 - ( trifluoromethyl ) pyrimidine : mrx ROI Certification
Chemical Reaction : 1,2- Benzenedicarboxylic acid , di-C 8-10- branched alkyl esters , C9 - rich and calcium carbo :
CAS 61635-55- 0 Chemicals diisopropyl dodecanedioate : Buyers Purchasing Procurement Demand Market mrx
CAS 84309-53- 5 Chemicals Sorbitan , tris [ ( Z , Z , Z ) -9,12 , 15 - octadecatrienoate ] : mrx ROI Certification
Chemical REACTIVE YELLOW 9706 : NewMR FDA Certification
Chemical 2 - Naphthalenesulfonic acid , 7 - [ [ 4 - chloro - 6 - ( dodecylamino ) -1,3 , 5 - triazin - 2 - yl ] amino ] - 4 - hydroxy - 3 - [ :
CAS 68585-06- 8 Chemicals 9 - Octadecenoic acid ( Z ) - , Reaction : diethylenetriamine , oleates : mrx ROI Stocks
CAS 452972-10- 0 Chemicals 4 - Chloropyridine - 3 - boronic acid : Buyers Purchasing Procurement Market mrx
CAS 70523-22- 7 Chemicals 2,4- Dioxo -1,2 , 3,4- tetrahydro - 5 - pyrimidinylboronic acid : Buyers Procurement mrx
CAS 70005-89- 9 Chemicals ( R ) - 4 - ( 2 - Hydroxyethyl ) -2,2- dimethyl -1,3- dioxolane : NewMR FDA Competitors
Chemical ferrous sulphate : Buyers Purchasing Procurement Feedstock Demand Market mrx MarketResearch
CAS 659736-92- 2 Chemicals Epon 8091 : Buyers Purchasing Procurement Demand Market mrx MarketResearch
CAS 394-04- 7 Chemicals 5 - Fluoro - 2 - methoxybenzoic acid : Buyers Purchasing Procurement Market mrx FDA
Chemical Reaction : 1,3- Butadiene , homopolymer , distn . by-products and acrylonitrile : mrx ROI Competitors
CAS 259886-50- 5 Chemicals Cucurbit [ 7 ] uril : Buyers Purchasing Procurement Demand mrx MarketResearch
Chemical Reaction : ammonium dihydrogenorthophosphate and ammonium nitrate and calcium hydrogenorthophospha :
Chemical 2 - methyl - 4 - phenylpentanol : Buyers Purchasing Procurement Demand Market mrx MarketResearch
CAS 97467-69- 1 Chemicals 4 - [ [ 4 - chloro - 6 - [ ( 2 - hydroxyethyl ) amino ] -1,3 , 5 - triazin - 2 - yl ] amino ] - 5 - hydroxy - 6 - [ ( 2 :
CAS 85188-09- 6 Chemicals sodium 2,5- dichloro - 4 - [ [ 4 - ( diethylamino ) -o- tolyl ] azo ] benzenesulphonate : Buyers
Chemical Reaction : citric acid and pentasodium triphosphate : Buyers ROI Certification
Chemical DELTA - 9 ( 11 ) - ESTRADIOL : mrx ROI Certification
CAS 90388-08- 2 Chemicals Hexadecanoic acid , branched and linear tridecyl esters : NewMR FDA Competitors
CAS 69655-76- 1 Chemicals Octavinyloctasilasesquioxane : Buyers Purchasing Procurement Market mrx ROI
Chemical Urea-Formaldehyde : mrx ROI Certification
CAS 1113-83- 3 Chemicals N-Glycolylneuraminic acid : mrx ROI Certification
I should not have to walk half a mile from my car to my house with a bag full of raw chicken . trumanparkingsucks obamafixthis
Harriet Tubman might replace Andrew Jackson on the $ 20 bill
when you try to take cute pics of your dog but he's not having it
tryna get vin diesel to change his name to vin hybrid cause the green movement needs all the help it can get to be honest
But , when white people do it , it's ok , right ?
When ppl respond to an email with a ? that was answered in said email , is it ok to respond by forwarding the original ? Asking for a friend .
No era l la luz , sino para que diese testimonio de la luz .
For we wrestle not against flesh and blood , but against principalities , against powers , against the rulers of the da
Awesome sausage and pepperoni ! :D
I love the snow , Hitomi ! It reminds me of this recurring dream I have every holiday season .... { Dreamy sigh }
"" Really ? That must be a blast ! ""
Jamesha to Tokyo Japan 2017
Losing this hour is really kicking my ass !
Craving some vanilla ice cream with whip cream , strawberry syrup and sprinkles ! Don't care that it is after midnight . Have to have some .
My bad ! Not even going 2 ask y that is ? Days going OK . I work from home but am feeling lazy today & don't want to do much . u ?
It feels great to come on here and see such attractive & interesting men on my time line . Just seeing that puts you in a good mood ! GM All !
It's Good Friday folks ! Remember no eating meat or in between the 3 meals of the day !
Well it's 6pm and the world didn't end ! I guess I can still get my drink on & go out to Manhattan tonight ............
Whatz up with this DM SPAM garbage from followers / non followers ? Just when I think people r starting 2 communicate with me , I get this CRAP !
Everythings going wrong today : computer running slow , hot again , the worst headache ! Don't know what it's going to take to turn this day around ?
Butch it up Bro ! And btw ..... which head is bothering you ?
Broaden your vocabulary and lessen your Profanity ! !
There is always a solution to any problem you are facing ! You just have to be honest with yourself during the figuring out process !
Thanks for the follow back Bro ! Appreciate the Twitter Love ! Shoutout to u from NYC ! Hope your enjoying a chill day ! Peace !
Thanks for the follow Bro ! Appreciate the Twitter Love ! Shoutout to you from NYC ! Hope your enjoying a chill night ! Peace !
Thanks for the follow back Bro ! Appreciate the Twitter Love ! Shoutout to you from NYC ! Hope your enjoying a chill day ! Peace !
Exciting US Tour announcement coming at 7pm ( UK Time ) tonight .
Thanks for the follow Bro ! Appreciate the Twitter Love ! Shoutout to you from NYC ! Hope your enjoying a chill day ! Peace !
Thanks for the follow back Bro ! Appreciate the Twitter Love ! Shoutout to you from NYC ! Hope your enjoying a chill day ! Peace !
Thanks for the follow back Bro ! Appreciate the Twitter Love ! Shoutout to u from NYC ! Hope your enjoying a chill day , Peace !
Thanks for the follow Bro ! Appreciate the Twitter Love ! Shoutout to you from NYC ! Hope your enjoying a chill day ! Peace !
Thanks for following back Bro ! Appreciate the Twitter Love ! Shout out to you from NYC ! I hope your enjoying a chill day ! Peace !
If I had the chance to return to the 80 ' s I would never come back to the present even if it meant I had to give up some modern conveniences !
OK I will add you on Facebook . Maybe it will be easier to chat in private message or the chat . I hate being limited ! !
Thanks for following Bro ! Appreciate the Twitter Love ! Shoutout to you from NYC ! I hope your enjoying a chill day ! Peace !
Thanks for following ! Appreciate the Twitter Love ! Shout out to you from NYC ! Happy Thanksgiving ! Peace !
Thanks for following back Bro ! Appreciate the Twitter Love ! Shout out to you from NYC ! Hope your enjoying a chill day ! Peace !
12-13- 14 - Things that happen once every one hundred years !
BANANARAMA make the cover of "" Classic Pop "" magazine ! Bananarama 2017 keren sara siobhan nanas reunion 80s OG
Bananarama - I Heard A Rumour ( The Original Line-up Tour - 12th Nov ) via
Bananarama Stay LIVE via Bananarama 2017 bananarama TheOriginalLineUpTour stay
no one loves you better than yourself
"" i'll answer it later "" two days later : "" oh shit it's too late to reply now ""
When I go in public and remember that every other girl in the world is beautiful and I look like a potato with hair
i get really bad anxiety when theres so many cars on the freeway bc people really drive like they just got their license constantly
did y'all see these fucking David Bowie emojis look ! ! ! !
me being nice to people who don't deserve it bc it's in my nature to be a polite person ..
Imagine being so retarded that you still don't believe climate change is happening in 2017 , despite every scientist in
bringing my dumb ass outside
Bae is Jeffery Dahmer run bitch
you lying ass hoe lmao stop trying to ruin friendships bc youre mad over some dumb shit
Crazy how somebody who use to be your "" best friend "" can do you so dirty
here it is . i did it . in 2 days i made the bible gayer . welcome to the garden of west hollywood , Adam & amp ; Steve .
. @JimCarrey and I are thrilled to announce our engagement .
my love language is unsolicited spotify links
Wassup with your mans , bruh ?
he dead ass manipulated someones emotions all because of their body type . this is so cruel and vile
Are you still watching "" First of all , Ill tell you when Ive had enough
Im crying bc I never even questioned the weird ass outfits they put Disney stars in when I was little
Dudes sweating abt these sexual harassment cases like "" How can I talk 2 women then "" w / ur dick in ur pants & amp ; ur hands 2
I STILL CAN NOT GET OVER HOW CUTE YOU GUYS ARE
Kid Cudi just brought out Kanye in Chicago
I'm too fucking young to have lost my health insurance and then be denied , $ 1.25 over minimum wage shouldn't fucking be ov
I like when birds lay down and look like a little pile of custard
if this ain't me and my boo in 20 years i don't want it .
when joe budden said Russ is 53 with a man bun , i felt that
First date this nigga didnt eat his vegetables . There wont be a second date .
I'M GOIN TO HAVE A BF LOL
Coffee and coffee cake to start the day . Yum ! Enjoy your week .
I always try to forget when I order stuff online so that way when it gets here it's like getting a present from myself :D
Friday : Area leaders-girls bowling : 3rd Kriston , 6th Rudy , 9th Newham , 11th Kirk , 13th Keith , 17th Richae , 26th McCreedy , 29th Schwind
to get there , envision you are there .
Allow yourself to make mistakes and realize that's when you learn some of your biggest lessons . You are meant to be real
Have a positive day . March 23 , 2016
to the person reading this right now , I hope you're having a great day . do not forget to smile . you are loved beyond words .
It isn't what you have , or who you are , or where you are , or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy . It is wha
( / . \ )
"" Can I get my chips soft but crispy ? "" - Some Idiot Customer delilife idiots oxymoron
LT It's not "" temporary "" if it's literally every time I try for over a week . So much for the fallout 4 custom console giveaway , thanks
We're shining some light on PokemonSunMoon ! Get ready to discover the Alola region :
Rick and Morty portal gun schematics shirt I got last month from lootcrate rickandmorty
I'm tired of life . Just when I thought I started to figure things out . Wrong again . Turns out I haven't learned a single fucking thing .
selfie menwithlonghair longhairedguys menwithbraids stretchedears
Dear fuck you . fuckajitpai fuckfcc KeepNetNeutrality leaveitalone greedy douche prick
This just in : Jane Fonda has motor in her booty . Film at eleven . FallonTonight
Yeah , frying bacon naked is generally a one-time experience . FallonTonight
My wild guess at the touching-the-vehicle thing : fingerprint evidence . No supporting facts , just a guess . LivePD
Welcome , West Coast LivePD viewers ! Ten degrees , right ?
How do you climb into a ditch ? LivePD
That'll buff right out . LivePD
Why do you hate America ? LOL Star Shower Slide Show was designed by American engineers using American technology !
TEN DEGREES ! uh , I mean minutes . LivePD
Not my car and she said I couldn't touch the volume knob either . LivePD
Steelers two minute drill was a thing of beauty
How about a little holding on the Brownies .
Steelers 1 on ESPNs NFL Power Rankings
put on the AM radio it will be on there
I bring good mojo from nc
I have no idea how Mike Wallace does it , especially with his short crop . it's the aerodynamic fauxhawk fin
"" Glitter Puppy "" custom made tattoo liner by Rob Rutherford Machine Works to be auctioned for Bella's Dog .
I posted a new photo to Facebook
here is bella's DAD ! ! ! ! ! we just got pics of him ! he looks so regal and ready to work :) SQUEEEEEEEEEE ! ! ! ! !
Thanks so much to E . L . Photography and Howe for being there .
If The Legend Of Goldilocks Got A Disco Makeover
I wish I had thought of this ... ugh . Kathy Smith Dolde
I am a golden god ! Or a least I have a chariot that starts !
Here's the second tee . It would "" t attach to the last post .
Ravens player retires to give kidney to younger brother , a retired Steelers player
Bella's playing on her girly pink iPod screaming get to the chopper ! Not sure whether to laugh or cry .
Music is pretty rad .
Liberal arts college professor brutalizes Nazi , who has a permit . More alt-left indoctrination .
The 10 Day Holiday Sweepstakes starts now ! Enter daily for your chance to win great ...
Sprint News - Week in Review : December 1 - 7
Opening a new office ? See how to hit the ground running with Workplace-as-a-Service :
Since I know people love to question the intengrity and honesty of women when they come forward with stories like this , h
This kind of misgendering is really revealing : the media still thinking of trans women as men who * for some reason * try to
Too macho for yoga ? Try BROga ! Find inner peace with daily MANtras ! Centre your being with positions like downward doggy
We have a government run by fascists that pander to Nazis and are busy at work taking away rights for our citizens .
Fuck this , I'm sorely tempted to build my own plot for this novelization .
I didn't have an answer for that . ( It still didn't convince me to go out there . )
Devastating article shows people died in Puerto Rico because of late & amp ; inadequate response by
hey , stop scrolling for a sec . listen . life is worth living . you are needed . you are wanted . please stay . let's hang on till to
This rollback of the ACA's birth control mandate will * immediately * go into effect . NOW :
I am a shift manager at a McDonald's and we've been throwing out the Szechuan sauce because we're bigger fans of Bojack Hors
Because blacks already are killed for false gun charges even without additional laws .
This Quora answer is magnificent .
( people who think pedos only invaded anime in 2009 think again i've seen Fate fans salivate over Illya's loli status for ages )
When there's only 2 days until SMT switch reveal
Roger Stone is handling tonights news like the dapper gentleman he is
Hmmmmm , I feel like talking about something , but it'll probably turn into pretentious word vomit so I won't .
"" it's all just a game "" and "" hey fandom you suck ""
So here's a thing . Being an abuse survivor , I've found the last month or so of social media and news to be a constant , hel
Having little character depth isn't exactly a flaw when there are people out there unable to think in 3D .
lol its been common knowledge that dril is just Some Dude you dont need to make a thing of it homestuck fans
Call Congress . Flood their phones . Save freedom of speech on the internet . The least we can do is scream so loudly that
Repeat 10,000 times for writers and game narrative / dialogue , please God I really need games that understand tens
Dear The job of or any independent media organization , is not to represent the United States or your
Lucky Star was a Seinfieldian show about nothing with little ( if ANY ) character growth amongst the main cast .
why would you ever want to work with the GOP , least of all on taxes
And up against that argument are the people who ship the leads together , despite how gross they are ( or even because of that ) .
A special message from Persona 5 Director & amp ; Creative Producer Katsura Hashino :
Stress has me tired out , but it's too late to cancel .
JUST IN : CDC gets a list of forbidden words that include fetus , transgender , diversity . Analysts were told they can't be use
Jingle Bells , Joestars smell , Kakyoin laid an egg
If I ever see ' Taylor Swift ' and ' Matty Healy ' in the same sentence ever again I'm gonna throw up
someone kiss my forehead and tell me how it's burning your lips
someone motivate me to write jokes please
When I am with you there's no place I'd rather be ...
you better follow me I was the best damn delivery driver ever
Thanks Joe for all the great memories . you have brought passion back to UofA football best of luck in your future
I just choked on my sandwich , never mind it was Philly that was choking not me .
Researchers Who Provided Key Evidence For Gluten Sensitivity Have Now Thoroughly Shown That It Doesn't Exist
"" #nickelback4lyfe "" - said no one ever .. ever ... literally never
With Verge Blackhole Technology you can rest assured that your transactions will not be traced . The Future is now $ BTC bitc
We should take a moment to just appreciate that not only Google search exists but it is also for free .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Moviefone .
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with FlipDaCoin !
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with NameDaFlag !
BOSTON , MA The Boston Celtics announced today that they have signed rookie cen ... Celtics
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Da Daily Compliment .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Name Da Flag .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with jm #SeeDaSights ! app
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with WhoDaMaster ! app
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Ask Da Ball iOS .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Toot Da Baby .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Who Da Man .
I just checked in at Redbox with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with AskDaBall ! app
I just checked in at PNC Financial Services with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Da Daily Compliment .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I always use the Moviefone app for movie info , theaters , and showtimes . Get it from the app store :
BOSTON , MA The Boston Celtics announced today that they have acquired four-tim ... Celtics
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Grumpy Bears .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Price is Right Slots - Android .
BOSTON Superstars win championships , and the Boston Celtics just added one who ... Celtics
I just checked in at Western Union with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Redlounge Guest with CricketRewards Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Kitten Assassin iOS .
I just checked in at Ciro & amp ; Sals Restaurant with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
NEWPORT , Rhode Island Just a few days ago , Kyrie Irving had never been anythin ... Celtics
I just checked in at Western Union with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I just checked in at Cricket Wireless with mPLACES Download today and find your nearest store to earn mPOINTS !
Come share your thoughts on the Steelers signing of DeAngelo Williams ! Polls via
How Last Night's Win Was An Awesome Christmas Present via
wahoo ! ! ! ! !
I need one of these .... although Lando would probably run away with the bucket ...
Can a sick MJ get a RT ?
Is that some sort of Jeep condom ? ? ? ?
You caught a finger ...
Here they are .... in my freezer ....
I had the same issue with my old TJ ... negative post broke off inside battery ...
Too cute ! . Photo by unknown . For credit / removal see email in my bio . Favourite dog breed ? . retweet + Tag a h
GOAL ! KESSEL ! The Pens tie it up 4-4 with 6:11 left in the 3rd period . He's so clutch .
From the Bestop family to yours , we would like to wish you a Happy Thanksgiving
Labby snow angels are the greatest ....
is fighting the food coma
ive listened to knives out for the last 38 minutes . thats almost 9 times in a row . everyone should be ...
izumi w / Tammy & Justin
I'm returning to tonight for the first time in 7 years . It's almost sold out so if you want in , DON'T SLEEP
BITSY - A1101964 - TO BE DESTROYED 01/26 / 17 * * ON PUBLIC LIST * * A volunteer writes : Bitsy is not a little , but ...
TN MEMPHIS SOS CRITICAL Sweet 2yo Male looks for a hero to save him ! Faces death ! Pls adopt pledge rescue
TN MEMPHIS SOS CRITICAL 3yo sweet girl confiscated , needs a home fast ! 2B KILLED pls adopt pledge rescue
RESCUE 2BKILLED 01/29 NYC DOGS RESCUE FOSTER PLEDGE
The most powerful piece of shelter reform legislation ever introduced . Ever : ( I need your help to ge
Please RT #NYC ACC Board Meeting Report by Shelter Reform Action Committee January 2017
NEW PICTURES ! ! MARCH - A1101742 TO BE DESTROYED ... Follow me here for more info and status updates :
2BKILLED 02/02 NYC DOGS RESCUE ADOPT PLEDGE FOSTER
Today's the start of our "" Give Love "" adoption promotion ! Check out our adoptable CITYDOGS at G
Please RT ! Have you seen Bama ? missing lost pet in Woodbridge VA 22191
RESCUE 2BKILLED 02/06 NYC DOGS RESCUE FOSTER PLEDGE
This injured little girl needs helpPlease retweet to help her find it and s home ASAP . TY
RESCUE 2BKILLED 02/10 NYC DOGS RESCUE FOSTER PLEDGE
DON'T LET EdnaMolewa LEGALIZE TRADE IN RHINO HORNSIGNhttps :/ / t.co / pkAJPCIf 0a via CHINA VIETNAM RHINO
California Homeless Pets R Set 2RoaRR Pay'm A Visit This Weekend LosAngeles 100s & amp ; 100s R Waiting 2 C U Dogs Cats
LosAngeles 100s of Shelter Pets Wait 2Go Home Adopt 1 Who's Gonna Make U Smile 2Day LA ? California Puppy Dogs
Good Dogs Deserve Good Homes In NewYorkCity Buster Is A Good Dog Give'm A Good Home Adopt NYCACC MAna
Gorgeous or what ? Take me home please - I want to be with you
Adoptable dog Lobo_CCSTCA _11 Handsome Lobo would love you to come meet him
MONTE - A1103236 - TO BE DESTROYED 02/23 / 17 * * NEW HOPE ONLY * *
FEB 24th Alert ! 3 NewYorkCity Dogs Face Death Adopt Foster Rescue By Noon NYC Bioshttps :/ / t.co / 2JpFP6gdyl htt
DONT LET THEM STUFF ME IN A BLACK BAG ! !
PLEASE SAVE US ! WE JUST WANT UR LOVE HELPDOGS @URGENTPODR . ORG
HELP IS HERE ! Urgent DOG Help Desk - * * PLEASE NOTE OUR NEW HELP DESK EMAIL ADDRESS * *
TO DIE 3/15 / 17 . NYC . NEW HOPE RESCUE ONLY PATRICK STAR A1105740
Good Dogs Deserve Good Homes In NewYorkCity Nana Is A Good Dog Give'r A Good Home Adopt NYCACC Manhat
TX SanAntonio SOS CODE RED Buster 1yo boy lab mix , so sweet ! Past deadlineMUST EXIT 3/20 adopt rescue foster
GOOD NEWS ! ! LITTLE LUCKY WILL START A NEW HAPPY LIFE AFTER SURGERY & amp ; ADOPTION . TIANJIN CHINA
WILBUR - A1107316 - TO BE DESTROYED 04/11 / 17 A volunteer writes : "" Willllburrrr ! "" 2 year-old ... h
TO DIE 4/20 / 17 . NYC LEIA A1107851
A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known , then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized . ~ Fred Allen
photography nature Leafs orange fall seasons
Wow , I love I just won this for free , You , Me and Dupree Digital HD UltraViolet code Only VUD
How does Kanye not know about the separation between church and state ? You can't run for president if you are God .
So ... @AaronTveit and just sang their first-ever duet w / Falling Slowly at What'd you think ? htt
the kid from sky high who's super power turned him into a puddle
they're . wearing . the same . thing .
Me when I discovered Lin-Manuel Miranda
Graffiti of Donald Trump's head over a swastika has been spotted at Piedmont Rd . & amp ; Sidney Marcus Blvd . in Buckhead .
Here we go with the "" I haven't ___ since last year "" tweets .
I've got about as much chance of getting in a relationship as that squirrel in ice age has of finally getting that nut
"" Can't you just skip rehearsal ? ""
GENIE : i can grant u three wishes ALADDIN : can i hav three tickets to hamilton GENIE : [ starts sweatig ]
If Leonardo Dicaprio can get an Oscar , can get a gf . rttosavealife
"" diversity doesn't sell "" starter kit
when Kanye took that VMA from Taylor I was like "" oh , weird "" not "" this will psychologically cripple both artists , driving the
Not to be dramatic but being 21 is ruining my life
Nvm i found it but the audio doesn't work so
Thank god it's not a crime to eat cheesy popcorn for dinner because otherwise get out the handcuffs and lock me up .
ALL I WANT IN LIFE IS A DAMN KINDER SURPRISE EGG
I have a cooler life
Man : how long you been working here ? Me : almost a year . man : well I can see why you look a little unhappy then . Even customers know it sucks
adorable ! I'm looking at getting a German Shepard :)
FUCKING NOT USING TURN SIGNALS MAN THOSE GET TO ME
I don't wanna go back to work . I still feel like crap .
Lets see how long it takes before I get annoyed with my hair and put it up .
same I feel you that's all I need :p
ARE YOU KIDDIN ME I HATE MYSELF IT BETTER BE ON YOUTUBE
dude I kinda want a pair hahahaha
Slut and I had a moment
I just sneezed which caused me to bite my lip and now I'm bleeding how did this happen
I think dallan is trying to torture me
ICYMI : Heading to this summer ? Here's 10 acts you MUST CHECK OUT !
I dont think many places are . I just found a winner haha
they're too catchy for their own damn good haha
O_O quite possibly . Let me look into the details
ESSENTIAL LISTENING : Introducing your new favorite electro-rock band ... Vinyl Theatre
I have one . Its just not a stupid touch haha .
Super cold impulse beach day .
I'd probably listen to sing anything , but it helps that the new song is pretty awesome . bohnes
This show was always my sanctuary . And now it's breaking my heart . NO MORE CASTLE
Protest racism , protest xenophobia , protest homophobia , protest inequality , protest hate , protest hate , protest hate , but
Unless this ticket ends up being a scam , in which case Ill just ... eat ice cream and be sad I guess .
ha it was no problem . Next I'll have to bring calzones . I make THE best !
Chris Brown is MVP RiceND 14 returnallday
Running electricity through a pencil
Zuri Star , thanks for the follow !
Good meeting you today !
I'm GUHNA pop some tags .. GAHT TWENTY DOLLAHS IN MY POCKET ! !
I kind of worked this out
R Y U DID remember when him and mitsu were talking about like a story or something and they're like giving ridiculous answers
when ure trying to make up with bae
rm : is jungkook home ? jimin : let me check rm : it's ok ill - jimin : [ clears throat ] SKRRRT jk : [ bursts into the room ] YEOGI BUT
in spanish u need 2 write these sentences abt the vocab so i wrote abt youngjae running over bambam while screaming & amp ; yugyeom dancing on him
YES YES YOWAPEDA IS MY HAPPINESS
me & amp ; whEN WE GO TO SEE BTS ( OUR SEATS ARE FAR AS HECK FROM EACH OTHER THO LMAO )
i've been drawing nothing but vixx they have me so snatched once again ...
love how tae didn't take his eyes off jimin the entire time they were laughing
This should've went viral instead of the cash me ousside girl
me : bangtan are soulmates vmin , yoonseok , etc : [ call one another their soulmate ] me :
the way jooheon says girl
That is the most relatable thing I've read all day .
rt if the person in ur icon makes you go
IMAGINE JUST IGNORING ONE OF THE MOST TALENTED GROUPS YOU'VE FORMED WHO HAVE AMAZING CHEMISTRY AND PERSONALITY CANT RELATE
thank you so much ! ! ! ! you're so sweet
when youve gotten used to yuta feeding everyone with lots of yuwin and now you feel so deprived without any recent
Stop reducing all his smiles to being fake and him lying to us . He had his happy moments with shinee and shawols . Nothing wi
Spicer : I QUIT ! Mooch : Hold my beer . Spicer : But I just handed YOU my beer ? ? ?
The Justice , The Legend and The Admiral . Enough said .
BBC News - Trump does not rule out military response to Venezuela crisis
Don't worry , Frau Fuehrer Ingraham , they're only removing the ones honoring treason against the United States ....
* deadpans * ... so says the President's fluffer .....
Collective Soul - Heavy ( Lyrics ) via
27 Aug normals & amp ; records for Charlotte , GSP , & amp ; Asheville
Have you heard 2017-08- 20-1 by on SoundCloud ? np
Several tornado warnings issued with Irma . Hurricanes bring multiple threats : storm surge , wind , inland flooding , tornadoes , rip
8 Followed , 8 Unfollowed me ( monitored by
Those players have more respect for this country than you or your Deplorables have ever had , sir , so shut the hell up !
Honestly , if these warrants are granted , we should hold a general strike . This is Dictatorship Shit right here
58 Dead . 500 wounded . Can we ever have a reasoned discussion about the easy availability of weapons of war and massacres
Genesis A Trick Of The Tail via
Gained 9 followers and lost 5 ( stats by
( The Intercept ) Kansas is punishing a teacher for following her church's guidance to boycott Israel by
James Milner staked a real claim to start at Wembley on Sunday with that performance . Thought he was man of the match
Shinzo Abe's coalition wins two-thirds majority in Japan
Deep Purple - Perfect Strangers via
Shaun King explaining Kaepernick's intention from the beginning - via
The White Domestic Terrorist who committed a massacre in Sutherland used an AR - 15 . In Texas , there are no background ch
2004 - November 7 , 2017 . Rory was very , very loved . I was so lucky . - MG
Roy Moore challenged Alabama law that protects rape victims , documents reveal
Is there a tone of desperation in Trump's recent tweets ? It feels like a comic who senses his act's not working , so the jo
THANK YOU and F1onNBC AbuDhabiGP
KateSteinle Question : what political impacts would any not-guilty verdicts have on the ongoing DACA debate in Washington ?
When Trump travels overseas he brings better trade deals , billions in new investment , and American citizens who were in
Liberals - if you are looking for conservative voices to follow that are sharp and introspective : Yes , you're going to d
Midlife Crisis by Faith No More via
Gained 7 followers and lost 4 ( stats by
"" I will not be impressed with technology until I can download food from the internet . ""
To the man throwing fake snakes into the river and scaring the hell out of tubers .... Well played sir . Well played . hilarious
Safe to say , Winston's a hoss puppy dawg
You don't want to look right at it . It's too agressive .
Dear Darla , I hate your stinkin ' guts .
With you I get so high lost in the crystal sky , you are this melody , that's where you take me
They say if you do what you love you'll never have to work a day in your life . But I don't think anyone will pay me to ...
and here we go finals
"" Get out , I need to go to my mind palace ! "" sherlock mindpalace
ok wonderful my dear I'll text you tomorrow
"" I don't like to talk about money but I have exactly 10 million dollars "" modernfamily
Finally finished MakingAMurderer Still the most punchable face
Kim Kardashian was only 35 when she exposed Taylor Swift on snapchat for being a snake
MTV : Beyonc which song are you performing ? Beyonc : Lemonade ... MTV : That's an album though .... Beyonc :
1 Most Messy Bitch Who Lives For Drama Award goes to ... FLORIDA
INTERVIEWER : we require 5 + years experience . ME :
is giving away an amazing prize to kick off 2017 . Visit to enter - I just did !
Official Sweden Twitter account fact-checks Trump in day-long tweetstorm :
I have flown united before with literally no pants on . Just a top as a dress . Next time I will wear only jeans and a sca
Constitution Rapidly Ages Another 100 Years From Stress Of Repeated Crises
WIFE : the cat just got back from the vet ME : W : He's very sensitive about his appearance , so please dont laugh at him M : ho
To whoever just subscribed my email accts ( family , work , obsolete ) to multiple promotional & amp ; fan newsletters : It
The fact that Einstein never said any such thing only makes this tweet that much more perfect .
As a historian the hardest part of my job is that I am constantly building statues , as statues are the only way people le
Anyway , would you folks like to start with some appetizers
People on facebook are a different breed
someone : omg youre so pretty ! me :
Buy me these and I'll wear them for you
When you're the backup but you're just happy to be on the team
but i bought you $ 40 worth of dominos
When you rubbing her clit and stroking at the same time . She be like ..
When u misread a situation and realise ur mental breakdown wasn't necessary
When your crush likes your selfie
1 . He's scaling a fish with his hands 2 . The Asian guys voice has me crying
when the text says it was read a minute ago
Hate is heavy , let it go .
If you leave a girl bc ur tired of "" arguing "" you're dumb . You'll argue with any girl you talk too , despite how good it i
So sorry guys . I'll explain when I can
holy shit ! ! ! !
if ur girl ever asks "" who is she ? "" U better off not lyin cuz 100 % she already knows who she is where she lives & amp ; what c
They called two different jimmy johns and merged the calls
Porsche 918 in the mountains
Learn How To Make a Monogram Cake
GIRL WAS NOT READY FOR THOSE 4 HOURS LMFAOOOOOOOO
THIS BREAKS MY FRICKING HEART , POOR LITTLE GUY
Lil Wayne : Shawty wanna lick lick lick lick , lick me like a lollipop . She , she licked me like a lollipop 11 year old me :
This Week's Top Story : Scientists Politely Remind World That Clean Energy Technology Ready To Go Whenever
if ur looking to go to the Lord Huron concert tomorrow with someone who has poor social skills and a stupid sense of humor im your girl
Arbys was extremely inspired by melania's RNC speech last night . Arbys : eat fresh
some kid just walked in 4min before class ended and started trying to take 50min worth of notes ? ? ?
Good morning ! Getting ready to run a race
Final Send-Off Series game before FIFAWWC kicks off today at Red Bull Arena . Tune in to at 4:30 pm ET USAvKOR
Still think about you everyday . We all miss you so much buddy
ATTENTION EVERYONE : Although it is not mandatory , it is highly recommended that girls ask guys to tinsel !
not relationship type but for you i will be .
Happy birthday ! ! ! !
happy birthday boo ilove ya have a great one
Results from Indoor State Championships : KenWest's Christina Wende-triple jump-personal best 37 ' 5 "" . 3rd place in Sta
Where should the east west girls varsity soccer game be on Monday ?
Madison's tip of the day : If you have enough time to move in front a bullet for someone , they have enough time to move out of the way .
Time for our 15 MINUTE follow spree ! RETWEET this tweet & amp ; we'll FOLLOW some lucky fans until we go LIVE with the VoiceT
When ur calculus teacher tries to motivate you by putting Alex Morgan's face next to the problems > >
PEOPLE , IT'S HAPPENED AGAIN What colors do you see ? ? ? shootme
i need a boy like this
Gotta admit that was good ...
I just won 2 points on the SuperLucky Button ! Join me and you can win too : ( @Superpoints )
hope you guys win !
Stonewall ! gogodididonyc 2 shows left !
I send like ten tweets every six months , lol . Liars hate when people don't believe them .
oh the irony , sounds like you're describing Jackie / Lindz
those calling you are paid ? Sounds like you're the one who has been paid . Shameful .
Hmm Coming from a man who has been quoted saying he would require an abortion if he knocked someon
Hey Loser ! You are the absolute worst President in history . TrumpRussia Loser
You seem to bring a lot of darkness w / your condemnation of who practice their faith differently than you ...
And churches have to show where the money goes , not so much for Duggars . FakeChristian
Lol , how pathetic is this tweet ? The attacks on Leah just prove her point .
I don't really like twitter it's boring ...
Remember the show rosanne I would love to see a now a day spin off ! Ilove roseanne
I feel like a big hot breakfast hmmmm where is that maid I hired .. LoL
call the house I have a question hurry please !
Some people watch TV shows religiously !
PLEASE RETWEET : On stage giving the commencement speech at Trinity Christian ... make them famous .
I would love for chase to get together with and do a comedy TV show !
Just got to Starting soon !
Have 2 little dogs and one try's to out eat the other when I feed them
Going home to the mountains today . Goodbye Myrtle Beach . Excited to see you next year !
Go watch he's the nicest humble and person ever this is my fav Crazy Firecracker and Shaving Cream War ! ht
It's a good day to go fishing , wish me luck
Behold , the eye of the LORD is upon them that fear Him , upon them that hope in His mercy Psalm 33:18
but all of em are my favorite ;)
so if i play this game daily , i get tons of gold ?
did my tweet send cause i know how my phone doesnt send em
I have a LG G Pad 7.0 LTE
black box is the studio that made NFS carbon
sorry if I'm aggravating you
Love is not about sex , going on fancy dates , or showing off . Its about being with a person who makes you happy in a way n
what does instant do on headquarters
i sent you guys a message on facebook about EA
guys fr , i know that nfs carbon is all screwed up all because of EA , not meaning y'all but EA screwed up nfs carbon
aye dude , you can chill out on raiding me , just suffer the consequences and go on with life now chill !
did you know that in nfs carbon San Juan was supposed to play a role in career mode but didn't make it ?
then when I start asking questions
same with that one error
that's a hot ride my mans ;)
we need uh feature where we can trade heroes with guild friends
this duuude gonna say that I could get 20 % more cash in regulation races and what does he say
I got busted 0 times
may we have ed ed eddy ?
i wasnt trynna be a hater on toxic shaman or anything .. I've always wanted Won Ton due to his features , seems useful :)
hey , why did Song Cry by JAY Z get removed ?
good luck with GT Sport my man's
What an awesome thunderstorm a few hours ago ... Thank god the thunder didn't let me sleep ... I might've missed it If I slept ! xD
Another sleepless night .. Insomia .. Still haunts me !
Theres like two squirrels hanging out on a tree besides my window .. Gonna grab my gun and make some squirrel stew out of them !
Spellbound by Evil me you
Willa Ford Three me you
Here at DG ... musicless .. Forgot my ipod .. and being tortured by the music of taylor swift ... :-(
Just recieved a gift from an awesome customer and supporter ! gonna add this new book to my collection ! !
Inside Look : Incompetence Law Contracts
Shelly Martinez Two Beauty Model
The Ron Paul Budget Plan | Socyberty
Brooke Hogan Three me you
Ron Paul Responds to Obama Administration's "" Global Tax ""
America  s Share of Mubarak  s Legacy Egypt
Cake ( 2 ) Dessert Cake
Curses and Metaphysics Psychic Curse
Hitler and Himmler Two Vatican
Nato's Libya : A Fine Mess Libya NATO
August Six 1945 - Hiroshima , Nuclear Terrorism Nagasaki Hiroshima
The Thin Line Between Guilt and Innocence Libya
Al-qaida Calls for More Attacks on Embassies Yemen Libya
Cm Punk Backhands Fan During WWE Monday Night Raw WWE
USA : Big Decision Time BarackObama
Inside Look : Cremation & amp ; Ancient Cremation Cremation rituals
Hundreds of French Troops Drive Back Mali Rebels Mali France
Nerpa Nuclear Sub Captain Found Not Guilty of Deaths of 20 People Submarine
Obama Stresses Syria Chemical Weapons Worries in Call with Putin Syria
Had lunch with an elderly man who served in WW2 ! Complimented my writing as we shared stories ! Nothing but respect for those who served ...
I took a survey and was rewarded with $ 0.75 . There are 8 daily surveys available !
Seth - I don't know if you read your own tweets - but we would like to speak to you - if at all possible .
Friday on cbcfifth Pot Fiction : Everyone knows marijuana is illegal . So why does Canada seem to be awash in pot ?
And of course we could ... Smile . It's what we teach .
Introduce yourself - A Social network for the Cannabis Community .
we expect better out of arguments . Back your statements with facts please . We used to believe like you until learning
you mean Denver , WA or OR ... he's smoke signaling .
CANNABIS NEWS - INTEGRITY TRIBUNE News from CIA - HOT OFF THE PRESS cannabis mmj
CANNABIS NEWS - INTEGRITY TRIBUNE News from CIA - HOT OFF THE PRESS arthritis
CANNABIS NEWS - INTEGRITY TRIBUNE News from CIA - HOT OFF THE PRESS
CANNABIS NEWS - INTEGRITY TRIBUNE News from CIA - HOT OFF THE PRESS
CANNABIS NEWS - INTEGRITY TRIBUNE News from CIA - HOT OFF THE PRESS
CANNABIS NEWS - INTEGRITY TRIBUNE News from CIA - HOT OFF THE PRESS from sponsors
CANNABIS NEWS - INTEGRITY TRIBUNE News from CIA - HOT OFF THE PRESS
CANNABIS NEWS - INTEGRITY TRIBUNE News from CIA - HOT OFF THE PRESS marijuana
Drinking a Guinness Black Lager by Camp Zama Bldg 552
Drinking a Teikoku IPA by Hojjisu teitaku
Bumming around Tokyo Midtown . ( @ ( Tokyo in , )
I just earned the ' Photogenic Brew ( Level 6 ) ' badge on
I just earned the ' God Save the Queen ( Level 7 ) ' badge on
Drinking an Accumulation by patriot Landing
My fitbit Fitstats_en_US for 1/14 / 2016 : 10,797 steps and 5.5 miles traveled .
My fitbit Fitstats_en_US for 3/17 / 2016 : 6,676 steps and 3.1 miles traveled .
Drinking a Punch In The Face IPA by Tipping Point Tavern Tipping Point Tavern
Drinking a Soothsayer by patriot Landing
I just earned the ' Brewnettes Have More Fun ( Level 6 ) ' badge on
Drinking an Orval by Brasserie d'Orval Wiesbaden Lodge
I just earned the ' Das Boot ( Level 17 ) ' badge on
Drinking a Troubadour Imperial Stout by Hodges Wohnung
Drinking a Hoegaarden Radler Lemon & amp ; Lime by Brouwerij van Hoegaarden Hodges Wohnung
I just earned the ' Sky's the Limit ( Level 16 ) ' badge on
I just earned the ' Photogenic Brew ( Level 10 ) ' badge on
Found some cherry blossoms in Rome , so had to get a pic for all my
Enjoying a nice day at the playground ! Sonnenberg , Hessen , Germany
Drinking a Barbr by The Cherlock Pub
My fitbit Fitstats_en_US for 7/11 / 2017 : 13,657 steps and 6.3 miles traveled .
Drinking a Irlbacher Premium Schlossherrn Weisse Dunkel by Schlossbrauerei Irlbach Hodges Wohnung
I just earned the ' God Save the Queen ( Level 9 ) ' badge on
Lets go Hokies ! ! - Drinking a Trappist Westvleteren 12 Hodges Wohnung -
Drinking a Lottrup American Lager by Ceres LEGOREDO Town
My fitbit Fitstats_en_US for 11/08 / 2017 : 3,643 steps and 1.7 miles traveled .
I just earned the ' Pucker Up ( Level 5 ) ' badge on
I just earned the ' God Save the Queen ( Level 13 ) ' badge on
Cycling fans ReTweet this and let everyone know that we're on the air with Tour de Suisse Stage 9 coverage !
Nebraska Democrats say at least 2 voters at separate polling places got ballots already filled out for Romney - htt ...
Someone from should probably google the flags of USA and Russia . SochiProblems
Just retweet for your chance to win a $ 100 Amazon gift card . noobitup
Retweet if you prefer over Donald Trump as President of the United States . I'm in !
SUPPLIES WILL BE DONATED FOR ANIMAL WOUNDCARE by Miller's Equine SonomaFires
Waheyyyyy TOM SHIRTLESS WHOO HOO ! ! ! !
everything I do it's all for you !
hahaha keep watching the twitcam then you'll see
Omg Yes ! ! I loved that show
ouch how bad is it
really ? it looked a decent size
Got to see my baby today It was so great ... Didnt wanna let her go it was the hardest thing ever this really sucks :(
Yay love the pics ! ! ! Nice job Allie ! ! :)
ahh Ive got so much reading to do omg ! !
That just pissed me the hell off and Im not even the one it happened to -_-
Ok you're freaking me out Wtf are you talking about ? !
ooh did you do anything fun over break .. and thats ok Im used to it
Dave today Nathan tomorrow they ; re a day apart and both sing perfection
Good Watch Revenge you will love it oh and Elemetary Such good show ! !
Your greedy eyes upon me and then I come undone
Why does everything have to be so damn complicated
Trollies always remind me of Mr . Rogers neighborhood , It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood !
"" @jessijoann I need a glass of wine ... or maybe the whole bottle ... probably make that 2 bottles and call it good ""
I turn on pandora and the first song that comes on is I'll be your strenght ! Are you freaking kidding me ! !
there's witches ghouls and goblins for that not scary kill u in your sleep clowns lol
The live tweeting by and is life ! ! ! ChicagoPD
My TeenChoice nominee for ChoiceActionMovieActress is Michelle rodriguez
NickJonasOnAMAs Omg yes ! ! ! Go AMAs
It cost $ 0.00 to not be a sucky person
Yes Emma ! ! Oscars
May the fourth be with you StarWarsDay
Yankees are killing it ! ! Yankees
Finally my hands are getting warm !
Because im not that huge And can walk .. so if you please .. stop trying to run me over in your fat mover . See Bitchy i know . People .. Ugh !
Ugh ! ! ! My crew is not getting along tonight . FUCK ! ! !
Dinner at olive garden with only Eight kids ... Should be a cake walk .
If sex is a pain in the ass , then you're doing it wrong ...... just saying ...
Everything in your life is temporary ... , everything ...
Coffee and trick an treating . How grand ! ! ! !
My favorite part of the day ... ' BED TIME ' ! ! ! ! Not for me .. but my crew .. now I can start drinking ... "" POP "" ... FIZZ "" Ahhhh .... YUM ! ! !
... with Dalila by my side .....
Aw , did I step on your poor little bitty ego ? Did I mention the kick in the groin you'll be receiving if you touch me ?
no doubt .... some day right . Please don't be alarmed if I show up at your door step { ;
As I crawl to the crypt on this cold winter nite , the snow is still falling out my window , so maybe a snow day tomorrow after all Crreakkk ..
( ( ( SMOOCH ) ) )
~ Foot note ... it housed a full size bed not a queen ... GRRRRR ! ! ! !
I asked Greg what keeps old people together .... his reply "" glue Karen "" hmm ok ... o . 0
It was 0_0 . Ok well then I will bring the canned beans & gin . We will party like the world is ending lol shaking head
When the lights go down in the California town .... People are in for the evening .... My heart beatin ' time with my breathin '
How odd . . . Do gals not dig comics ? What a shame ... Missing out ~ But hey , we named our first daughter Mystique . Yes really .
I love how I still carry crayons in my bag just in case . Now a little granddaughter is happy for the car drive (-=
You rock doll maker =D
No matter what age you are .. our children will always and forever by our time keepers .
So in need of a break from this town . . . . now where did I leave that big bag of money ? ? ? ?
Come on Denver . . . 2x ?
Hmmm ... Well know ... I was just Schooled ....
No such thing as a good fucking deed ! ! ! ! !
Oh ... the joys of being home .... Vacation is officially .... over = c
Tess wears this .. she says with all she went through ... She always gives her strength ..... Love you Heidi
I wish the same thing =)
The baby's first hair cut is always a little sad
Living the dream ! ! !
hahaha yes . you know i live life on the edge .
woo hoo ! you're a webinar superstar !
hahaha butmaybeitshould Solving work problems got a LOT easier once I learned KISS doesn't mean "" Keep it sassy , sexy "" .
So many passionate , inspiring people here today at the BivonaSummit
Another busy day at the gotri regional board training ! girlsontherun
= = = = > 200 NEW FREE LEADS IN JUST TWO WEEKS For Your Pampered Chef Business ! - MUST READ ! - - - - - >
HAVE YOU SEEN THIS MEMORIAL DAY PHOTO ? - - - >
Coach Mikey Presents Social Pro Revolution Naymz Community Social Media Training Tip : via
I liked a video from How To Use Hootsuite - Beginners Tutorial
> > Get As Many Leads Prospects and Sales On Demand As You Want , Free For Your Infinity Business - >
> > Get As Many Leads Prospects and Sales On Demand As You Want , Free For Your MultiLevelMarketing Biz - > https://t.co / yITNp 9AV1i
> > Get As Many Leads Prospects and Sales On Demand As You Want , Free For Your MaryKay Business - > https://t.co / kqaA 8J4JSN
> > Get As Many Leads Prospects and Sales On Demand As You Want , Free For Your GetLeads Business - > https://t.co / yITNp 9AV1i
> > Get As Many Leads Prospects and Sales On Demand As You Want , Free For Your Coaching Business - >
- - - - - > "" Generate As Many Leads and Sales On Demand As You Want , For Your PrePaidLegal "" . - - - >
> > Get As Many Leads Prospects and Sales On Demand As You Want , Free For Your PowerLeadSystem Biz - > https://t.co / yITNp 9AV1i
> > Get As Many Leads Prospects and Sales On Demand As You Want , Free For Your MLM Business - > https://t.co / yITNp 9jjCI
> > Get As Many Leads Prospects and Sales On Demand As You Want , Free For Your MaryKay Business - > https://t.co / yITNp 9AV1i
- - - - - > "" Generate As Many Leads and Sales On Demand As You Want , For Your Melaleuca Business "" . - - - >
- - - - > Do 98 % Of People Really FAIL In Producing Income On The Internet ? - - - >
> > Get As Many Leads Prospects and Sales On Demand As You Want , Free For Your Tupperware Biz - >
> > Get As Many Leads Prospects and Sales On Demand As You Want , Free For Your OrigamiOwl Business - > https://t.co / yITNp 9AV1i
I liked a video Top 7 Must Have WordPress Plugins - Killer !
- - - - > summer Is Here Take as Much Of photo You Like With your new gadgets tech technews win - - - - >
> > Get As Many Leads Prospects and Sales On Demand As You Want , Free For Your TahitianNoni Biz - >
> > Get As Many Leads Prospects and Sales On Demand As You Want , Free For Your MCA Business - > https://t.co / yITNp 9AV1i
Have you seen this yet ? Awesome new system for making money online
Use PromoCode "" newmail "" for $ 100 in Great Advertising ! Join Email-Hog today !
don't press red buttons GoodAdviceIn 4Words
make my day and follow me ? CamComeThrough
did the reactions for the sunshine video turn out exactly how you wanted
I love watching Howl's Moving Castle .
Oh , the Places You'll Go on my Yacht RichBooks
A2 : Not yet but I am eager to see the amazing deals and goodies that they will offer ! GameStopBF
Free Iphone 6 , just join and earn at
Join for an instant free ipad
The first Gold Medal of the Rio Olympics belongs to Ginny Thrasher ! ! Rio 2016
Entertainment Weekly reported yesterday that he'd been "" suspended "" , not fired . Have you confirmed ?
If there's anyone who shouldn't be trusted with our intelligence info , it's Donald Trump .
We now know that Trump supports government mandated healthcare and amnesty for illegals . Why does he have an ( R ) behind
This was just crazy ! This kid should really man up , because his arguments were as lame as they come .
Joel Osteen Apologizes For Using Lords Name In Sermon
Moderate Moderators ? * snort * Commission names moderators for presidential debates
Full Forum : Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Commander in Chief Forum 9/7 / 16 NBC September 7 , 2016 via
"" #Facts are stubborn things "" "" Be Informed "" TrumpSupporters LowInformation unengaged TooMuchTV htt
I can't uh stand uh when people interrupt themselves .
No joke : Saudi Arabia is running for the UN Human Rights Counciland their campaign brochure cites the Saudi record on . .
Things are going to come to a head pretty soon , I'm afraid .
LH not stopping him worked in HRC's favor . LH made feeble attempts , allowing DT to look like bully .
I plan to come out of 2016 with clean hands and my dignity intact . So I StandUpWithEvan The only sane candidate . NeverH
JOIN THE REVOLUTION TO DEFEAT BOTH TRUMP AND CLINTON - - @TeamMcMullin StandUpWithEvan Evan 2016
What was missing from event tonight ? - Racism - Mysogony - Empty slogans - Hate - Ridicule - Fear mongering Le
Don't defend the indefensible : it wasn't "" locker room talk . "" He said he sexually assaulted women and got away with it becau
Nestle recalls Drumsticks for possible listeria contamination via
In a stunning reversal , theologian pulls back support from Donald Trump
Life is precious and we have a responsibility to protect it McMullinFinn 2016
If you think Donald Trump is pro-life you are incredibly naive . This is his own version of the Apprentice . He is trying t
Intolerant protesters at Columbia U have torn down posters announcing my lecture on guess what ? Campus intolerance .
Hmm .. 13 electoral votes ... I'm thinking get Colorado ( they didn't pick H or T in primaries ) make it 22 ....
Utah Conservative Greatest Ambition = become Husband & amp ; Father , via
FDR Was Another President with a Greatness Plan | Jay Stooksberry via
Here is the "" romantic figure "" ( In the words of tonight ) FidelCastro shooting someone in the head .
This is how conservatives ( in this case Bill Buckley ) used to respond to the type of anti-American moral equivalency T
You can tell a lot about a person by their enemies . The same is true for organizations . via
Tips For Giving In Times Of Crisis : Charity Navigator
Every nigga about guns now Whatever happened to the niggas that throw hands
Kinda aggravated . Kinda satisfied . Kinda stupid . Oh well , im a girl
Partying and turning up every weekend ain't for me , I do it every once in awhile just to get out of the house .
I don't have a lot of friends I just know a lot of people
Why y'all trying to prove that y'all know the answer ? ? All y'all failed the last test ! So who you trying to impress more than the teacher ?
That's also to anyone else who chooses to be disrespectful I don't got time for those type of ppl in my life .
That's So Raven is on ! ! ! !
First off , FAMU I Love thee
Tonight , we see the lengths that STL is going through to cover up the killing of Michael Brown . Ferguson
Yes ! When nobody else will !
Paul's mic is not on . They tried him with the Michelle treatment .
point You're just reaching and I'm not gonna go back and forth with ppl who won't listen . Lol .
it ain't over till the fat lady sing ! ! ! !
never felt so tired in my life
"" 3 1/2 Minutes , 10 Bullets "" - a documentary on the murder of JordanDavis :
I will make a note of that . You know I don't like white men tho ...
& amp ; I got this stain on my shirt so I look like my life is in disarray . Smh
Its time guys ! famugrad 2015 FamuGraduation GettinExcited Bragg Memorial Stadium
Angie ! ! ! I love you !
I love the fact that the new Roots premieres today . so appropriate .
this is why you need to go to college . so you don't spell debt wrong twice .
So we just going to forget about this one ? RIPVine
Kill him Lana ! You know how it go ! #AHSRoanoke
The look she makes when she loves you to death , but everything you do makes her sick .
Thissssssssss ! ! ! !
Draya in the kitchen after reading her mentions & amp ; snap comments
if we both goofy then the relationship gone be fun af
I posted a new video to Facebook
Who going with me to see this movie before Sunday midnight ?
The white guys cases went to the State Supreme Court . Hmmmmmmmmm . The Black and Hispanic guys cases ...
Democrats Show In One Video How They Will Use Trump To Win Back Congress In 2018
Psalm 143:7- 12 NLT 7 Come quickly , LORD , and answer me , for my depression deepens . Dont turn away from me , or I ...
God has called you to the world Christian , not just to your house . Go forth and do good to those of the household of faith .
Lauren and Ken , what a wonderful day God gave you to say "" I Do "" on .
The best bit is when the second son of the first of 3 wives of the lady parts grabbing teen ogler says "" morality has gone o
It is an undeniable truth that until several white kids are killed by cops , DAs , politicians and juries will not change .
Communion Sunday "" White Party "" Scripture Isaiah 53 New Living Translation ( NLT ) 53 Who has believed our ...
McCain surely not the only American getting a procedure done before GOP votes to repeal Obamacare .
Who can you COGIC and Baptist get behind , raise some money for and elect to this seat in TN ?
"" Don't forget , Trump offered to pay legal fees for those who attacked protesters at his rallies . Will he
Your Sweet Beverage / Soda Tax hard at work . If your citizenship is questionable how are you allowed near children ...
The NBA Believes Its Players Have ' Real Power , ' And Is Encouraging Them To Speak Out On Social Issues
Caught REDHANDED , and here's to hoping some Russian money can be traced to Paul that was loaned to or given to ...
Most Americans dont realize that Puerto Rico is a U . S . territory and that its residents are U . S . citizens .
First time being Baptized ! Corporate Worship is a beautiful thing ! ! Cleansed & amp ; Reborn in JESUS name ! ! WholeHeartedly
The Class of 2018 Presidential Management Fellows ( PMF ) Program application launched today ( at Noon ( Eastern ...
Campaign For Working Families 2nd Annual Fundraiser and I sat with United Way leaders and Melba Welborn
Just finished a quick radio interview at one of the two Black owned radio stations here in Waterloo , Iowa .
My week on Twitter : 2 Mentions , 8 Favorited , 1 Retweet , 146 Retweet Reach , 1 New Follower , 1 Reply . See yours wit
DEVOTION FOR WEDNESDAY , DECEMBER 20 , 2017 John 1:13 , 1418 GOD TABERNACLES AMONG US All four Gospels provide ...
fav if you really love me
VOTE FOR TrYH emote for Left - - - - FAV for Right
Cupcake did a tutorial on removing map packs from aw .
Ok here it is . Use it quickly . UNT 4G - N0W - L0L
When did I turn into such a rebel ? X )
you texted me this morning :P
twitter missed you ! :p
Boyfriend is heading back to Soccoro now :( at least I have plans so I won't be sad :)
That moment when you wake up thinking "" at least its Friday "" on Thursday D:
Thinking about who I was a year ago and getting emotional because I've changed so much for the better since then .
My boyfriend still hasn't texted me hahahahahaha * cries *
I'm meeting my girlfriends family in a month and I'm already freaking out
In a relationship I think my biggest flaw is that I'm extremely needy & amp ; sensitive , I constantly need to feel the love or I
i can barely find my phone in the dark
Mom : "" How are your classes going ? "" Me : "" They're good "" Narrator : "" They were not good ""
Follow Radio Night Italy On Web
WATCH : "" Lou Anthony on his single ' All My Life ' "" Nov 10
EducateAChildInitiative A2 . I helped a friend with books & amp ; in studies because he couldn't afford . he's no
Let's Steak Out The Strip StackRestaurantBar in LasVegas
This is how a 7-9 month old rohingya kid is tortured . I don't have the heart to see this in full R
InventHelp Reviews And Why George Foreman is the Perfect Spokesperson inventhelpreviews - Ple
FeedMen are lists of the best gadgets , products , and reviews for men . We also provide men tips and advice for men .
GlassSexToy , GlassDildos , Dildos , GlassDildoReview , BestGlassDildo , GlassVibrator , BestGlas
Klasman 3 / Ma 5 [ PS4 ] [ 1080P ] Rosario CF - Real Sociedad [Efsanevi] Video Link : https://t.co / 7XROXNznOQ JoinUs : https://t.co /
The target acquisition we have a verbal agreement with is a holding company with several entities read
Been very busy ! Will be releasing a progress update Today / Tomorrow $ GRDO $ MSMY
- - victors 10000 Yo
What can be better in this life than a classy , intelligent , hilarious , warm hearted , gracious , gorgeous woman .
| Nuevo material discogrfico de ya disponible en descarg
Moved Putlocker to Please Share ! putlocker 9 putlocker _9
9 of the Worlds Biggest Animals via
Coba Bakar Barang Elektronik ( Try to Burn Electronic Stuffs ): melalui
"" Frida la perrita de la marina salvando una familia de gatitos . Con sus lentes y sus botitas y su chaleco "" FuerzaMxico P
Get the most accurate attorneys email list . Get free samples here :
We will write you a professional business plan to your satisfaction
App per rimuovere brufoli e ringiovanire il viso app iphone android cellulare telefonino v
Why 10 Apps Are Better Than One : The Radical Democratization of the App Economy . MakeAnApp AppMakr
_ _ 2018 sex _
To from ( Part of PadMan Scene ) . 51 Days More be ready Akkians ( 26.01 . 2018 ) !
36 days left before AKA Black Business Directory is open to our black sisters and brothers use this lin
Hoy os ofrecemos uno de los smartphones mas impresionantes del momento , a un precio histrico : 268 Xiaomi Mi note 2
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Top stories today via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Top stories today via
Companies Hiring in May 7 100 + opportunities that pay $ 40,000 or more job career
Top 20 Hiring in June 2012 1 hiring Security IT HR Management Sales Professionals Nationwide ! job
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Top stories today via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Top stories today via
Now hiring : Entry Level Security Officer - Northern Virginia
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Top stories today via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Top stories today via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Top stories today via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Top stories today via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Stories via
I couldn't come up with a better tweet , so borrowing from Sandy & amp ; Leo almost pooped themselves . EllenSurprise Oscars
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Stories via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Stories via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Stories via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Stories via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Stories via
Not all followers are good leaders , but all good leaders are good followers .
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Stories via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Stories via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Stories via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Stories via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Stories via
Shanna's HR and Business Daily is out ! Stories via
The latest Shanna's HR and Business Daily ! Thanks to rncincle hr
The latest Shanna's HR and Business Daily ! hr bigdata
The latest Shanna's HR and Business Daily ! Thanks to bigdata hr
The latest Shanna's HR and Business Daily ! Thanks to leadership healthcarehr
The latest Shanna's HR and Business Daily ! Thanks to hr hrblogs
The latest Shanna's HR and Business Daily ! Thanks to hr leadership
The latest Shanna's HR and Business Daily ! Thanks to hr leadership
I dont like Bing . Its pretentious .
Yes I am eating Halloween Capn Crunch Cereal here at work for lunch , dont look at me like that .
Okay MorningJoe if Obama was such a Pinko Commie then those profits you see on Wall Street would be going to the right place our wallets .
CPAC Participant Defends Slavery At Minority Outreach Panel : It Gave Food And Shelter To Blacks via
CNN : Koch Brothers Fund the Tea Party via
Tom Brady , Danny Amendola work out at USC
65 % believe country would be better off if more women held political office , an poll finds
cause slavs were non whites in Hitler's book .
In Sanford-Colbert Busch SouthCarolina race , a test of how much infidelity matters in South : via
Loser 3 Doors Down NowPlaying
For Palin , it's about protecting white people .
GOP has ' smart ' solutions ' yea right ! lol !
Geronimo Narciso , Truck Driver Dies After Accidentally Shooting Off Own Penis via Ouch !
YouMightBeARepublican If you demonize a single mother for $ 4 / day in food stamps but give a pass to oil company $ 4 billion
Ted Cruz Angers House GOP By Conceding Defeat On Obamacare Repeal via
HAH ! Government did a poor job on A private firm mightve been worse . Obam
Calm down . We'll fix the website . Give 40 million uninsured Americans a chance at health care . GOPDon
Stephen Colbert passionately defends bigotry of backwoods Louisiana bird-murderer | The Raw Story
Rep Annie Kuster Releases Middle Class Jobs And Opportunity Agenda - NH Labor News via
Good Night Everyone , Peace What Is And What Should Never Be Led Zeppelin NowPlaying
Banned license plates in New Hampshire | WMUR Home - Automotive via
Pope Says Children at U . S . Border Must Be ' Welcomed and Protected ' via
R . I . P . Joe You Can Leave Your Hat On Joe Cocker NowPlaying
Trevor Noah : Where Is GOP's ' Pro-Life Passion ' After Mass Shootings ? The best Noah clip so far .
NowPlaying If The Stars Were Mine by Melody Gardot
John Oliver unleashed hell on Republicans trying to distance themselves from Trump via
NowPlaying Breakfast In America - Remastered Version / 2010 by Supertramp
This is not normal . This is not normal This is not nor State Department website promotes Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort : ht
7 sailors dead on the Fitzgerald , Trump wakes up tweeting that he's a victim .
The Cheap Prosperity Gospel of Trump and Osteen
. @flotus was going to make it her work to stop cyber bullying - she should start by containing trump and shoul
I found this video of Donald Trump signing a $ 20M deal with Russian billionaire Aras Agalarov , a staunch ally of Putin . This is
you're gaaaay and never answered all my texts !
If you haven't seen Valkyrie yet you should ! Great movie !
HAPPY AS A BIRD WITH A FRENCH FRY ; ; TUMMY FEELIN A BIT BETTER ; ; TWO & & A HALF DAYS TILL I SEE HER AGAIN ; ; LOVIN ME SOM ...
TICKETS BOUGHT FOR NEW MOON TONIGHT ; ;D OING A LITTLE SHOPPING ; ; THEN GOING HOME AND RELAXING [ [ DEO AMHAIN ; ; SOUL BRISTE ] ]
BACK AT WORK ; ; SHORT DAY FOR ME THOUGH ; ;D R AT TWO ; ; GYM LATER THIS EVENING ; ; TEXT IT 409.291.0653 [ [ 24 DAYS TIL NY ! ] ]
WORKIN ON MY HISTORY CLASS FOR A BIT ; ; LIVIN & & LOVIN MY LIFE ; ; JUST KEEPS GETTING BETTER (: [ [ 3 DAYS TILL NY ! ] ]
Every time I walk in my room I dread trying to figure out how I'm gonna get everything I need shipped to Hawaii and done for CHEAP !
Criminal is under arrest ! Fight the gangs in the streets of London ! GameInsight Android AndroidGames
Help me raise funds for Children's Cancer Research fund ! In memory of my sister !
My greatest fear is to turn a girl into bad girl ...
shh , brain no . it's way too early to be thinking . go . back . to . sleep .
our news is too big to fit in one tweet read below ! ! !
mum : ur room is such a mess me : mum its grunge not a mess mum : ur room is such a grunge now clean it . ok my mum isn't tumblr
it wouldn't be an award show without i commentating / fangirling in all caps via text
Doge you wish your girlfriend was hot like me
i need food in my belly .. pronto .
do you guys like my drawing it's 100 % accurate #ask5sos ShesKindaHotVMA
CANT STOP WONT STOP ShesKindaHotVMA
Getting our lead back and maintaining it without 5SOS ' help .. You guys are fucking AMAZING ! ShesKindaHotVMA
found out ON stage tonight we won a moonman . incredible . thank you so much MTV but especially thanks to everyone for votin
stop giving so many fucks about what other people do . their shit is their shit and your shit is your shit . DONT TOUCH MY S
me as soon as i get home : makeup off , sweats on
fun date idea : we go to the animal shelter and adopt every dog
"" internet friendships are not real "" rt if this is a lie and you've made amazing friends on the internet
I like shoes more than I like most people
i've worked out three days in a row and i am super proud of myself but i am so sore
i love a good man bun
I'm so excited to see Harry's hair , I'm sure I'll want to lick my phone screen
idc if ur following me or not , if u see this on ur timeline : smile ! bc life is too short to not be happy n stuff and ily
can i just say the soundtrack from stranger things is absolutely fabulous .
i just need another hit you're the thing that i can't quit
i'm in love with the shape of you
i whisper things , the city sings them back to you
awe mac and ariana are so cute omg OneLoveManchester
Open this picture for a surprise
Women's Ensemble represented Roosevelt today by winning 1st place Gold I'm so proud of my girls love u all make us proud next year
If the media reports are true , the President of the United States just confirmed a CIA covert action program . On Twitter . htt
Love and hate sleeping until noon
Scientists are having to leak data before our government can hide it . Where have I heard this before ?
Stop saying that the rhetoric and policy of this administration arent more dangerous . Exhibit A , tonight :
I'm gonna save crocs like chance the rapper saved soundcloud
Arnold Schwarzenegger : Growing up in Austria , I knew Nazis ... "" they're burning in hell . ""
Thinking about some of the things my mom exposed me to as a child makes me sick
THIS is why you should speak up if you have a platform . It's so important and it matters more than you think .
When you have two "" once every 500 years "" storms IN THE SAME WEEK it is time to acknowledge the climate has changed .
So Trump thinks NAZIS with guns are exercising free speech but a citizen criticizing HIM isn't ?
The only one I liked was called Total Rickall and I stopped enjoying it when they started killing the parasite lol
Flint : We need clean water . Houston : We need help recovering . Puerto Rico : We need electricity . Trump : Tell Steph he cant
Poor leadership would be hiding at a country club golfing while fellow Americans are suffering and dying . She's not doing that .
People had guns at the concert and they were completely useless . Introducing more weapons into c
Imagine needing recognition for doing EXACTLY what a President is supposed to do
Fleetwood Mac photographed by Sam Emerson in 1979 .
harry styles was sexually assault by a female at a benefit concert *
We now have 8 people working 4 trump's campaign that met or spoke with Russians and there are still republicans who say
Finn is CLEARLY uncomfortable with how yall sexualize the fuck out of him as if hes not a fucking child . Yall need help f
Freaking smile you beautiful boy
BREAKING : The Keystone Pipeline leaked 210,000 gallons of oil in South Dakota . The pipeline has been temporarily shut down .
take me to this alternate universe
Matt Lauer lost his job . Charlie Rose lost his job . Mark Halperin lost his job . Glenn Thrush lost his job . Billy Bush lost
Beyonc LITERALLY SAID IN THE FUCKING SPEECH that racism is so interwoven in the fabric of our country that when we pr
Believe me when I say shes only gotten hotter
Siri , define white privilege
Last tweet today I swear : Price break on rare packs - visit Bonus errorcard collecting
New Vintage SWCT award is sweet ! StarWars thehobby collecting collect Visit :
+ Follow to enter to win a MINI box of the newly released 2016 Topps Finest Baseball . 2 Winners picked Monday
What's his favorite set ? .
Come on guys ... release the SWCT VIP Program ...
So ... you like to suffer ... hahahaha .
Dear God . Seems like Mr . didn't hear you but ... Yes yes yes ! ! ! . Thanks ! ! SWCT
No . Didn't open a single pack .
Would be great if you write something about the 1977 Remastered . No award announced and harder every day .
SWCT .... I'll miss the 5 pm EST stress ...
Bounty Luke Skywalker via swct
People are losing interest in this set . I know it's 7,500 credits but IMO these cards are awesome ! I'm just waiting for Parallax
They're making it clear , cash rules everything around swct
Mmmm .... the award for having all greens ? . Sounds .... I don't know actually .
wow . This card is SICK !
10,000 credits pack , increasing odds up to 1:120 . Good luck ! ! ! .
SWCT friends & amp ; strangers : trading any & amp ; all unlocked TFA preview cards 1:1 for TFA preview cards you don't want . No BS . Same na
I know ! ! . I would really like to know what's happening there .
Well ... Not surprised the Meditation Chamber Card ended up on ... But OMG I'm in tears ! SWCT
Custom Making Of Mondays : The At-At Walkers SWCT
SWCT ... and the feed will be greedier than ever ! Please make an orange / green card of both !
Check out the sneak peek !
Not sure if they meant to but Everyone got the Full Walker Kills set for Free ! !
7:05 PM . Son is winning for 87 votes . This will be a coin toss ...
basically anyone who doesn't pay for access isn't worthy of an award . Nice way to treat 90 % of your users
Stop the banning ! We need to band together , unite and fight against this ! Please RT !
I only have 31 tkts so I play the 5 one . Always cash out at 2 strikes no matter amount of coins . Only have pulled 2 base cards .
I think the new Marathon in SWCT will be unveiled next monday with the Vintage Visions drop ...
Why is it that I can't see the Walker Hall of Fame cards in my device or anyone else's ? Thanks in advance
Didn't get that . I was soooooo close
I thought we were having the 3rd Marathon today
Everything works fine now in iPhone 8 +
Foursquare Will Get 1 Million Users Faster Than Twitter Did by
Personal Data Mining : Government & amp ; Business Share Blame - When it comes to personal information , don't expect go ...
Signed up for my first MOOC ! bonkopen
it's really important for those of us who can to stand up , speak , be counted especially because we represent those of us who can not
this is satisfying . let's keep the pressure up .
french fries with hot mustard sauce ... now i need to go to mcdonalds
Like if you're basing your entire career on destroying a policy that helps millions of people , the least you can do is get the name right .
We must say it NOW , not tomorrow : if Trump initiates a pretextual , premature Second Korean War , thousands of Japanese and
my science march is filled with truffula trees
We've all been there .
And was the yes vote that put the bill over the top . Take out your frustration by donating to his challenger . htt
It is fucking Jeff sessions who recommended trump fires Comey . The guy who lied about Russia recommended firing who is inve
We wondered why so many people were looking at this definition .
Andy McCabe now oversees the investigation the President doesn't like . He proclaimed loyalty to the law yesterday . Let's
This is dangerous and reckless . GOP must put country before party and demand an independent investigation and special pr
Rep . Al Green ( D-TX ) on the House floor calls for President Trump to be impeached
Trump Tax Plan Would Give 400 Highest-Income Americans More Than $ 15 Million a Year in Tax Cuts .
Emotional message from James Corden on the tragedy in Manchester . Take the time to watch .
C O V F BENGHAZI F E
but android phones all look different
I JUST WANTED A VIDEO OF THE CATS PLAYING AND THEN ? ! ! ! ? ?
anecdote : i almost quit the show around the S6 - S7 , BUT i held on and it's a good thing i did because
open the window , sleep without covers , get a small fan to blow at your face , freeze water bottles or i
though I imagine real ww2 - era nazis would find their party-city-sourced cosplay pretty pathetic
Heather Heyer's favorite color was purple . Do not forget what she stood for . She'll be remembered as being on the right sid
In spirit of parity , we require Russia to close its consulate in SF , chancery annex in DC , and consular annex in NYC by Sep
Holy fuck They are evacuating Kaiser in Santa Rosa I mean , staff are taking their own cars and driving off with patients Fire
* unironically tries to support Trump by making Nixon comparisons *
I found it , the worst idea
"" art students have it easy ! "" okay but have you ever put together an art portfolio ? oh , you can't draw ? o
Anyone know of a good microphone to use for recording ? Going to start making youtube videos and need advice .
I added a video to a playlist Let's Play Pokemon Fire Red Omega Nuzlocke part 5 : Grinding plus
I liked a video from Pokmon Glazed Nuzlocke w / TheKingNappy ! - Ep 9 "" Explosive
I liked a video Mass Effect RPG ( Bravo Squad ) - Session 1 ( Pt . 2/4 ) The Vault
I added a video to a playlist Let's Play Dragon Age Origins part 35 : More Talking to Companions
Ah okay . If they announce those things for that console , I'll be so angry . We just got a PS4 and sold our PS3 games
I liked a video Blind Commentary - Avatar : The Last Airbender S01E03 - The Southern Air Temple
Mass Effect Tabletop RPG - Session 9 ( Pt . 4/4 ) Collision : via
I liked a video Blind Reaction : Fairy Tail Episode 18 "" Reach the Sky Above ""
I liked a video from Pokmon Super Mystery Dungeon w / TheKingNappy + GameboyLuke ! - Ep
I added a video to a playlist Mass Effect RPG ( Bravo Squad ) - Session 5 ( Pt . 4/4 ) Rescue
I added a video to a playlist Mass Effect RPG ( Bravo Squad ) - Session 7 ( Pt . 4/4 ) Lun's Souvenir
videogamegirl 024 ' s Live PS4 Broadcast part 2 : via
I added a video to a playlist Let's Play Mass Effect part 58 : Stupid Corporate Bull
Let's Play Elder Scrolls V Skyrim part 15 : What's Wrong With My Shouts ? ? : via
I added a video to a playlist Redirect to Fairy Tail Reaction Episode 2 : Fire Dragon , Monkey , and
I liked a video from STEVEN UNVERSE SEASON 3 EPISODE 6 STEVEN FLOATS
I liked a video from Pokmon Sun & amp ; Moon Let's Play w / TheKingNappy ! - Ep 1 "" MY
EMERGENCY STREAM ! HACKER ALERT ! via
Blind Reaction to The Seven Deadly Sins Episode 19 : via
Redirect to Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood Blind Reaction Episode 6 : via
I added a video to a playlist Let's Play Mass Effect Andromeda Blind part 13 : Getting to Know the
I added a video to a playlist Blind Reaction to No Game No Life Episode 4
Redirect to Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood Blind Reaction Episode 40 : via
Redirect to Full Metal Panic Blind Reaction Episode 12 : via
I added a video to a playlist Blind Reaction to Death Note Episode 22
I added a video to a playlist Redirect to Naruto Reaction Episode 9
Water solenoids for Fischer brand processors only $ 80 list today . Must mention Twitter when ordering .
Lumen Vet LED Light Therapy Wand coming soon for Veterinary use . Follow us for details .
Be at peace on your path and may it lead to your beautiful future peace journeys via
SEATTLE , WASHINGTON February 7 , 2016
Be The Same Person Privately , Publically And Personally .
. @BernieSanders is so full of compassion for others . A huge reason why we have so much Love 4Bernie & amp ; FeelTheBern
56 days in 2016 28 mass shootings in 2016
This red onion was cut in half & amp ; didn't give up . Be like a red onion . Never give up , no matter what life does to you
BlackLivesMatter ImNotWithHer HillNo TNTweeters HistoryByHillary
NEW our Spring SALE ! NOW 25 % off Extra Spring Sale ! Sonatini from $ 23.10 for $ 14,00
I decided to fly through the air and live in the sunlight and enjoy life as much as I could . quote by E . Knievel
All things are difficult before they are easy . - Thomas Fuller quote
Have a beautiful Tuesday Friends ! :)
The violence that killed Alton Sterling and Philando Castile has become an all too common occurrence for people of color
Have a lovely Tuesday !
1st debate is over . Trump had all the poise of a confused adolescent . Petulant . Long on opinion . Very short on knowledge .
SEAHAWKS WIN ! Seattle comes back from behind to beat Atlanta 26-24 .
Knock knock . Canada : Who's there ? Bitches . Canada : Bitches who ? Bitches the Cat . Now let me the fuck in .
Green Thursday ! Getting some double takes representing the all the way from Pittsburgh . ActionGreen WeAre 1
"" You deserve happiness . "" - Angels
Best news of the day : Ryan saying ACA will be with us for foreseeable future . Even better news : 24 million will keep thei
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are ; Something to do , Something to love , And something to hope for . Jos
2 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
Praying for those already hit by HurricaneIrma and hoping for the safety of those still in her path . Godhelpthem .
Good morning Faisal Have a wonderful day Thank you so much
Fuck off "" Thoughts & amp ; Prayers "" So tired of hearing that every other week . Jesus Christ . GUN CONTROL MOTHERFUCKERS .
If this is who we are or who we are becoming , I have wasted 40 years of my life . Until now it was not po
A resounding global NO to Trump regime's thuggish intimidation at UN .
How to Find and Keep a Literary Agent - - One-on-One Boot Camp starts March 23 Get a critique of y
Looking for DiverseYA ? Here are some titles to get you started : via
"" A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say "" Italo Calvino ( http://t.co / So3TYVa4tD ) kdp
Salman Rushdie talks his first work of adult fiction in 10 years via
The first official Harry Potter coloring book is coming , and more in Critical Linking :
And my review for Nevernight will be posted mid-August , closer to the release date , so stay tuned ! :)
Just look at these brave souls RefugeesWelcome
My review for THE EMPIRE'S GHOST by Isabelle Steiger is up ! Thanks & amp ; for the 5 - star ARC !
We're in the final hours of my giveaway to win a copy of LOST BOY by Christina Henry ! End 7/8 at midnight PDT !
Here we go ! Pre-order giveaway for AceOfShades ( April 2018 YA fantasy ) . Open INTL . Ends 10/31 . RT / Follow to enter .
Keep your trinkets close with this Cute Panda Makeup Bag - $ 4.48 - kawaii fashion
Photo : Beetlejuice ( 1988 )
Photo : Japanese Lolita Sweet Cute Kawaii BOW-TIE Puff Sleeve Princess Dress Pink GY16 - US $ 45.59 Follow Us !
Japanese Lolita Kawaii Sweet Lace Joint Cute Puff Sleeve Princess Dress GY06 - US $ 40.84 Follow Us !
"" In the arms of an angel ... "" * turns channel *
6 fast ways to curate content from Facebook . Via AvilaEDtech
Watching video about science in the classroom - Lessons From Thin Air via
come throughhhh . Im with Alyssaaa lol .
idk why ? We gon chill ?
Don't feel bad for me I want you to know Deep in the cell of my heart I will feel so glad to go
"" @SheProbAHoeIf : the whole basketball , baseball , football , and soccer team know her name "" sounds like a girl i know .
There mild sauce > > > everything
If you can't control your high don't even ask to smoke wit me
McKamey Manor , San Diego .
i mean or what tho ?
i just want somebody that's crazy for my love TruRebels
Happy birthday to me nasty 19
i tried going darker than usual . next time will be blended . pretty tored makeup cutcrease pink
Pink eyebrows something different for yall . TakeMeToBrazil BhCosmetics NyxVividBrightLiner Nyx
1st day of school !
Romance Red in my fancy new wine glass !
The things I do for my husband ! Two babies and Mickey Mouse at the shop waiting for some deliveries !
He's been sleeping since 5 , I really hope this won't mean a long night for me
gocubsgo FlyTheW chicagocubs nlcs cubbies Wrigley Field Chicago Cubs Stadium
Zepp is giving 2 free tix in honor of Zepp 2 ! RT / Follow to win RizzoTix ad Rules
thanks RJ for suggesting the crooked box !
Eeeeehhhh , none for me thanks .
thanks ! ! I'm celebrating by modding skyrim ! ! Darth Vader armor for the win !
I have a terrible memory .
The Bethesda E32016 stream starts soon , and I will be live tweeting my impressions . Especially that Dishonored 2 HYPE ! ! !
Inching closer to receiving our rank ! !
I just don't like it when people end up acting like the same people they criticize . Both the right and the left wing d
The celebrity and entertainment magazine interviewed me about partying .
NO ! ! ! ! Why do they ruin everything great ? ? why leavetheclassicsalone youcantcreatecult
is my FAVORITE week of the year ! My dream is to go cage diving and see Great Whites ! lovesharks sharks
is ON NOW ! ! ! is ON NOW ! ! My life is complete ! ! The 100Season3 Lincoln thewaitisover iamcomplete grounders
What in the fresh Hell is this ? ? ? ?
I liked a video from CATS ARE EVIL
I liked a video from Guys I Would Have Sex With
I liked a video I AM A SKRILLEX !
I liked a video The Wanted - Glad You Came
Rt if bed is most wow possession
So happy for all the couples out there who can now put a big fat ( onion ) ring on it , just like Homer does to Marge in
I didn't , and I never would , but don't ever tell someone to kill themselves
ADD DONNIE DARKO GODH DARNIT
Neon Nature Merch Prices .
Spending today shopping for a HUGE giveaway that's coming up in about a week
standing with through this traumatic , deeply unfair time . send good vibes her way everyone
when you choke on soap ily
I'm sorry that my microphone wasn't on for my duet with Tyler tonight . We hope you guys are having a great time regardl
why do you think that ?
. this is a text from one of the other "" 5/7 "" . Explain why they themselves told me you kicked me out ?
hahaha thanks kiddo :') * pats head *
I cant believe this is my last year as a teenager . Im so lucky I get to grow up along side all of you . Thank you for th
Get to go home tomorrow and make some awesome videos for you all hope you're excited for them
Stop being so critical to yourself .
Decision making tip : If it's not a hell YES then it's a hell no .
You guys have no clue how emo I am watching this . I'm so happy to be a part of your lives ! Miss you all terribly . ht
I have a signed copy of his book courtesy of you . You are utterly unforgettable .
This just in : speaking up about verbal abuse in the workplace is insubordination .
He's been arrested FOUR TIMES in six months . If he didn't have to make the money ? Get real .
30 % done with The White Queen , by Philippa Gregory : The pacing of this book is very odd . B ...
Apples and squash are a go . Morla really needs her own Instagram account .
OMG EDMOND'S DRESSSSSSSS . projectrunway
60 % done with The Raven Boys , by Maggie Stiefvater : Wait , what ? What the fuck ? How the fuc ...
DrPhil SavingNicholas this hashtag , meh . He doesn't even seem like he wants help or willing to work out his demons ...
He's thrown a few of them under the bus ( and other machinery ) over the years . Never his fault at this point .
Want to look like a complete crazy person ? Listen to the audiobook of Let's Pretend This Never Happened , by Jenny Lawson while driving .
Side of the road . No , seriously . He's very beat up , but not starved . Scared , but not hostile . I have
Major props to Bella for being completely unfazed by all the emphatic agreement she's been
Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat the fuccccccccck . explanationtocomewhenmybrainworks
So so so happy to hang up my artwork from They even made buttons of it for me !
Publicly noting my objection to going into work to deliver pizzas with an actual tornado less an hour away . sueifIdiekthanks
Motherfucking ^ = & amp ; * ! & amp ; # * # ( , # * Someone finally tips me well ( more than $ 2 ! ) and I forgot her drink . This night is not going well .
50 % done with The Raven King , by Maggie Stiefvater : The first three books were not this f ...
PEOPLE OF SLIDELL . You see a yellow nissan xterra , similar to this one , with front end damage ,
Seriously , how ? What was I doing ? This is a conspiracy . A pink pony conspiracy , y'all . It is so
Every time I come in the kitchen , you in the kitchen . In the goddamn refrigerator . Eatin ' up all the food .
I'm reading Dark Duets by Christopher Golden
The power of Miss Lisa . That is one zen baby .
My only justification is AT LEAST I DIDN'T BUY IT IN PILLOWCASE FORM .
Until I am able to fly back to New York again , I will not eat any pizza after today .
5 of 5 stars to How it Works by Jason Hazeley
I would be a much more pleasant person if I drank more .
"" My Little Pony Zone . "" Me and Lisa : "" SHOUT OUT TO US ! ! ! "" projectrunway
Hospital gown chic ! projectrunway
We Veeps stick together . Jill and I , and all of the Bidens , are with you , Julia .
Jason Momoa and David Tennant at New Orleans Comic Con . Now would be a really really really good time to hit the Powerball . dead
With me , I do it when I'm frustrating that it's not making me lose weight fast enough lol
When's your show in San Marcos
know you got the juice
2 . You cannot ... CANNOT ... CAN NOT change anyone who doesn't want to . You will stop your progress tryna help somebody wit
Despite the rain these past couple days it's still "" Sunny N La "" .. A Todd P x joint ! Shot by : DFTI
Access to clean water is a basic human need which the people of Flint do not have . Providing water is one of the highest
Last minute trip to the Cola . I need a break from the city life and get my head right .
Scared to ostracize non black fans ?
where were you when I talked about him throughout these finals ?
If a recession happened next year would you be ready ?
This was on TV in 1993 . Still relevant . AltonSterling
Another man shot ... this time he was shot 10 times in Houston ! Police THOUGHT he had a gun AlvaBraziel BlackLivesMatter
WhitePrivilegeMeans you can choke EricGarner to death , get off and then mock the way you killed him .
The FBI has a Twitter slang dictionary .
Wtf is a "" love ""
In 1961 , angry white mobs attacked integrated bus riders during Freedom Summer . The riders were beaten and jailed
9/10 dating a non black person you will deal with anti black parents
18 yr old white male . Survived police encounter after murder . Now read the headline again .
Rather you than me - the trap songs = spirit calming & amp ; new inspiration
Excuse me . Just have a thing for tall women
Why don't you ask why guys don't like women who make more money than them ? ? ... instead of worrying about why I'm attracted to Amazons
I hate when ppl do shit and then try to play the victim
Only go w / women who are legit into you learnfrommistakes dontwasteyourtime
2002 : Bill OReilly pressures Pepsi into dropping Ludacris 2017 : Ludacris is in the 1 movie in America the day Bill gets
Niggas KNOW mainstream culture watches black twitter like a hawk , and they still do criminal shit and post it .
2 smart mouths in a relationship funny as hell but shit do get real in the arguments
Well ... We are winning . I do not remember crying while winning before lol
Gooooooood . I had this terrible dream that you didnt come to the G & S show . And you were dating a wizard .
well ok then haha . I have no idea what time ill be getting back btw . What are you doing tomorrow ?
It wasn't in a body of water , it was standing in water !
"" He creates weiners in his spare time ! "" "" My mother was never given cheap meat ! "" - - Dot
NHL All-Star Voting : Sidney Crosby , Pittsburgh , 410,754 ; Jonathan Toews , Chicago , 244,774 ; Steven Stamkos , Tampa ... h ...
ummm don't tweet in my living room O.o
a show with MakeMeFamous & WW ( Wishful Wednesday ) fuckyeah
haha heck yeah its impossible not to ! Whats their best album in your opinion ?
oh yeah ! Soooo much better :)
Are people really complaining about running on the Motegi road course ? News flash , oval fans : going to Japan this year is ...
no fair ! You've got to come back soon for a visit !
sorry , just got the joke . Mayo , eggs and crab are cheap if you are a dirt-poor Mississippian at the turn of the century
omg im sorry i saw yew ! ! ! ! Like rite on tha spot and i wuz gonna tlk tuh yew but my frens sed sumthin n i 4 got
Niggah if you just said "" I FUCK BITCHES "" Well we all know that you have sex with female dogs .
S / o to LOVE you guys ! ! !
It hurts to watch somebody you love or want love somebody else .
I recommend a toenail trim . But I'm no podiatrist .
Not mutually exclusive , sadly .
Now that was a presentation . nnlfk vday
Rocky Rhoads ! Dumps water on her head , all over the stage , huge fight w nordic though 5.7 5.7 5.8 Usairguitar
There are many different types of animals that burrow , especially invertebrates like tortoises , lizards , types of birds and
I just learned "" Luddite "" is a term for out of work weavers ! Get with the times , weavers , technology is where it's at !
"" Humans are a little weird . A little flawed . We do bad things sometimes . "" nnlfk
Thomas Holmes is the father of modern embalming . Thanks , Tom . nnlfk
That J . D McPherson is incredible . There was a very high tambourine to musician ratio on the first song FreeStateFest More
. @PaperPickles asks the sweetest question-what do you miss when you're here ? nnlfk
Oxytocin only related to the uterus up through the 1900s . nnlfk
From clitoris to penis . Here we go ! NNLFK
nnkc now this will be in my head for a while NerdNiteKC
why are y'all being so mean to Teala ?
do you realize how funny you are ?
the words don't ever come out right MTVStars Lana Del Rey
why are guys always such assholes
canobie lake in the morning with the boy and bro ! yee
are you actually visiting ? ?
it's been too long since i've had a homecooked meal . homesweethome
Cinderella story marathon w / coolkids
Damn baby , you frustrate me . I know you're mine , all mine , all mine , but you look so good it hurts sometimes .
Going out in the sun all day lovinglife bye
I am your leader - NickiMinaj
You've got whatever it is
Are you serious right now
tell her I'm coming to visit tomorrow !
Frank Ocean on SNL > inlove
NH is stronger than granite ! Nothing can break us . 603swag NHstrong
I dont know how it's possible to lose a ten pound text book , but I somehow managed to do it .
oh now I get it ... oops
Thank you for telling me that Netflix now has Disney movies . If there was any hope for me studying tonight it's gone now .
of course I knew that darlin
You ? Whooooo aaaaare youuuuu hookahsmokingcaterpillars
If I had a dollar for every time I've almost been killed by an idiot driving on Forrest Ave .......
Some people need to turn the volume down on the whole talking thing
So we just went through all my dads guns and decided who would get which one during a zombie apocalypse . Normal ? weirdfamilyprobs
that's so terrible but literally just made me laugh out loud at work . And I can't help but brag about you willy
It's God's job to judge the terrorists , it's ours to arrange the meeting Merica
The Nelly remix of Cruise makes me want to bang my head off a wall
I'm always disappointed at first but then I start playing and it's okay
OutlanderWedding You are the best Jamie I could ever have asked for , SO well done . I thank you !
There is always somewhere to hike , no matter where you are ! This is beautiful , as is Scotland .
Chanting & amp ; applause in Paris as huge crowds begin unity march against terror attacks
Congratulations Angela ! Strong work !
OutlandDish recaps Outlander's climactic Episode 111 ! PLUS a chat with author Diana Gabaldon
OUTLANDER Recap "" The Search "" | Interview w / Graham McTavish | OutlandDish ... via Outlander
Help us welcome Robert Cavanah ( Jared Fraser ) and ( Le Comte St . Germain ) to the Outlander family ! ht
Starz Outlander Panel at ComicCon Gives Us a Look at Season 2 Jamie andClaire
Why not show your support and Vote for us in PCA 16 TwoYearsInARow ? ?
PLZ ONE TIME ONLY WRITE IN OUTLANDER
' Outlander ' : 11 Gorgeous ( and Exclusive ! ) Photos | | via Outlander
Who doesn't like a Saturday soiree ? Join the ball , starting at 9PM E / P .
Performer of the Week : Outlander's CaitrionaBalfe via Outlander
Everything you need to know about Outlander Season 3 Outlander
Info Outlander Saison 3 Casting : Joe Abernathy ! ...
NEW Pictures of Sam & amp ; Cait on Set Filming Season 3 SamHeughan CaitrionaBalfe Outlander
Jesus H Roosevelt Christ !
Now that Josh Duggar's been named in a sex abuse case , they should probably stop calling the show "" 19 Kids and Counting ""
Can't Bill Murray just wander into the Oval Office on November 4th and become president ? Seriously would anyone mind ?
To those fleeing persecution , terror & amp ; war , Canadians will welcome you , regardless of your faith . Diversity is our stren
GO . AWAY . FAT . MAN .
Maxine Waters responds to Bill OReilly : Im a strong black woman , and I cannot be intimidated vi
Never did it onHl Halczia . dudesfine
Not likely , they will remain silent except during their bible circle jerks .
. @GOP is trying AGAIN to take your HEALTHCARE ! This time theyre adding a tax INCREASE on you so they can lower taxes for
There once was a time when you were the one . You were the blue of the sky , you came after the storm .
Snow today and tomorrow then 57 on Monday Welcome to Massachusetts Massachusettsproblems
This burning love show is actually fucking hilarious .
Who wants to crush some JagrBombs tonight ?
tbt zooday summer 2011 birdies parakeets
Two wrongs don't make a right
You gotta keep believing if you wanna know for sure
Reunited with our baby in 5 days ! love bestfriends always nomatterhowfar
Lights will guide you home & amp ; ignite your bones
that sounds so much more fun hahahah
The Beatles had to stop touring because their music couldnt be amplified loud enough to play over the screaming fans .
If I could just be on time once in my life I would feel accomplished
I know how much you love it
How many days till spring break ?
Tess literally just walked by there . Dammit .
( 919 ): you were just eating all his cookies and kept mumbling "" them crumblies "" when the crumbs got on your shirt .
Sometimes it's okay not to be okay
lol I smell like cinco de mayo . It's not a good smell
Happy 22nd to the greatest girl I know . I love you so much and I hope you have a wonderful birthday !
I'm going to learn how to cook lasagna if if kills me .
Nightmares need to stop . Now .
Not one drop of your self-worth should depend on anyone else's acceptance of you .
the late-night excuses i make while dieting are absurd . "" you deserve this beefaroni "" / "" 1 cup of noodles will not kill y
you have to be like a special kind of stupid to try and cross route 9 during rush hour
aw thank you ! I needed that
me trying to keep my physical health and mental health together and functional
I'm listening to "" Stolen "" by Dashboard Confessional ( http://bit.ly / 9ekR2e ) pandora
* DING * look at the good you do
Never ran over anything before ... Never wanna do it again
i wish i had ice cream ..... it makes everything better .... fuck my life
i am seriously gonna have a B-F ( BITCH FIT ) if i don't find out some stuff
- I'm on a boat
Looks like another day of waitin for to wake up
lucky ! have a blast and of course keep me updated :)
RT :@ shuizmz Cult reviews up at SHU-IZMZ ! ..... check it out tweeps shu is a genius !
Watching ncis from across the hall ... I don't know whats going on but looks interestin
yeah i figured all us ladies needed a reminder of how strong we really are
Woke up naked on the couch not sure how that happened
na the mute won't need defense he has nothing i can sue him for ha
And in case you wondered most of time the truth is whoever it is will blow you when they are drunk or screw you .
- Trying to be glamourous sellin shoes
yeah pretty much this one gang wanted of to join them cuz i'm pretty good with a bo staff
Damn you i want to watch eastwick
Finally get a chance to sleep and no . No fucking sleep . Fuck !
I got bored ... So i dyed my hair 2 different colours .... We shall see .
Love the color and it went on very well .
Its SWEET to give back during the holidays ! sponsored TeamSweetNLow
Cherry was surprised to learn how many when were welling to try and talk about it on video cottonellecleancrew
My baby makes love stronger , days shorter , nights longer , and my home happier . WeKnowBabies ad
My paper towel won Product of the Year because V-Flex Weave technology TeamVivaVantage sponsored POYUSA 2015
Dare a friend to GoCommando to get free sample cottonellecleancrew sponsored gocommando
Tell us the quirkiest thing you do while caring ! Upload to Crowdtap . Share with your ... EveryDayCare CareCrowd ad
When do you use sunscreen ? sponsored AveenoAdvocates
Check out these 14 ideas for camping out in your backyard from
Tell us what fun stuff youd bring along on a weekend getaway if undie ... GoCommando cottonellecleancrew sponsored
Think outside the box this fall , with these fashion tips from The Penny Closet blog ! GlamCrowd
Im redeeming this coupon from o . b . at any store I'm guessing had no ofter for me OBelievers sponsoredob
All these years later , and Advil is still works great fastadvilfanatics sponsored
The Glamorous Gleam learns how to embrace her natural curls , check out her post for details ! GlamCrowd
If you could create your perfect cap , what would you put on it ? NewEraCrowd sponsored
Waking up your mouth with Ricola is so much fun , and tastes so good . swissherbs sponsored
What do you think of the pain-free passions campaign ? fastadvilfanatics sponsored
The program is great , I save on fuel and make money all at onces MyFuelRewards ShellCrowd sponsored
If I have thoughts at 3 a . m . , theyre most often about food Johnsons sponsored
This TV spot makes me feel good about Johnsonville SausageFamily Sponsored
Tell us what you can do , thanks to your o . b . Multi-Pack ! OBelievers sponsoredob
Excited to use my Advil coupon on fast acting advil fastadvilfanatics sponsored
Swivel Clip Hook Set Giveaway with Discount Code AmazonGiveaway Ad
How did Advil Film-Coated help you relieve unexpected aches or pains you experienc ... fastadvilfanatics sponsored
You guys remember Bullseye , right ? It hasn't aged well , so I'll be remastering it . Actual progress will have to wait for the AE CS6 trial .
Today I learned that I do not like Jose Cuervo . Blech .
I can't argue with that . The hypocrisy , for lack of a better word , still irks me though . But I digress . Better to stay out of it .
Okay , tomorrow morning I go to apply for my badge at Table Mountain Rancheria . Nervous about starting there , yet excited at the same time .
Still no love for Prince of Persia UbiE 3
Sunday , Sunday , VisualPunDay !
50Shades of M O I S T -
Will there ever be a day that I don't feel incredibly shitty physically ? I guess not
Wanna send me $ 20 to my PayPal ? I could use it
My donkey walked into a door , he was drunk
She didn't get splashed by the water . The water got splashed by her . The water is her bitch now . I'm shook
haha just kidding I work in the food service industry I have no choice but to talk to people
I'm so tired I hate being sick ,
I just wanna cry and go to bed but I guess I'm only doing the first tonight
Dude I'm bored as fuck
Omg I lost my favorite hat , I'm so fucking SAD
This video made me want about 20 lbs of tea
My BzzAgent BzzScore is 6.6 out of 10 - how good is your Bzz ? ImABzzAgent
I joined the LittleRemedies Rewards Program to Earn Great Savings and Prizes . You should too . LittleRemediesRewards
Join the PerdueCrew to get exclusive coupons and rewards from Click here to join . promotion
I'm doing BODY BEAST - Bulk : Shoulders in Team Beachbody's SuperGym . Join Me ! Go to
billy on the street is hysterical . Well done ! trutv billyonthestreet
SOMEONE SHOW THIS TO MY BOYFRIEND ! ! ! Lol
Watching starwars episodes 4 , 5 & amp ; 6 with rift tracks ... just when I thought I couldn't like these movies any more ... this is amazing ! !
thank you ! oh hey you're one of the contestants in the show ! ! ! Lots of luck !
Cancer is quickly becoming a worldwide epidemic . Join us and help save lives worldwide .
LIVE on Periscope : Miami Makeup touch-up xxxo Maria tartebeauty
. @tartecosmetics on Periscope : Red carpet contour with oscars
you're welcome ! :) happy to help !
Im obsessed w / Ultamate Rewards . Sign up w / my link & amp ; we both get $ 10 off ! Rewards and we both get $ 10
hi ! can I still get good results w / bodyshred at home if I need to modify certain moves ? I have stubborn 5-10 lbs to lose .
PLEASE open more New Jersey stores ! Menlo park mall would be an excellent space for one !
I love my boyfriend with all my heart , but I haven't seen my dog since Saturday and miss him like crazy ! ! Wish I can just always have both .
The most beautiful moments in life are seeing a smile on a person's face and knowing that you have contributed to his / her
Mad about oily summer skin ? Get matte instead . See why loves our Evercolor Poreless Face Defender !
The anxiety of being in this virtual queue waiting to buy tix
When I left the house in pain & amp ; exhaustion , I took a look over at my dog sleeping cozy on his bed and felt a bit envious . Lol
Happy I put the vmas on my dvr to start watching over an hour in ... yay for the fast forward button !
Review , swatches & amp ; 3 looks w / @TooFaced grande hotel cafe palette on the blog today !
DevaCurl Delight and Wave Maker NaturallyCurly Review on
sad i missed early peach launch . couldn't stay up . next time please be a little more considerate of East Coast w / launch time ? :(
We made the list ! Checkout list of 2016 favorites shares : 2016
Our second shipment is in . Get your numbered , signed , limited edition today . ArganReserve Reserv
thank you for sharing my blog !
May 2017 Surely Curly Silicone and Sulfate Free Box on
Am probably the only person on earth that listens to middle of nowhere ( hanson ) and 36 chambers ( wu tang ) back to back .
Tune in to NOW for some amazois One Day Only Deals with Mally ! !
Seeing a large spider in your house sucks . Seeing a large spider in your house and then suddenly not seeing it is far ,
Westmore Beauty Limited Edition Eyeshadow Palette plus Lipstick and Gloss Duo on
Bart from DirkGentlyBBCA is my spirit animal .
They not only help the earth but its a great way to show and pass on the importance of recycling to my kids ,
I just joined TeamSnuggle ! Join me in the Bear Den
Fingers crossed I get chosen !
The slow drip of America's infrastructure crisis
Apparently today is "" National Drink Beer Day , "" which is a lot of unnecessary letters to replace "" Friday "" with . craftbeer
I think sports ( esp . Tigers ) and Discovery channel are what I would have the hardest time without .
I dunno , sis . I've had a couple that are better . Even bottled water has impurities that can affect taste .
Is it possible to an Outback with the 3.6 R setup AND a manual transmission ? I want one , but only want a stick shift . Thanks !
0:16- 0:23 changed my life
saw folks asking why im wearing 2 watches in the 30 under 30 photo . well , im the media luminary so why dont you leav
MAMA BEAR : Someones been sleeping in MY bed PAPA BEAR : Someones been sleeping in MY bed PAPA ROACH : Someones been cutting
$ 10 ? ! ? !
well prepared ween , ready to battle the elements .
A giant Refugees Welcome sign was unfurled on the Statue of Liberty today
I'm lmao , this child ripped N's choreography and didn't give credit ! his company's already had to apologize on his
expose them 2 me pls
Escape Successful ! My IQ was 119 ! iOS : Android : EscCylinders
There's so much shuffling around to make cute imagery that it just ended up looking messy
Gal is not American , just sayin
Thank you ! ! !
? ? ? Who does that ? He's easily one of the best idol vocalists
Oh it's just the demo haha . It's quite long .
we love it ! what CANT do !
White House adviser should go fuck himself
Ring : diggy ding ding ding dong Ring Ding : ring dong Ring : ding dong diggy ding diggy ding ding ding
So you've been an insufferable piece of shit your whole life , then . Copy that .
There's some damage from all the rain because we have window that was already in bad shape but otherwise we fared well !
Who wants to hang out and drive the speed limit Who wants to not honk at other drivers unless its to alert potential
The dancer who played Odette / Odile was frickin incredible . And it was a sold out show , so that was cool .
I made it full screen so its like they are standing in front of me n im in luv
its $ 14.99 ! which is like really good for a big title 3ds game thats only a few years old haha
Capitalize the R in KoRn Capitalize the R in KoRn Capitalize the R in KoRn Capitalize the R in KoRn Capitalize the R in K
I'm opening tomorrow so I should get to bed .
Boo . I have to go to work early for the rest of the week .
Maybe I will start using this again since I can use my phone . It's piecrust time .
Yay we got bb 101 102 and 110 .
thanks . I have a white and blue one that is looking dingy .
So I'm about to watch Les Mis , Aaron Tveit is the star of this movie right ?
I think it is too cold to wear a dress tonight . What should I do ?
Doorknobs & amp ; BodyPaint open now Doorknobs , KDevlin , Flash Fictiion exploration , for guides
POETRY OF WITNESS JUNE 3-6 : 45 PM SPICEMONKEY 1628 WEBSTER , OAK Featured Tony Press . OpenMic / BookTable Free
I love how practicing stuff actually does make you better at it ... weird but true
I think I've learned first person is really the tense i thrive in amwriting
:( I will miss you . You have my snapchat at least
Former national press secretary for - - >
sadly it's not but it's an incredible gift to those with pre-existing conditions that were uninsurable before
not to mention I called his bags sexist and whiny not him but that's neither here nor there
I hate not being able to talk about cursed child
Seems apt to share this again . ( I did not create this but cannot find the source )
AP FACT CHECK : Trump adviser Conway cites ' massacre ' that didn't happen to defend temporary immigration ban .
Watergate is the biggest political scandal of my lifetime , until maybe now :
I liked it . More indepth ones would be great too . Also big ideas tied into some person stories . Enjoy
We found a great place for coffee - Bubblews via
Beautiful Hayden Valley in Yellowstone National Park Roadtirement via
Fun place , we're meeting lots of very nice people .
Just when you think you have seen everything , see photo of motorized bath tub at
A spooky Halloween show is being planned by Beef and Boards Dinner Theatre in Indy
About via Love how u came up with name !
Surfers , Artists and Banditos
27 Unique Things To Do In Munich This Summer - VisitMunich Via
Tybee Island , often referred to as Savannahs Beach , offers visitors a place for all seasons with sandy beaches , ...
it's a good excuse tho lol
that shits just un normal
& amp ; u know it u lil wheenie lmao
These hoesss got NOOO fckng respect b shit soo fckng sad !
he need milk ! get that boy some milk ! ! ! !
the crazy thing is I walked right past his car this morning and didn't even peep it was his
my and mya gonna pray 4 her
girl I know u like me come and be my wifey
it's real crazy cause I don't even have best friends anymore
whose 3 papers did u just copy ? cool .
Ima miss you too man
I just be doing my own thing
The BEST revenge is to improve yourself
id take less sleep nd more money any day
When I get by myself I really be taking the time to think about everything deeply
he has no regard for the working clas
you a wannabe nigga you under me
Surround yourself with good vibes .
1st day of 2017 and i'm making double money !
Ya own homies be the one that'll set you up nigga
i'm tryna pull up don't "" lol "" me
niggas taken cheap shots on some cheap shit
i wasn't born last night , i know these hoes ain't right
Hello .... Sooo not ready for this weekend snow storm .... BLAH ! ! ! ! ! !
I'm at Beaver Valley Mall ( 570 Route 18 , Center Twp . )
I'm at dunkin donuts ( Aliquippa , PA )
Thank You for all your service ! ! !
Good times last night at the Youth Boost Event .... Christ Temple Hall
The United States government is always so quick to respond to any other country ... Whats the hold up
Thanking God for my Life , my children and His Grace ... God is Good all The time ... Without him I am
Eagerly waiting for this to come on .... If you can , watch it ... endtimesarehere rapture
Yup ... Good to Go ! ! ! ! caribanatoronto caribana toronto roadtrip
Tyreese and I .. superbowl blessed family sundaynight
Totally me .. I will NEVER get use to this change ... Bring on the
there's a pokemon go conspiracy theory about how the government is using pokestop locations to track citizens
i don't know why i even bother to say anything anymore when no one even listens to me
drugs become addictive the moment you decide to use them to fill the gaps in your heart .
I carly is on ft one direction I cant do this rn
she fell in love with the starry nights within him
i seriously can't fuckin wait until the day i'm genuinely happy
"" roll your eyes again "" me :
All i want is a clear mind & amp ; happy heart .
sometimes , you just need a break , in a beautiful place , alone , to figure everything out .
2008 is gonna be my year
it really does get old after a while
sometimes you just need to lay on the floor
my personality ain't for everybody b
i'm a nice person , so if i'm a bitch to you , you need to ask yourself why
You ever get bored in the middle of the night and do ya makeup ? ? Bc i do
It really is sad that school makes me feel like this
How many more people have to kill themselves and hurt themselves before mental illnesses are destigmatised ?
Only thing im looking forward to tomorrow
its all about minatos son now
holy shit i just realized how much i can tweet i have no character limit i am a fucking god i will fill ur timeline with str
I love when people open up to me and call me nicknames on their own and just like me and trust me its such a nice feelin
I ain't never switched up I just stopped giving a fuck
Y'all ever just sit down and think to yourself how Aang .... A 12 year old boy ( 112 if we gonna be technical ) managed to take
when ur period comes early
life is not a joke . mental health is not a joke . just because someone appears to have everything , or appears to be fine does
awww , that face tho !
team Iron Man ! OQXNRB
I recorded it bc I'm not caught up yet ... can't wait to see it !
I hope she gets deported ... do it legally or don't do it at all ! Crying shame to give criminals free shit
Had an amazing wknd seeing ( & amp ; Such a gentleman & amp ; amazing guy IStandWithTravis h
Nobody is perfect but If your name is ALLEN - You're pretty DAMN close !
This hate going on against myself and others simply for not supporting lies and hate has really got me down
TravisSquad attention the birthday is near . Celebrity since today . IStandWithTravis
Here's a picture of the leader of the United States , and Donald Trump
No words . Our love and prayers goes to everyone that are affected in Las Vegas LasVegasShooting LasVegas SPNFamily
you're cool on all occasions
Please be safe out there and get home soundly . All the love for you-x
"" Trigger fingers turn to Twitter fingers "" on my tombstone please . Teach it to my first born . Carve it in my skin . Embroider it
This is amazing ! Very well done
thank you for playing sinister minister , great show tonight
I missed my buddy so lovely seeing you last night
I am skipping lecture for one class to do homework for another . I am lame , I know .
The holidays are getting closer . What are you doing to prepare ? I'm watching video 25CardsOfChristmas
I just want to be best friends with + hang out with them every single day ! They are the sweetest guys ev
I already voted today for for ACMNewArtistOfTheYear and you should do it too .
Did you sing that line as you tweeted it ?
Thank you so much Stacy . I appreciate it and wish I was going to celebrate . I will likely be trapped at home cuz of my ankle
Ill be watching CrossoverWeek tonight at 10/9 c on NBC ! Sweeps
for a dm to 5/4 Free bc voting Sending link ~ solos later - Kailie ShesKindaHotVMA MTVHottest 5SOS
who's okay after watching the VevoCertified videos ? ? because I'm not fine at all ShesKindaHotVMA
But now that Im broken ShesKindaHotVMA
Me people who say 5sos won't win this ShesKindaHotVMA
Queen Liz to the rescue ! ShesKindaHotVMA
If anyone has ever told you that you CANT . this . ShesKindaHotVMA
michael clifford or vs model ? ShesKindaHotVMA
Congrats to the homies on this award ! This fandom rocks . Love you all .
Never . I hate feeling like I am late to things , so I don't see that ever happening by choice .
Every time my follower count creeps closer to 300 , I find it weird . I don't think I'll ever be used to having more than 100 followers .
This is an incredible photo ! I love it !
for a DM to BAND ACCOUNT Must be following Turn on notifs for more - P
How many rts for Michael ? EMABiggestFans 5SOS
When you have no idea what the hell is going on TheNewBrokenScene EMABiggestFans 5SOS
I'll be your friend Michael .
for Michael's voice in Jet Black Heart ARIAS 5SOS
It seems it is your birthday . Happy Birthday ! ! I hope you have an amazing and wonderful day .
In about 2 and a half hours , I get to see the DeadpoolMovie ! I am excited ! It is my Valentines gift to myself .
Get to my boys tomorrow night ! I can't wait ! Wondering if there will be any m & amp ; g so I can say hi .
Thankful for you guys xox
DigiU 26Onperiscope can i please get a pair of vips for vegas x67
DigiU 26Onperiscope can i please get a pair of vips for vegas x168
DigiU 26Onperiscope can i please get a pair of vips for vegas x269
tomorrow is a brand new day ! new possibilities , new happiness . new everything ! just keep ur head up ! I believe in u h
If Y'all Love As Much As I Do Than Let's Get meetingswithhayes Trending So We Can Get Unseen Pics Of The
Loving this pic if babes aaroncarpenter camerondallas
Haha I understand the little things just matter more to some people Ilysm
Who is Quan and why is everyone hitting him ?
Wtf I just took a 4 hour nap
Retweet for a Follow / Dm !
I scored 63 points in Spinny circle ! Hoverboard ? ? ? ?
If wants a turnt night they need to come to Vegas I mean we are like the party city so it only makes sense
When your at the car dealership watching the debate debatenight
It's a wine and the notebook kind of night .
Many snorts . Much fun . Wow .
I assume that this Mercedes doesn't come stock with a spoiler , yeah ? If it does , that's a pretty
We like sweet potatoes . Om nom nom
shortbusbistro makes some dank food . Go there and be amazed . Also , one of the guys is a
MondayMotivation from DailyDrivenVIP 50 DailyDrivenOfficial dailydriven
Perfection doesn't exist . So if you're going to be a perfectionist , be a drunk perfectioniststress less with lower standards o
Seriously . This dude confessed his love for me after knowing each other FIVE HOURS .
And I actually think he may be flirting ... I don't even know . I'm so confused .
My iTunes is lit . It can go from BTS and ASTRO to HandsLikeHouses and MemphisMayFire
I'll camp by myself . Explore and take pictures and write about the wonders of life that my friends always bail on .
Just thought you could appreciate it also . My b .
This is super legit .
Been waiting over half an hour for Taco Bell . Not sure it's worth it , but once you pass the concrete corners there's no turning back .
And not opposed to a parking lot brawl . Just fyi .
Enjoy being single , be selfish with your time , money , and space : cancel plans , buy shit you don't need sleep like a fucking s
Please bring more to the table than looks .
That respect shit goes both ways .
Legit want to be there for other girls , but they consistently let me down . Try to warn em a dude isn't good and she sends what you say . Smh
It blows my mind that there are couples out there that don't do car stuff together and don't care to .
I cannot catch a break . Everyone leaves . They say they won't , but they do . They all do .
if i can't trust u with the aux cable i can't trust u with my heart
The mountain the enemy tried to use to defeat me became the stepping stone to my destiny
Hey Avs fans ! Berlin here ; I'm taking over twitter for a few days . Cheer loud from wherever you are , let's get another W i
1,035 words , and I made it past 15,000 ! Getting closer !
First vlog ! This is from Tekko 2015 . My video from this year will be next week . Enjoy !
GCC friends ! There's a Create Conference on Saturday in Hal you all should go check out ! T
Toys for Children with AutismEducational Toys for Autism
Sensory Toys , Sensory Toys For Autistic Children
Calming a Child with Autism -
Spread the word ! AmberAlert for HollyBobo please pray she gets home safely and out of harm's way .
stoked I cannot WAIT ! :D
There's never a wrong time to dance .. including during basketball games . She's got the moves ! htt ...
I feel so humbled to have had so much support from my fans , friends , family and complete strangers .. God bless you all , thank
proudoflarry for being so strong after years of hardship
jealoussssss . I miss having great food around . Down in FL for college . Boo .
one time and I took shots of rum to show that could be a tattoo artist . college
WHO DID IT ? ! ILL KILL THEM !
My head hurts so bad . I think I may have a migraine since it has been hurting for like 2 days . UghhhhHHHHh
Honestly I'm so done with today . I'm sick and exhausted . Fuck .
It has been a great day :) had some portillos ( god I've missed portillos ) , saw then napped with my cat . im content .
me : i love you and this and this . And that . you're wonderful also me : BITCH WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE ? ! I WILL KILL YOU !
but in other news im now angrily avoiding work and crying in my room . SUPER productive stuff . ya know .
I'm hearing lots of talk rn ! ! Lmao !
Thank you Miles ! !
Today when Ellie got home she came upstairs and woke me up and gave me a huge hug . Like , a really sweet , wonderful hug . And I'm emotional .
can someone PLEASE write this paper for me
Hi I'm Laura and I was at college for 4 years and now I don't remember how to interact with kids at all
Nothing compares to walking around days after the Cubs won the World Series and still seeing everyone in their Cubs gear . I love it !
This is the greatest video you'll ever watch
big bank by kodak is such a funny song to me
when that lady was trying to run our party in Spanish
I'm gonna do this at the talent show
Music is therapy for me
pt . 2 tm ?
in the mood to knock someone's block off
too much fine in one picture
my mom be doing the absolute MOST
if this ain't the truth
I really don't fw nobody like I'm convinced nobody likes me & amp ; idc
curly hair products that you recommend ? because you ... thank you .. & amp ; any products from cantu , deva curl ...
you cant ride my wave you might sink
I LUHHH YOUUU i love me 2 selflove 2017
coconut oil & amp ; tea tree oil are fucking magic
i vibe with your mental because you get me
A nigga only act right w someone he wanna be w . Regardless how bad u are or how real U are
So I tried to out-chug my aunt and my face says it all
thought i told ya i wasn't coming to play ... prom 2k17
What a waste of loyalty .
Silence is music in the face of tranquility .
A Better Tomorrow by Shionodo
When a Gemini is done with you , there is no coming back .
There's no one who can help you better than yourself .
Let's Play Lost In Harmony : Chainsmokers - Paris ( CVRSE Remix ): via
where da f is the respect , say my whole mf name joh .
I swear I love money too much
The videos I just sent everyone on snap chat > > >
jeeez , I'd think there would be more people in there ! Was it good ?
Lets just say if I could only text one person for the rest of my life it would not be Brianna
Somo be puttin females in they feelings !
"" You're going to school to be a doctor ? Shit ... I work at home depot ""
"" I can only show you something real , I can't make you appreciate it ""
Ashley is crazy & amp ; sleep deprived . She doesn't know what she's talking about . A bunch of gibber jabber nonsense .
Trying to convince my grandma to get snapchat
Ashley really thought she was gonna get away with "" k "" ing me
nah , that's too risky for your dick . You'd be doing the walk of shame into the clinic after that shit
Creeping on to way back In da day
Thats where my puppy comes in
You can't be the man of the house if your broke
When you plug your charger in and don't hear the sound ..
People who are at the clubs / bars every night .. Where's your life ?
Happy birthday to my brother , my beautiful angel
Maaan , the football game is gonna be dope af in my aunts home theatre
as long as you know
maan , I don't wear timbs , but these ..
but i'd still suck ya soul outcha
my dog stays farting into fans facing my direction
Im listening to - If I Had a Tail by Queens of the Stone Age - via
I love the desert life ! via cactus desertlove
Bydd rhai o'ch atgofion gorau yn dod o rai o'ch Penderfyniadau mwyaf ffl .
It's a beautiful day at the Sun City Farmer's Market in Menifee ! Really hope they get a lot of support ... so stop
Oh happy day ! My new vinyl finally arrived . Pretty aint it ?
even tho school makes me wanna hang myself but y'know still gotta rep my bbs
* sits up in bed , hair messy * * poppunk vocalist voice * i waNNA GET OUT OF MY HOMETOWN
Ember McLain ( Danny Phantom )
Happy normal day to all my fatherless homies out there . We can all be eachother's father's we don't need no man !
the white people that get offended over being called mayo are typically the same ones who use the n-word
eat ass and cause mayhem
Wake up . Drink blood . Fav art .
Y R U SO FUCKING ATTRACTIVE
might just fuck around and kill myself
Just thought I should share this
me : gently adds fries into the pot the oil :
maybe it's bad to report on sex scandals , but I've got a zest for lust . i call it a "" zust . ""
Got 1 case of Dogfish Head ' Punkin ' customers allotted one 4 pack each .... better hurry dudes and dudettes . :)
Looking forward to getting back home to the wife and dog child
They are still in business . ghostbusters
just bought a solar filter for my telescope . Any advice for a first time sun observer ?
The great war begins 7.16 . Rally the realm . Share the official GameofThrones Season 7 trailer . GoTS 7
"" Hillary is not somebody who fears the future . She believes that it is ours to shape . ""
Just a fun little check list for Sunday before
Have we kissed ass enough for Berners yet ?
Are you ready for the first woman president ? ! & amp ; get your FREE Proud Democrat sticker :
Yeah pretty shady glad I only dined there once . Are you owned by trump or just sexist / GOP ?
I look cute , you say ? Do I look cute enough that I can have a bully stick ? Pweeeease . I'll
Most Googled question after presidential forum : Is Matt Lauer a Trump supporter ?
I don't know how I am feeling about this season . AHSRoanoke
Trump has taken rhetoric rooted in racism & amp ; homophobia and successfully marketed it as nostalgia .
. @MeganOMullally on the WillAndGrace reunion : "" It was just like no time had passed "" :
Somehow this tweet sounds so much more appropriate now than it did two days ago . TrumpTapes
Suppose you were an idiot , and suppose you were Donald Trump ? But I repeat myself . ( Apologies to Mark Twain )
CONGRATS I you ! ! GoBucks
Way to kill America you tool
Just saw some awful looking doctors ( yellow teeth ) endorsing drumpf in tv ad playing in Houston NeverTrump
108 years in the making ! Congratulations to the World Champion Chicago Cubs .
When they go low , we get high !
DYK Mabel Vernon was a teacher in PA before she met Alice Paul & amp ; became an organizer for the NWP ?
A huge thank you to the elves at IT-Strat bringing cupcakes to our caregivers & amp ; donating toys ! holidaygiving ht
Most urgent targets for huge & amp ; hugely funded new vaccine initiative : MERS , Lassa , Nipah . Go get ' em !
Looks like is having a tough night . IN UTAH , FOLKS
hello u . Want this car
Show me a Nation with a science-hostile government , and I'll show you a society with failing health , wealth , & amp ; security .
Hmm . How bout : "" Rather than putting pressure on GOP congresspeople , I am ending my presidency . Thank you all ! ""
Which one is the thing of evil ?
As a Board Member and patient , grateful to for calling out the Masswaiver med limits
OK Roy , but I'm leaving my daughters at home ! P . S . - wear that cute little leather vest
America has become the proverbial frog in the slowly heating water , except as the water heats up and the G
Wow ! Those are SO hard to get ! Congrats !
PERFECT GIFT UNDER $ 30 FOR HER ! Lowest price today only . Buy yours now & amp ; scratch one off the Christmas list ! Ad
$ 24.59 to get 2 Filter & amp ; High Pressure shower heads , it is Wagen shower combo . Cann't beat the price ! Ad
CRAZY DEAL ! ! 75 % off ( only 4.89 for 12 pack ) Ad
I just entered to win this fun , interactive "" Two Truths and a Tall Tale "" game book ! Ad
Enjoy a great quick read ? Check out this awesome short story down below ! Ad
Share our twitter to get Free blue light blocking non prescription glasses Ad
New Swim Silicone Cap For Long Hair , Men and Women + Nose Clip & amp ; Ear Plugs included ! Enter the chance to WIN it ! Ad
New YA Urban Fantasy : Sonora , and the Eye of the Titans ! $ 0.99 Kindle eBook ! books fantasy scifi magic giveaway
I'm reading CUFFED A Forbidden Romance from Grab it here - > giveaway
Out of this World Giveaway !
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" The Rescuer "" by Eric Huffbind ( Author ) . giveaway
Welcome to our facebook to get more benefit giveaway
Wow ! I just entered for a chance to win "" SILVERAGE Sterling Silver Feather Cuff Bracelet ... "" by SILVERAGE . giveaway
Not even death can stop this fae princess from saving her kingdom . UF fantasy amreading
Wow ! I just entered for a chance to win "" Trials of Artemis : Book 1 "" by Sue London giveaway
WOW BUY AMAZING SOCKS to INCREASE CIRCULATION , RELIEVE PAIN & amp ; REDUCE SWELLING ! ! ! giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" AnhDuong bathrobes , honeycomb Terry Cotton bath ... "" by AnhDuong . giveaway
What a great items ! giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Womens If you need me call me Medium Pink "" by Abla Fashion . giveaway
Come over to win this Perixx extra-Large gaming mouse pad ! Find more surprises : giveaway
Kroma-A Giveaway Be subscribed to my YOUTUBE CHANNEL ! Follow on Twitter , Like & amp ; Retweet , Must be of legal age MVS :
Check out Brother Bewitched , the amazing new YA Fantasy book by TG Kadee ! Enter sweepstakes to win a wig ! giveaway
Living for these tassel necklace ! 30 % Off w'coupon FNRSUUE 2 > https://t.co / bm79T4fyYF giveaway
I don't know how to post 2 pictures at once , but here's where I started . Sorry it's a picture of a pi
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" 8BITDO NES 30 Pro Wireless Bluetooth Controller Du ... "" by 8BITDO . giveaway
Wow ! I just entered for a chance to win "" Casofu Red Mermaid Tail Blanket , Kids Thick M ... "" by CASOFU . giveaway
Relentless by AlysonReynolds is FREE today on Amazon ! giveaway
Check out the awesome gift ideas and cool inventions on follow giveaway
Wow ! I just entered for a chance to win "" Sport Head Tie Sweatband Workout Headbands K ... "" by QING OUTDOOR . giveaway
Sigils and Spells : An Urban Fantasy Collection ! Win Fated by Ednah Walters giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Twisted Threads ( Volume 4 ) ( Kindle Edit ... "" by Kaylin McFarr .... giveaway
When i try to make a clan on elite it asks if i want to use my founder boost i click yes and it tells me to enter clan name
i would really love a xbox code .
LOL BLACK OPS ON CIRCUIT ? Are you fucking delusional ? Unless Treyarch pulls a Riot it WONT happen have fun with mw4 next year ha
Its ok , CoD will never have near the amount of teams and fans show that halo has . Money > superior competition
Arctyc you use logic too much , seriously stop it .
Give a CoD team 300 hours on Halo then and see how well they play against Ambush
2 years in esports def , or both
What I've learned from AGL stream . 1 . It's Breathtaking . 2 . Skydiving . 3 . Ambush are human .
Funny how companies tell people they will pay out and then not .
Make time to listen when you pray . You might find God actually knows a thing or two about your situation .
my little boy told me I was dressed like an old lady today , guy at work told me I looked hot , either way , I'm comfy ...
your song this morning on GMA touched home for me . My close friend is 37 and fighting breast cancer . Your song was perfect .
Stop ! Zombie time ! walkingdeadistheshiz !
not me , I bet I would be voted out close to the beginning . Lol ...
You did great this morning !
That moment when you know you are a good mom ! Fourth graders fundraise to help disabled teenager via
"" Dearly beloved , we are gathered here today to get through this thing called ' life . ' "" RIPPrince
Sick right before the weekend , of course . typical
I heard it was very Disney . I also heard the reviewers say it was as good as Empire Strikes Back . I knew it wouldnt be .
Having total board envy ! Curse you public school budget !
I was searching for a costume for my drama project . I searched for Adult King Outfit . This came up instead .
And it comes with two-day shipping , too ! Talk about convenience ! Thanks Amazon !
Okay , but doesn't this imply an intention to go to war ? If diplomacy is off the table , what's left besides force ? T
Woman's ' none of your business ' Facebook post about children goes viral via
Chinese firm behind snooping iOS apps admits guilt via & amp ;
Country singer enters hospice , spends last days showering baby with love via
Sikh man wrongly accused of being Paris attacker in photoshopped image | via
Apple To Abandon Headphone Jack ? Leak Reveals Massive Gamble via
Watch women try to recreate comic book heroes ' absurdly sexy poses via
The most memorable mug shots from 2015 via
Camera Catches Joint Chiefs After Obama Mocks Them at SOTU & amp ; #8230 ; Their Reaction Is Going Viral
Uber Using Smartphone Gyrometer Data To Monitor SpeedingDrivers via
Watch : Jurors told to call phone sex line by mistake via
A very clever response to anti-abortion protestors via
Why dyed her hair blond , painted her face white for an audition via
The latest policing tool to monitor rowdy spring breakers : Drones
Internet freaks out as woman "" vanishes "" during live TV report via
Waze Helps You Avoid Speeding Tickets via
Hackers broke into hospitals despite software flaw warnings
Area police ticket more than 100 for texting , driving via
Here's why you should be extra careful crossing the street with earbuds in via
Complaint says Facebook hid right-wing news . Now Mark Zuckerberg plans to meet conservative leaders .
Tech Giants Vow to Tackle Online Hate Speech Within 24 Hours via
Pokevision And Other Pokmon GoTrackers Shut Down For Unclear Reasons
Facebook caught an office intruder using the controversial surveillance tool it just blocked via
4 Apprehended At Gramercy Park Hotel After Guest Spots Live Stream Of Firearms
Pennsylvania prof under fire for ' white genocide ' tweet
Virtual reality death simulators could cure society's fear of dying
A producer is looking for a cyberstalking victim of cyberstalking experiencing it right now . Message me if you are interested .
Alleged abduction streamed on Facebook Live , police say - ABC News - via
Lyft driver charged with hurling dog during road-rage brawl
Robots learned how to write fake Yelp reviews like a human via
Longboat Key police : Vacation rental home secretly recorded guests via
Rise in teen suicide , social media coincide ; is there link ? via
Woman Who Fatally Shot Boyfriend in YouTube Stunt Pleads Guilty
he's not even good tbh
[HQ] 150414 CHEN cr .
he is human - jackson
EXO's Baekhyun to join ' Our Neighborhood Arts and Physical Education ' as a guest
fan : which girl group do you like the most recently ? jimin :
Aesthetic level : 100 fx 4walls
151103 Wu Yi Fan Studio : Boss Wu's 25th bday is coming up on 11/6 , with Naite he shows his romantic side for Meigeni !
UPDATE : Original GirlsGeneration "" Gee "" music video has been restored along with view count
[SCREENCAPS] 151116 Youngjae { 5 } YoungWildNFree MV WelcomeBackBAP
[HQ] 150723 BAEKHYUN cr .
[ # ] ? ! ! ! ! MONSTAX _200DAYS
[HQ] 151202 SEHUN cr : Cissy_Soon 1
Two of EXO's songs make it onto Tumblr's ' Most Reblogged Songs ' of the year
1000 ! ! 8 ! !
PIA WURTZBACH vs PIA WURTZFRONT
1theK challenges you not to laugh with GOT 7 , VIXX , CNBLUE , MONSTA X , & amp ; more !
Kris may be in China but that doesn't mean he has forgotten his Korean fans :')
160101 Yixing ( Cr _ )
bitch I am too emo thinking yall fucked him up to continue this Yall don't deserve jonghyun
this tweet & amp ; give the video a thumbs up for a follow ! STOPPING at 9999 people (:
Cam looks 10 years older when he doesn't shave
RIHANNA IS BACK ON INSTAGRAM
I feel so white , but I'm so black .
when gilinsky and Ethan are together I want to bang my head on a wall .
BLOOMINGTON LITERALLY CAN SUCK MY ASS
i wanna be nice but ppl are so annoying
carter has clearly harassed a girl sexually and if you still support him , then you don't have any respect for that girl o
having a great day in chicago :)
were you driving while you tweeted that ?
federal Wednesday ! ! ! !
CSNChicago > > Allen in , Booker out as No . 3 running back
Dont think you want to draft him now ... nasty
Pretty tasty Drinking a Snowdrift Vanilla Porter by Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company
No hossa tonight ... Greeeeaaaaat . Blackhawks stanleycup
Drinking an 2X Stout ( Double Milk Stout ) by Gilhooley's Grande Saloon
What a throw down . Shades of and Stephen Bonnar UFC 191
Gotta love it when you have more points on your bench than in your lineup . Fml fantasyfootball loser
Now available on Google Play Music and Stitcher for your listening pleasure if you're rocking the androids NoOffense
someone please take me to Disney in October
People are scared to be who they are . Suicide hotlines are busy . THIS IS NOT NORMAL / OKAY . This breaks my heart and I'm here
I had no clue ... my friends are amazing
Truly upset bc I'm not a Victoria's Secret Angel
"" They have sex , I play hokey-pokey "" - @Dayna_Tran
Missing someone and not being able to see them is the worst feeling ever .
People in LA are deathly afraid of gluten . I swear to god , you could rob a liquor store in this city with a bagel .
All of these couple goals and I'm just in the corner being single
"" But by the end of the day it was , like , the more the merrier . ""
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
when the uber driver is cute
making decisions with your friends
TeamGrimmie ARE YOU READY FOR SideB ? ! Get your shirts now - > CGForever
and by few I mean a lot
"" Love is love "" speech is playing on the Messages of Love screen out here in Orlando
ur on ur knees for a man who literally does not give a fuck about you or ur rights but ok
you think your family is judgmental ? mine has a code for "" terrible haircut "" in restaurants
so I'm pretty sure my waiter was once a Disney employee
i see no problem here
female , 19 . looking for : some new friends please
[ Google search ] Wines that pair well with lunchables
Whats really important is that season 2 of riverdale comes out tomorrow .
Traveling alone this week has actually been incredible I feel .... better . if that makes sense
Hi I'm here to discuss parallels between the children of Riverdale and their parents
Week of 11/26 in Sagittarius : It's a simple fact that the more you sing the more music there is in the air . You love m
so financial aid denied my request for a work study so idk what Im gonna do
First 4D rollercoaster to open in Texas in 2015 via
I liked a video Carly Rae Jepsen CALL ME MAYBE - Rolanda & amp ; Richard ( Parody )
This mom was shocked by her son's "" racist "" Playmobil pirate toy set :
Whoopi Goldberg launches line of medical marijuana products aimed at soothing period cramps .
I liked a video from FNAF Gmod | SISTER LOCATION BABY RELEASED ! ! ! ( FNAF Garry's Mod )
Kandi Burruss claims Phaedra Parks was unfaithful to ex-husband Apollo Nida : RHOA
I liked a video MUST WATCH ! DEMON TALKING OUT OF TEENAGE GIRL DESCRIBES THE DEVIL , HELL & amp ; HEAVEN
BEST . DAY . EVER .
Know or care about that ? Nothing . You are perfectly safe , whereas I have to worry a
It is really a moral imperative for every one of us . Heres how the UN is dealing with climate change in the era of Tr
Prayers Up : T-Boz Mourns the Recent Death of Mentally Ill Cousin Gunned Down by Police
Call right now and demand they reinstate
Kellogg apologizes for Corn Pops boxes after racism complaint :
22 Unbelievable Places that are Hard to Believe Really Exist Top Amazing Photos
Remains of Sgt . La David Johnson found weeks after his funeral
Figures ... the entire White House has been infiltrated with White Separatist .
Trump "" has abdicated his responsibility as a credible spokesman for American values "" - Fmr . CIA Acting Director
Eminem Finally Reveals His Release Date For Revival
Melanin in Full Bloom ! BlackGirlMagic - Check out these melanin beauties in Full Bloom ! Shout out ...
Republicans want to make decisions for HealthCare & amp ; Taxes although he never saw a REAL doctor and won
Watching the Roy Moore re-endorsements I'm reminded of the many , many times I've seen white people on cable news arguing bl
The and decided to again fully support and fund Moore .. They just sent the message to young teenagers tha
Overturned vodka truck shuts down Pa . ramp traffic :
Alabama Republicans : it's your choice . And what you decide Tuesday will determine what people say about our Party and your Sta
Damn fucking right we call ourselves TheResistance Glad we got your attention And we're just get
Did you send it Don ? Thanks you bigoted , racist piece of shi
"" What happened to me could happen to you .... Are you going to vote for a man that calls your child or grandchild a pervert just be
I sent the text and I received a message back that said that 50409 was on fire , and to retext in an hour , LOL
Does Trump even know which regulations he is cutting ? He's making it easier for his billionaire buddies to make mor
Paul Ryan has used his wifes inherited millions to bankroll a political career that targets women & amp ; the poor . DID U
I'm grateful my parents let me go to Disney ... but I'm oh so grateful to be back
This is what a Frozen wave in Antarctica looks like
a cute blonde girl could change your life
yeah , or you couldn't AFFORD dat milk
If I could redo today . I would . But I also wouldn't because I had yummy ice cream with
"" You have 2 minutes to roast your opponent in this part of the debate , you may begin . ""
When you spend an hour in band playing an important instrument feature that's in our next concert ... the paper
Me : "" I'm a really ugly sleeper . "" Mom : "" I'm just ugly . ""
Crocs will help you retain your virginity .
When your jam comes on
Big week this week ! We need focused intentional rehearsals ... bring your A game ... it's gonna be awesome noexcuses
many women fear sexual / domestic violence ; catcalls seem non-threatening but can include the promise of violence
Good point about young people voting more person vs party - that's what our political system is heading toward . Examples Obama + Schwarzenegger
Sf class : Is racism institutional or personal ? Retweet for yes .
SO why were you searching amazon for biker dog costumes ? Or what were you looking at that brought that as similar products ?
Remember when SharkWeek aired shows all day long instead of just at night ? Pepperidge Farms remembers .
Amazing statement he made in 1973 this is a fact .
When the Moon Kisses the Sea
BREAKING : Taliban forces enter key Afghan city Kunduz : witnesses -
Pic from the First Intifada 87 A bullet in the heart by Israeli occupation forces IsraeliTerrorism continues
Aerial drop-off of army taking place now in alHawijah as Iraqi forces try to liberate the area from Daesh terrorists
Israeli man says Chilean officials drew penis on his passport & amp ; wrote ' long live Palestine '
Article reveals US "" advisors "" engaged in direct combat role to help struggling Peshmerga forces
dude what do you smoke ? "" Khomeini is a US stooge "" evidence ? !
I don't know why u say that , people here refer to themselves as Iranian first then fars tork kord arab etc .
cover up for what ? Who was he trying to fool ? Doesn't make sense at all
yes I have . He was born in Balkh and moved west because of Mongol invasion . Not a single turkish poem from him
I want to go buy a gallon of that stuff lol
The thought of him alone sent her hormones into a frenzy 99cents comedy paranormal
NEW RELEASE Miss Matched Raging Falls Book 2 99cents PNR BBW
COMING SOON The Bear King's Captive PNR 99cents curvy
COMING SOON The Bear King's Captive PNR 99cents curvy
COMING SOON The Bear King's Captive PNR 99cents curvy
She glared up at him and restrained the urge to slap the arrogance from his face . BBW
RELEASES TOMORROW The Bear Captive PNR 99cents curvy
She glared up at him and restrained the urge to slap the arrogance from his face . BBW
Leah knew why they hunted her , but shed never regret her actions . paranormal
The Mate Challenge ( BBW Paranormal Shape Shifter Romance ) via
Club Duo ( BBW Romance ) via
She really needed to get some toys and stop staring at random mens backsides . amazon BBW
Club Duo ( BBW Romance ) via
hed blow up her phone telling her to get the hell out . BBW curvy humor romance paranormal comedy
A Sassy Wedding ( BBW Paranormal Shape Shifter Romance ) ( Sassy Mates series )
The Bear King's Captive : Paranormal Shape Shifter Romantic Suspense Latin God ... via
Release DayFighting for her Mate ( Sassy Mates Book 5 ) PNR curvy
Fighting for Her Mate ( Sassy Mates book 5 ) by Milly Taiden BBW PNR KindleUnlimited
Scent of a Mate : Sassy Mates , Book 1 by Milly Taiden BBW PNR
RELEASE DAY ALL KITTEN ASIDE PNR curvy shifter
grinned at the beautiful curvy brunette with hazel eyes giving him the death glare . Humor comed
Bearfoot and Pregnant : BBW Paranormal Shape Shifter Romance ( Paranormal Datin ... via
Kissing Sassy by SassyEverAfter Huge event join now
50 % off Bianyo 72 Colors Dual Tip Art Markers promotion code : 5N62 - M4Q37X - TMPRZ 2 giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Fantastic Zone Oil Wax Leather Women Top ... "" by Fantastic Zone . giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Travel Pillow , Feagar Compact & amp ; Portable , Cover W ... "" by Feagar . giveaway
$ 9.49 for White Gold Plated Solitaire Wedding Engagement Ring w / Code VTQEOE 5V giveaway
Only $ 9.49 for Fashion Women's Rose Gold Round Hoop Earrings w / Code TOBERTF 1 giveaway
Only $ 8.54 for Black Car SUV Back Seat Headrest Hanger Storage Hooks Set of 4 giveaway
Sullivan now leads St . Clair 7-1 in the top of the 6th
St . Clair girls defeat New Haven 71-33 .
St . Clair and Sullivan headed to OT in boys soccer . stcbulldogs
Undisputed 2015 Four Rivers Conference CHAMPIONS ! ! ! !
Proud of the JV boys for grinding out a 38-29 victory over Pacific . We play Washington Saturday at 10:00 for consolation .
JV boys defeat St . James 40-35 . STCR 13 schsmo
Please join me in congratulating Kyle Kruse as the new Supt . of St . Clair R-XIII Schools effective July 1 , 2016 .
Union scores to start the 4th . Now lead 28-20 .
63-62 Dogs lead with 1:05 to play .
JV Bulldogs win the 3rd place trophy at Borgia . Congrats boys .
Great game boys ! Exciting . Great job from our during both games . stcr 13
Dutchmen with a late rally but Dogs hang on for a 6-5 win .
Help support St Clair AFJROTC Cadet Dexter Hanley in his battle with cancer . greatkid stcr 13 jrotc
Good luck to the volleyball team and the softball team tomorrow in their tournament
Admission into Friday nights game at borgia will be $ 7 for everyone ages 6 and up . No passes allowed .
Im not sorry for who we used to be . Im just sorry for what we have become . Strangers .
I occasionally hang out with my boy friend and go to his hockey games .
Can someone please buy me this cat ? Plz
When Rihanna said I regret opening up to some people , they didnt deserve to know me like that . BITCH ME TOO
dude I want to go to there
I just snorted so loud
"" Poor SchroederHe thought he was going to win an amateur contest "" ( Peanuts , 1958 )
... "" We've just got seven hours of show to go . It'll be five in the morning . No big . ""
Just perfection . If you want to feel less alone today ...
There is a woman in Nineveh , is there not ? A beautiful young asparagus ?
Mystery bruise status : Appaloosa pony dapples THE STRUG . ALL OVER MA BODAY .
"" Satisfaction "" hasn't even premiered yet and I'm already bored to death
I'm at a Japanese tea shop on St Marks and this is what's playing as background music
Only serial killers wear jeans when they're home alone
the most important lesson of worldbuilding all fantasy authors subsequent to tolkien have basically ignored is how many b
this is all pretty good
saw Mad Max again last night , liked it even more this time . it's a really good thing I don't have a car .
God , give me the strength of a woman with good ideas and the confidence of a man with bad ones .
this gets quoted SO much in the Jonker household .
Ok I know I say this every year but REALLY , where is the "" Chess : The Musical "" revival for which the people clamor ?
There should be a saint for impossible crushes because he or she would be prayed to A LOT
"" We should have taken a left turn at Albuquerque "" - guy in a sombrero who just walked by me
Superman 1950 - Keep your school all American - by Wayne Boring .
cascading fuckery on the NYC subway today , which always reminds me of this superb piece on MTA's interlinked decay :
Thomas Pope : did u guys spell my name right Other actors : yeah it's fine Thomas Pope : r u sure bc it's kind of important acto
When we got to our destination ( LSU game / brunch Chimi V's ) we had to restrain my mom from smacking a small child at the next table over ...
There are days when one just wants to leave one's life behind and become a shieldmaiden of the Rohirrim
Havent tweeted this by in awhile . Seems like a good time for it .
Please let me know thoughts on my spot-on impression of
1 . I look forward to this list all year 2 . Why does all the cool paranormal stuff happen to everyone but me ?
When Pumkin spit on New York and then NY threw into that camera ... It's still just as funny as the 1st time ! FlavorOfLove
To take off Friday or not to take off Friday ... That is the question !
I thought he was an uncle or moms ex that molested her . She can't hit her daddy upside the head . HTGAWM
I'm dizzy and tired and just got my breath back , but it's done .
Finally feeling better . Slept all day ...
I left my iPad at work . That alarm gone go off at 5:45 .
Hold up ! So , Xfinity gave everybody Starz ? ? ? Is that why my bill went up cuz I was gone call the about that ! Lol !
They probably cry getting a shot . You'd be surprised how many big ass kids cry getting shots . LOL ! ! !
OH YEAH ! ! ! I'm glad you reminded me !
Does Charley have a different mom from Ralph Angel and Nova ? Why they treat her like a black sheep ? QueenSugar
Ok now , let's get back to Nate ! HTGAWM
If anybody is going to interview , it has to be . She's the only one who'll do , it with class and get her some help .
I can be petty and unforgiving . God ain't through with me yet . I would never have anything to do with Lisa after that . Married 2Med
Had my 1st mammogram . No definite signs of cancer but the tissue is dense . Should I worry ?
I'm mad as all outdoors ! That's big mad to you young people ! Married 2Med
Yeah ... That was some low down stuff Kandi pulled . RHOA
The hospital admitting didn't call me back . So , that means I won't have a copay ? ? ? That's what she said !
One of my bffs lost her dad 12/29 / 2016 . So unexpected ... Married 2Med
Horrid ! Lol ! ! !
I sent an email telling the significance of the cookies . Some people are racist and don't even care . Mfs ... MyLifeInTheSouth
This is sooooooo me ! KMSL ! ! ! The accuracy ...
Stupid pollen got me feeling like crap .
Get out of your feelings ! Casey said Black and Latin people during her crime . Same as Susan Smit
All of them keep certain things personal . At least they try .
He's assuming they killed the dogs and not acknowledging that filth probably killed them and made him sick . FearThyNeighbor
I do thank God for the people in my life who try to understand and don't just dismiss me . Fibromyalgia
Shout out to & amp ; for having a mind of their own . BBWLA
There should've been some violence . You not just gone call me a hoe lil fuck boy ! Insecure
I am most excited about the lipgloss !
Gotta see Diana Ross ! Brb ! Married 2Med
i'm not a fucking option . you either choose me , or lose me ..
calm tf down you ain't hot shit
but it's time to let you go
I ain't complaining tho .. ' Cause I'd rather have a few real friends then a bunch of fake ass ones
My mum just said lamborghini mercy ' what is going on
Close your eyes and get some sleep said the moon ...
I wanna nap but I have a feeling that I won't wake up until tmrw morning
This birds laughing at me
Two shots in a day killme
Tonights gonna be poppin !
Courtney gets off work a 10 fml , wish she was here already .
I deserve someone who gives a shit .
WeAlmostDatedBut you liked country music , I'm not tryna die anytime soon
Still have a headache from yesterday oh yay
hahah yess mostly the dumb white girls xDD but why does the black guys almost always die first ?
What are "" friends ""
Fuck being nice to people who don't deserve it
I need to start making my scrap book of senior year
Do you ever stub your toe and wonder where you went wrong with life
I don't think anyone will ever see eye to eye with me
Funny though cause I know exactly who it is toooo screenshotthatshit
Can't believe it's almost been 7 years since my dad passed ... Time flies
I love pain .. No tattoos or piercings hurts ... The nips tho
I feel like I could devour a whole pizza right now
Am I the only pet owner who tries to take their cats on walks ? No matter how hard I try it'll never work .... + =
Wow .... I never thought of it like that Happy 12/13 / 14 !
"" like a waterfall , once it starts , it can never be stopped "" - Julia Catherine JWQOTD
I'm saying they aren't the kind of artists I would want to listen to at the Superbowl
I'm gonna find them and give them the good ol ' knuckle sandwich
CHANG CHANG ! CHANGITY CHANG CHOO BOP !
Warning : Use At Your Own Risk
Pronounced : Hi , I'm PhilMickelsonprogolfer .
Respect the ghost man .
For every this gets donates a bowl of food to starving dogs ! it takes 2 secs tweetforbowls
text conversations that start just w / "" hey "" r obnoxious
* filling out applications * What are some of your greatest accomplishments ? * writes "" I've caught a bee without getting stung . "" *
thank you very much mEGHAN ! love ya ! !
Shoutout to my dumbass tassel for being in my face for half of the graduation ceremony
i miget have afe half that cake
Justin case double bagger senario : maybe i should put a paper bag on my head justin case hers falls off
how about Alex Quigley ?
shit workcawing out at charter
I wholeheartedly agree . * Language warning *
Macintosh SE Restoration and SD - 2 - SCSI upgrade via
selfie Snapchat Columbus , Georgia
Instagram post by The Best Of Tumblr Feb 28 , 2017 at 7:01 pm UTC
Instagram post by anxiety Mar 10 , 2017 at 9:45 pm UTC
The Try Guys March In The Pride Parade
Dad Tries Out Windows 2000 With Mum Watching
So , finally has LTE in Ellerslie ! It's not too bad , either ! Ellerslie , Georgia
Praying for the beautiful souls we lost , their families and loved ones , for the survivors who will forever be impacted by this
Stackable modern rings ! You're edgy and innovative , so you know your ring is going to reflect that . A regular ...
Instagram post by LADbible Jul 21 , 2017 at 3:05 pm UTC
The president just went on Twitter to attack 15,000 trans service members who are risking their lives to protect our fre
Instagram post by Gushers Aug 8 , 2017 at 9:35 pm UTC
Retweeted Miranda Sings ( @MirandaSings ): IM VERY TALENTED AT EATING
Retweeted Ellen DeGeneres ( @TheEllenShow ): Care . Love . Be outraged . Be devastated . Just dont give up . The world needs good humans today .
18 Odd Things About America That Americans Haven't Realized
. @NateBoyer37 on the American flag : "" We wouldn't drape it over fallen heroes ' coffins if it wasn't the most important piece of
Get well soon I hope for a fast recovery .
Im sorry , I just cant follow this ! You can NOT blame for what happened ! You
JUST IN : President Trump plans to ' decertify ' the Iran nuclear deal , reports say :
Just posted a video Taco Bell
Dedication . Pride . Family . Catch up on BlueBloods now :
Just posted a photo Greeley , Colorado
Fantastic mental health work at inc meeting with the Duchess of Cambridge on WorldMentalHealthDay
BALLS TO THE WALL FUCKERS ! ! ! !
This one is from but still played a doctor !
Just posted a photo Milliken , Colorado
Just posted a photo Milliken , Colorado
Happening in my backyard ..... OUR BACKYARD ! America we need to stand together & amp ; say NO MORE ! MAGA ColoradoStrong
Just posted a photo Milliken , Colorado
I used Shazam to discover Last Dance by Def Leppard .
Huge thanks to the Gala Ball for all your support for - enjoy the night !
Just posted a photo Evans , Colorado
Just posted a photo Milliken , Colorado
On-air now : The Joe Elliott Show ! Top tunes from Mr and some tales along the way !
On-air now : The Joe Elliott Show Joe has tunes from Be Bop Deluxe , Down N Outz , Bad Company and more !
To solve the crime , they've got to think like criminals . BlueBloods is new Friday at 10/9 c !
Transmission went out ! ! ! !
I wish I could get my hands on it ! ! ! ! LOL But , Mama & amp ; her stuff comes first ! FuckCancer
Please RETWEET . Searching for the parents of Oyescha . We found this sweetheart outside our home with an 805 phone numb
The Liberation Of Auschwitz , 1945 . Photograph by Boris Ignatovich .
sorryyy ! just got off 3 night shifts today .. i slept till like 9 p . m ! when do you leave for mass ?
I think of what little resources my paper has , and then I see this non-news and a small part of me dies .
Why am I so lazy after con weekend ? ConHangover indiepub
I'm mostly biking everywhere I can , some running and weight lifting . Gotta build those legs for speed skating season !
To check out all of my recommended reading about Japan and Tech from this week , check out Hikozine
Busted out the roadie - forgot how fast it is compared to my mountain bike ...
What sorcery is this ? lol
Ironman Wisconsin 38.8 miles :
Anyway , you made it all worthwhile - even just one person understanding it means more than I can express . : )
Anyone here ever read David Sedaris ? That's my hot date tomorrow . I tried to get an interview with him but he doesn't do those , I'm told .
It's sure easier to keep checking Twitter than talk myself into getting up and doing more packing .
Named after Japanese scientists looking for the optimal training interval . Warm up , then 20 sec of all out effort , 10 of rest .
Turns out , the guy who invented beanie babies was a big prick - the beanie baby bubble :
This look at the creator of Mad Men and having faith through countless rejections is brilliant :
Its a tough workout , but it gets a guy in shape ...
The only lesson is , you gotta keep at it . ~ R . L . Stine writing
Now this I'm fascinated with ( @evancass will appreciate ):
I like my job , and am lucky enough to have a job I can do freelance when I'm not working at it full time .
If you have any interest in dark money or the Koch Bros . network , this is fascinating :
Pretty much sums up why I find robots fascinating :
Thanks , I'll keep that in mind !
This is definitely a thread worth reading - even better if you've worked with developers :
Hit the ground running today with a three hour writing session , finishing part iv of robot awareness . Let's do this ! amwriting
You had me at rode a bike !
Machinery of night . Wausome No . 7 cityphotography nightphotography wausome citylights
So , yes and no , depending on who you ask :
You mean like how I used to get charged by a circuit court system $ 1.25 a page for electronic criminal complaints ?
This one was epic . I actually had to go home and change . ISpilledCoffeeSoYouDidntHaveTo
Meeting canceled due to conflict with housecatting schedule ...
Ah , the joys of journalism !
Tyler V had the best one . When Townies was just a dream , he put up a sig
Give yourself permission to write that crappy first draft . You can't fix a blank page . pubtip
I've got withdrawal symptoms caused by merlin
you told me to ask and ye shall receive
Benny is officially in my good books now and it better stay that way . * side-eyeing the writers *
look what my awesome sisters got me for Christmas :)
Love him he was so awesome as victor on dollhouse please let MurderInManhattan get picked up :)
I just backed The Veronica Mars Movie Project on
HOLY CRAP , my favorite fist bump ever ! Epic PsychFinale
I'm seriously going to miss Matt , I'm still not over David leaving
I'm watching NightShift with 402 other fans on tvtag
I'm reading the bible during this multi-tasking
what did you think of the Spn episode AsTimeGoesBy
hey can I smack it too lol
I don't know I haven't heard anything
& amp ; in some cases death
Awww look at my kitty cat
omg guys ! ! ! I got my presents ! ! ! I am sooooo happy ! ! They are soooo be ...
I eat books they taste wordy
Couldn't go without sharing this ;) so funny Destiel
IKR look at the details
some friends are total bed hogs
goodnight nice chatting with ya ^_^
I haven't been on cause I've been sick :(
I just got a chance to watch it going to NY tomorrow so very busy lol but omg you're adorable
ProudToBeAFanOf the not normal person that i love
I know I'm just watching these people's faces these human begins with a look
IKR I'm addicted to it
she thought it was really yummy
Argentina I wish I could take a trip there one day & amp ; I like Bon jovi don't listen to him a lot but he's a great musician
MGMT , Bon Iver , Santigold , The xx , Warpaint , Death cab for cutie , The White Stripes , The Strokes , Band of Skulls
I want to be buried in my unicorn Megstiel shirt k & amp ; I want Misha Collins to be at my funeral too
before us & amp ; she was freaking out cause the doors to our sink were open & amp ; it wasn't when we left turns out the people who work
your Siri is nicer than mine
My TeenChoice nominee for ChoiceTVChemistry is Dean and Castiel
one person followed me / / automatically checked by
Thats definitely OPI . Crabtree should know better in that spot . KCvsOAK
So what you're saying is , the league is going out of their way to conspire against Zeke .
Last week of our Kickstarter , any RTs appreciated ! Spread the vision of our immersive WW2 FPS -
So Dak carried Dallas to 13-3 last year ? Dak is carrying Dallas this year ? Sure , bud . I might
Refs missed a really blatant facemask by 49ers on that Wentz sack . Fans at the Linc here booing upon replay . Eagles
I mean , no context of what the word that's blacked out and hearsay of an obviously photoshopped image . G
In reality , all you're doing is deflectin
Eagles scored 31 points in 20 minutes and 14 seconds against the NFL's best defense .
FREE Brassilisk pet available to all ESO players ! Claim yours in the Crown Store on PC / Mac & amp ; the PlayStation or Xbox Stor
Translation : you have no idea what the definition of "" dismiss "" it and are refusing to accept the English -
Yeah , you've said "" retard "" twice now because we all know that crude insults such as th
Ive created countless commercial applications and projects for an un
. @AroundTheNFL better get started on finding a spin for next week's blowout loss for the Cowboys too . FlyEaglesFly
Uh .. Dak is ranked 10th on PFF ( going to b
These Running Backs have the most yards from Shotgun this season ! HereWeGo ChiefsKingdom Chargers Texans BroncosCount
Here come the 10yds curls to Witten all game ! PHIvsDAL
And to think I was actually concerned at the end of the first half . When this team gets cooking they are a force to be re
An article penned by a Patriots fan that does
Eagles did just fine on SNF . Odd though that Dallas has lucked out like this , twice in five days .
lol .. no game-planning goes into covering for a missing LT ; a missing
"" yea injuries happen but not like that "" .
Before you get your panties in a bunch , t
Nice use of Google for pseudo-intellectual catchwords like bombastic . lmaooooo
LOL .. now you're gloating about three likes on a subtweet ? Pathetic .
After they shit the bed against Seattle , I dont have much faith in Philly winning tomorrow but I do know two thing
They play the Giants , Raiders , and then Dallas . Eagles would need to lose all three and the Rams / Panther
Giants know the Eagles corners are playing far off , and so far seem very happy to just dink-and-dunk their way down
Raiders aren't winning this one . Gene Steratore made certain of that . DALvsOAK
One can resist the invasion of an army , but one cannot resist the invasion of ideas . ~ Voltaire
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light . Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times . ~ Napoleon Hill
Find a tiny stream in which your strengths can flow , and carve it into the Mississippi . ~ Marcus Buckingham
Wealth is not a matter of intelligence it's a matter of inspiration . - Jim Rohn
Hope is the power of being cheerful in circumstances we know to be desperate . - G . K . Chesterton
It is better to be hated for who you are than to be loved for what you are not . - Andr Gide
Theres this being so open-minded your brains drop out . - Albert Einstein
A computer makes it possible to do , in half an hour , tasks which were completely unnecessary to do before . - Unknown
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world , not even our troubles . Charlie Chaplin
Don't walk behind me ; I may not lead . Don't walk in front of me ; I may not follow . Just walk beside me and be my friend . Albe
for a chance to win a signed Polaroid of TheWalkingDead cast ! TWDCastSweeps
If debugging is the process of removing software bugs , then programming must be the process of putting them in .
make your fave soup and pasta dish . substitute any meat or dairy in recipes ( vegan substitutes at grocery ) .
Pearls Peril 2x Free Cash 13th Sep 2014
Mr Tiggs - Dog - Cat - Pet - Competitions
Be Beautiful Inside and Out : Support Cruelty-Free Cosmetics via
Protect Lions From Cruel Trophy Hunting - The Rainforest Site via
Domino's Pizza : Get Domino's Pizza to stop using inhumane gestation crates for pigs . via
Malta's "" Animal Park "" must be ...
Click To Give To Charity
BAN OR CONTROL WEAPONS ...
Meet the clinicians returning to West Africa - - not just for a few months , but for a year :
Please sign-I say shut them down - Clamp Down or SHUT DOWN Cornerstone Farms ! via
Unionville NC : Rescue needed for Vetted Mama / Daddy & amp ; Puppies
Los Angeles : Adopt sweet dog who is not eating in boarding . She will do much better in loving foster / forever home .
I'm giving away : Raspberry Breakfast Braid . Check it out - listia
Wow ! I just won this for free , Harley Davidson T shirt listia
Protect our communities from the effects of climate change with the PrepareAct . Take action with
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Queen Anne Lace Seeds
My cousin Roland is working on a movie about the legendary Jeremie massacre in Haiti , around which my grandfather was murde
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Children 5x7 coloring booklet 1of4
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Bookmark
Wow , I love I just won this for free , BIG ZAC rare king of the MASSIVE tomatoes-This is the c
Win and Rgine singing Bowie's "" Oh ! You Pretty Things "" while parading the streets of NOLA . [brookejaxon]
Wow , I love I just won this for free , * QUARTER ROLLS *
I'm giving away something for you on Pecan Peach Muffins ( recipe ) . Get it here -
I'm giving away something for you on Hot and Spicy Popcorn ( recipe ) . Get it here -
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Four ( 4 ) Sets of Flower Seeds of Valley Greene Heirloom
Wow , I love I just won this for free , Southern Skillet Fried Corn . NO GIN
Wow , I love I just won this for free , PLUTO-EXPLORED SOUVENIR SHEET - - MNH USA FOREVER 2016 S
Many presidents speak / read other languages even if not fluent , what other languages do you have some practical experience with TrumpTODAY
wretstlemaina went an hour AN HOUR over nope
Yeah I don't think I'm leaving my dorm today .... LaborDayWeekend
Will the BrokenHardys persona continue ? ? HardyBoyz TagTeamChampions Wrestlemania
Rip bob we hardly knew he strangerthings
Selamat siang Luxens . Kalian lg gapain nih ?
Luxens ! Kemarin admin Ash udh ngasih tau gimana cara beli Lux series versi english . Disini nih
Selamat pagi Luxens ... ;) )
Karna sebelumnya Arum udah bikin kalian pusing nyari kata , giveaway kali ini dijamin mudah deh . Pertanyaannya next tweet ya ;)
ntar siang aja ya bahasnya :)
Who wins MichiganvsOhioState ? Fav for Michigan Retweet for OhioState
Red Sox twitter is suicidal and excited and i don't know how to feel either
it's the same week every year from boxing day to the new year
When i go to church I pray to Zander Diamont .
oh look it's the most popular players from all the most popular teams
. @JoelEmbiid wants the Cowboys to lose today . NBAVOTE Joel Embiid .
Smitty is a better RB than Pres . No doubt about it . Dude's a monster
It is a crime the Migos aren't performing for the Super Bowl halftime show .
that's 2,140 tweet's worth of book
he didn't choose to be traded
Harry Giles looks like Harrison Barnes but more duke-ier . Harrison is the GOAT tho .
THE FIRST TRUE TITANIC MOMENT OF THE 2017 NCAA TOURNAMENT ! ! ! NIGEL HAYES ' GO AHEAD BUCKET IS MUCH BETTER W / TITANIC MUSIC !
never forget Ohio State was the only team not to score in their bowl game
best thing he's said in his whole career
Kendrick needs to stick to Kung fu
I'm gonna play my ass off in the tourney
also nearing 6 years since we murdered his bitch ass
Gary woke everyone with this one ...
+ 1 for randy robatille
Francois can make every throw , man . He's got a chance to be really , really special .
what the fuck is Marcus tie knot
The Bears just ran the greatest 2 point conversion play of all time
I'm getting $ 10 to spend on because Ive got Klout ! Thanks for my MOOPerk
10 Nail Polish Shades Were Obsessed With Right NowFor Under $ 10 - beauty nails
Happy 94th Birthday Betty White ....... BettyWhite birthday
I favorited a video Books to Read in 2011 for sure !
I liked a video from Alice Madness Returns walkthrough Part 27 chapter
I've favourited an video Flo Rida : "" Good Feeling "" ( Lyric video )
I liked a video Kids React to the Cinnamon Challenge
Lucky Palms looks amazing ! ! :) I love the scenery It's beautiful . luckypalms
Everyone start trending TheFish for ...
Woot ! Congrats ! !
Girls ' Generation Is my pick for Fan Army Sones
for a chance to win a free booster tshirt paranormal
We have to get to Congress before Big Cable's lobbyists do . Tell your lawmakers we don't want legislation . They have th
do you think I'll get a ticket if I go tomorrow at 2 ?
Mother and daughter bonding time : googling "" micropenis "" together .
Q : WhatAreTheOdds that truth , justice , & amp ; Compassion 4All will win out ? A : 100 %
( Not finished and have to fix things ) I almost started crying again when I was editing this ... mo
Oh hello , tiny dappled dachshund
One month till I put on my beret and shemagh again and load up the angel-blade bullets ! Can't wait !
I found this silly story that I wrote when I was younger .
/ there are tons of used bike shops you can look up on Yelp if you don't mind them being older / heavier :)
Tampons apparently don't really exist in Kenya . Just thought everyone should know that little tidbit .
I'm trying to win free festival tickets ! If it saves me $ 250 , I'll post a million in a row
a kid at my work was just telling me about that yesterday ! He said it was awesome
everyday-wins - 0 : theCHIVE -
Cash Flow ! Ahaaaaaa !
Breast Cancer Knowledge Mission complete sir ...
Change your birthday to your birth week I will send you more and more pictures
NowPlaying Spotify's playlist Teen Pop ! on Spotify
To everyone who plays please go and add me at Moisesisolaf 241 then add my backup because i am am making a video bye <3
RACHEL HALP IT DOES NOT LET ME POST COMMENTS ON YOUR STREAM
Happy International Cochlear Implant Day from AB ! cochlearimplant
Pls call your Congressperson because didn't help stop HUD-VASH veteranabuse
I was terminated 11/30 / 2014 from HUD-VASH for being a whistleblower on VA & amp ; HUD - YouTube Channel
Thanks for the retweet . Please call VA Secretary Bob's cellphone on my behalf (513) 509-8454 My cellphone is (561) 755-3641
Pls watch my entire playlist & amp ; continue to retweet until this VA veteranabuse & amp ; HUD housingfraud ends 4 every veteran !
Pls call your Congressperson - #HUD FairHousing didn't investigate 06/17 / 14 disabledveteranabuse
Yes Kerrick , This is real . Sincerely , Veteran Miriam
Yes Kerrick , This is real . Sincerely , Veteran Miriam
Yes Kerrick , This is real . Sincerely , Veteran Miriam
Tried media months ago aired a bank robber not VA veteranabuse & amp ; HUD housingfraud -
Tried media months ago aired a bank robber not VA veteranabuse & amp ; HUD housingfraud -
Tried media months ago aired a bank robber not VA veteranabuse & amp ; HUD housingfraud -
All on Twitter : Pls call David VA & amp ; tell him give Veteran Miriam back her * Home for the Holidays *
Good morning Celestial 119 . Please call David ... on the hour ... every hour ... until I get back my * Home for the Holidays * !
All on Twitter : Pls call David VA & amp ; tell him to give Veteran Miriam back her * Home for the Holidays *
All on Twitter : Pls call David VA & amp ; tell him to give Veteran Miriam back her * Home for the Holidays *
I was terminated 11/30 / 2014 from HUD-VASH for being a whistleblower on VA & amp ; HUD - YouTube Channel
All on Twitter : Pls call David VA & amp ; tell him 2 give Veteran Miriam back her * Home for the Holidays *
I am Simba . Please call VA David 202-461-9552 & amp ; tell him to give back our "" Home for the Holidays "" !
I am Simba . Please call VA David 202-461-9552 & amp ; tell him to give back our "" Home for the Holidays "" !
I am Simba . Please call VA David 202-461-9552 & amp ; tell him to give back our "" Home for the Holidays "" !
I am Simba . Please call VA David 202-461-9552 & amp ; tell him to give back our "" Home for the Holidays "" !
I am Simba . Please call VA David 202-461-9552 & amp ; tell him to give back our "" Home for the Holidays "" !
Simba Sez : I want a * Home for the Holidays * Pls help Mommy - VA & amp ; HUD won't Click Here to Donate :
Need your help USAF trending : US Marine imprisoned in Iran FreeAmir
Simba Sez : I want a * Home for the Holidays * Pls help Mommy - VA & amp ; HUD won't ! Click Here to Donate :
Simba Sez : I want a * Home for the Holidays * Pls help Mommy - VA & amp ; HUD won't ! Click Here to Donate :
Simba Sez : I want a * Home for the Holidays * Pls help Mommy ! Click Here Now :
Simba Sez : I want a * Home for the Holidays * Pls help Mommy ! Click Here Now :
Simba Sez : I want a * Home for the Holidays * Pls help Mommy ! Click Here Now :
Simba Sez : I want a * Home for the Holidays * Pls help Mommy ! Click Here Now :
"" @joehos18 : BOOM - Univision Reluctantly Reports Donald Trump Leading With Latino Republicans ....
Really wish one of my sisters would get off our Netflix account right now .
ICYMI : Apple Remembers Steve Jobs With Emotional Video -
IBM sees SaaS as driver for social business in the cloud SocBiz
IBMPulse is now and YOU could be a speaker ! ibmintercon
Video : How Services in Bluemix Power Mobile Apps , with ibmmobile ibmbluemix
IBM cloud technology is OpenByDesign . HybridCloud news from IBMInterConnect . Details :
pretty much sums up my point of view on design . "" at ibmdesign SXSW 2015 SXSW - good stuff
Experience Cloud Foundry , Docker and OpenStack in one compelling UX bluemix freetrial
IBM introduces new program for students and women ibmbluemix
IBMinsight Hashtag Explodes Today Hitting 12,000 Tweets ! socialmedia BigData
Nice ! Azure Webjobs , IMB OpenWhisk ,
10 Important Career Lessons Most People Learn Too Late In Life
IBM speeds cloud migration with new large-capacity portable storage device aimed to cut time & amp ; cost :
How do you make a good thing better ? GLITTER .
Now that November is here , we can focus on the important stuff .
Less than a month until I'm there ! centenaryingreece
John Lennon : Imagine all the people Me : Ok but this is extremely boring
ADAPT . ADJUST . AND OVER COME .
I don't care what anyone says , Diet Coke is amazing
I'm so glad Odell Beckham Jr exists
Zeta 1 : I'm glad I'm a ZTA me : BOOM BOOM WEareZTA
The puns with the sunglasses - iconic . And he cares so much !
Taylor back on snl , so its time to bring back the iconic MONOLOGUE SONG
Waco is awesome ! ! 10/10 would recommend
: "" his dick is small ""
I don't care if you've killed a man YOU CANNOT STOP ANSWERING ME IF YOU ARE TRYING TO MAKE PLANS
I think I've found the best vine ever made
new favorite thing is replacing lyrics that say "" my baby "" with the phrase "" a baby "" so it sounds like the songs about a li
Happy 2 weeks my love
u can make me laugh anytime GrowOldTogether Happiness CantWait PatienceIsImportant
it's so funny how some haters wait all day for your posts . Only to tweet
awww you are so sweet
ILoveYouSoMuch MineAlways Goodnight and God bless you my sweetheart
Who will win the Democratic nomination ?
Varejao acting like he just posterized someone just to flop out of bounds to toss the ball at someone lmfao
Taking money from countries that kill gays while being "" their champion . "" HillaryAccomplishments
Obama visits Asia . North Korea holds massive fireworks display in his honor .
this is how the Clintons have helped the black community
Russell Westbrook unleashes the Shammgod !
Since November 8th , Election Day , the Stock Market has posted $ 3.2 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 1
I highly doubt that that you highly doubt that
do fish smoke seaweed ? this is the bullshit i wake up thinking about in the middle of the night
Everybody thinks your "" dad bod "" is sexy until they realize you're actually a childless cat lady in her late thirties .
Getting "" The King of hell "" tattooed on my ass
Kids teach us so much . Like , how to yell through clenched teeth and how to give up completely on our dreams .
So much fun today ! ! ! Got to hang out with some awesome peeps ! ! My mom , , & amp ; her mom ! ! Love these gals ! !
Finally feeling better from sickness and now my tongue feels swollen :'( Can I just have one day of feeling good :/
GUYS IF I GET 25,000 RETWEETS , MY FRIEND'S MOM WILL GET HIM A DOG PLEASE RETWEET
Life is nothing but a rat race .
I just need someone to beat good posture into me
"" Curious ... very curious "" in the voice of Ollivander every time i look at people's snapchat best friends .
spooning it cause I'm classier than
about that .... I think I took that one and gave it to Amber but she returned it so I should last until the iPhone !
If thinking Christmas sweaters are cute is wrong , I don't wanna be right .
Jacobas witness and bigmommasb straight killin ' it
I'm gonna hitch a ride when you come get Erin lolzzz
Apt 5 smells like hog shit because Amber ew
Veishea attendance points are the best
no I live in apt 5
My mom made me redownload snapchat after 10 days but at least I was greeted by 200 + seconds of bffnation
I start off sentences with "" yeah , no "" and really that doesn't make any sense at all
Fuck her right in the pussy
"" Erin , you uncultured swine ""
Once I knew a guy who lost the whole left side of his body . He's alright now .
Imma drop the most fire shirtless pic . S / o to douche of the year
The Cold War is so underrated
You haven't made it as an artist until you don't have to sing any cover songs during concerts .
Who did it better ?
History teacher trying to teach about the Huns like we all haven't seen Mulan
Tubes were backed up , had to walk 30 min to train station ... starting this trip off with a BANG
The fact that they aren't together in real life really bothers me ...
it's not the fan art we want , it's the fan art we NEED
i had a bad day
itsabouttime should be released again :D
If you love me , you'll click this link .
BeatCancer BeatCancer BeatCancer BeatCancer BeatCancer BeatCancer BeatCancer BeatCancer BeatCancer BeatCancer BeatCancer :D
That's really fantastically , epically , without a doubt , just ... awesome ! :D
I NEED SOME HELP ... are univox electric guitars considered good ?
Heeeeeeeeey since you're doing shoutouts and all ... think you could give me one ? :) PRETTY PLEASE WITH A LLAMA ON TOP ? hehehe
i have ! i live pretty close too :) we should go sometime o.o ...
I apologize for my obsessive tweeting
What's your favorite book ? :)
dear iced tea . marry me .
Watch LTD 2 tomorrow night ! It's about Rockin ' Acts Of Kindness ...
OH MY GOSH ARE YOU ALIVE ? ! ?
What are u doing in there ? :)
I accidentilly clicked the tour thing on TJ , and it gave me a code , but my presale isnt until the 25th ... what do i do ? o.o
Just found some of my best friends in the entire world .... 2 of the 101 dalmatians :D
HAPPY BIIIIIIIIRTHDAY I got you a pony :)
Listening to Billy Gilman songs ... So Amazing ... is my inspiration :)
cambiochat sooooo ...... new album ? ;)
I have Harry Potter Scene It , the Complete Cinematic Journey , and I challenge YOU .
QrewKicksYEEZYGIVEAWAY Retweet this tweet and FOLLOW ME to enter ! Winner will be picked at the end of the Super Bowl !
Hope to see you at AX !
Why am I hyped for my fit tmr
Telling someone they can't be sad because others have it worse , Is like saying someone can't be happy because others have it b
boy : wyd ? me : about to go in the shower boy : without me ? ;)
Going on your first date ? Avoid these 5 mistakes
Each girl has that one boy they will never lose feelings for .
The colours you wear account for 62-90 % of someones first impression . People who wear brighter colours tend to do better .
If the horn accidentally sounds while making love in a car , the couple can face a jail term . ( New Jersey )
Any man owning more than 12 sheep must prove that he is not a pimp . ( Scotland )
The world can't keep us down ! New t-shirt available exclusively at -
If Monday were to look like anything , I think this is it ! HoneyBooBoo Blah
It is legal for a male to have sex with an animal as long as it does not exceed 40 lbs . ( West Virginia )
Blanche : Sophia , do you know where any batteries are ? Sophia : You make me sick !
Perks of Dating Me : I dont go anywhere , so we can always hangout Im too ugly to cheat on you Sometimes im funny I liv
Cosmopolitan combined Disney with 50 Shades of Grey , & amp ; the result is HILARIOUS check it out !
I got Violet ! Which Incredible Skill Are You Most Likely to Have ? | Oh My Disney
style , taste in music , and outlook on life !
Enter Rewards Codes | Kelloggs Family Rewards
"" There's no meaning to a flower unless it blooms . "" - Ino Naruto
Katy Perry - Firework via
Aquarius know how to have a good time no matter what the situation may be .
I just entered to win the new HTCOneA 9
Win a pair of autographed Master of Reality sneakers ConverseBlackSabbath
Hey , I'm on and this is crazy , but here's my link , so watch me maybe ?
This is me and my friends
Click here and see my beautiful face live on
That moment u can't sleep cuz u have too many things on ur mind .... screw u brain I don't care what happened years ago y u thinkin bout it ? ! ?
AWEEE you are so sweet
Type with team pride ! Surface Pro 4 Special Edition NFL Type Cover now available .
Get a FREEBIE Saturday backpack clip in store while items last . LifeIsRidiculouslyAwesome
Free Sample Of POGO Organic Lip Balm
Get a FREE ACYMER Skin Care Sample !
Relieve Pain With A FREE Sample of BioFreeze !
Get ready for a cheese that makes your fave dishes more authentically Mexican w / the LaVaquitaPack . Apply today !
Arlana's Newest Freebies - Updated Daily
Sample Of Arm & amp ; Hammer Truly Radiant Toothpaste
Score a FREE Sample of Nivea In-Shower Body Lotion !
Free Amazon Credit With Mr . Olympia Sample Box
Save 44 % Off On Burt's Bees Paw and Nose Lotion For Your Pup !
Get a FREE Six Inch Sub From Subway !
Free Diabetes Wristband From Quality Health
Free Sample Of Verified Freshly Roasted Coffee
Arlana's Newest Freebies - Updated Daily
HotDeal Kala Learn To Play Ukulele Starter Kit for $ 59.99
Get friends together for the Big Game with a KikkomanParty . makes every recipe better . Apply now :
Free One Year Subscription To Inc . Magazine
Free Special Edition MADD Safety Ribbon
Provide your baby with outstanding clean with One & amp ; Done Wipes . Apply now to try them out a HuggiesPack !
Fore ! Get a subscription to GolfDigest at 0 COST ! Find out about the best courses & amp ; get golf tips from the pros !
Save $ 40 on Thinkware Full HD Dash Cam DailyDeal
Free Kubo & amp ; the Two Strings DVD
Notice Haggs , the good teams get deals done PRIOR to deadline . Bruins needed D all season , nothing
Why can't he ever keep his mouth shut ? I'd stay far away from anything after that bank robbery he pulled on RI
that would be great .
Have you ordered some new engines from Smeal ?
Who cares about this shit anymore ? STOP
$ 3 homo , get your tongue out of your boyfriends ass and be a man for once
Mo doubt on 46 , but the team must get a top D , only way is to move a player like 46 . He seems to be off for 2 seasons now .
Kerry Kittles ! ! ' That's a blast from the past . Haven't heard that name in a while ! ! !
They suck , team is a total disaster , 3rd top game Rask has been sick for . That's so weak
What's on fire near Nellis AB ?
Sign up for the Newsletter promotion PerdueCrew -
Not the choice in Nevada , don't think he's going to pull it off . Lots of hate .
he sucks , can't get a trade done for 2 seasons now for a top 4 D , other teams get things done , not here . cont ...
This team stinks , it has problems internally with its leaders , they think there owed something , just listen to Krug on radio
I've heard that often as of late , if it hasn't happened yet , it's going to be awhile . Not his fault , not a good roster . D sux
he's not going anywhere . Not a word on him in any broadcast .
This league and refs are a flat out embarrassing ! ! ! Ivy boards Carlo , no call , 39 plays the game corre
24 cars given away on May 4th , at that rate this will be over by the 14/15 th of May ! ! ! What happens then Stations ?
The UK version was the best Ramsay show I always thought ! ! Saw all the
I said the same thing , no doubt about that . Typical Sweeney move , and again can't get
He seems to know how to do everything
No need for me to get into a battle of whits with an unarmed boy ! ! COCKEATER
santii_jesus_juarez's photo 2 of a kind ! ! ! WOW
I love all these people talking about prospects ! ! ! They've done nothing and most won't ever play . Y
Only news I want to see from the Bruins is signing Pasta and a trade to help the horrible Blue Line ! ! ! N
12 year old destroy cities ! ! ! ! Look in the mirror 5 year old . Get a life you freak . Look at
Surprised , no tower ladder on scene that I can see .
Love it ! ! ! Time to pay when you beat up woman
Another blind man . Sorry , but Krug doesnt play on most NHL TEAMS as a top 4 D .
Great , its a very good sports city
time to form a collision .
Lord help me , that ass was so fat .
"" With you I am calm , a pearl in your oyster . Head on my chest , a silent smile , a private kind of
you distract them . I'll sneak past in a cartoonish style .
It's thanksgiving eve , which means it's time for some thanks-spinning ( thanks modernvinyl ) I'm very
Christmas Haul 6 and the first Thursday of the new year , so starting it off with probably the second
why is there no set date for wave 3 amiibos in the states , but everywhere else on the planet has release dates . Any news ?
Who said I should play this state champs album loud .
For today's throw back Thursday I've been listening one of my oldest records I own . This is a
I have to admit , this is the first year I've ever given even the slightest of a damn about baseball .
glad I was still able to get my hands on a copy of as it were even after work . I was going to be real upset if I didn't .
thanks for all that biz on how to keep busy , and make time to game . Gonna share with friends who need this kleen
game day ! ballin out
things get so much better when you find the right people
"" I wish my eyes were larger ... ""
love / miss ya kapatid
T Pain never needed auto tune tho .
Koepke was visibly upset during tonight's game vs . Ice Men because they clearly did not belong in in the division .
All of the fielder's choice as the Beavers don't score for the 3rd straight inning . 8-7 going into the bottom of the 6th .
alright , Ill let you all know in a bit
& amp ; follow @OriginalFunkofor a chance to win a @Comic_ConExclusive Dwarven Colossus 6 "" Pop ! SDCC
How do you ColorYourWorld ? I color mine with and
dont see a code ... whats up ? see lots of ppl having same problem on FB
think I will win the contest this week ? I have 2 top bling , she won twice so Im trying REALLY REALLY hard :D
Watching the Super Bowl ? Tweet about it from the website and get INSTANT REWARDS ! Sign up free : sponsored ...
gay , gay , gay .... - points finger n laughs - hahahaha AlwaysHelpful
I applied to host a House Party :
and fountains are important how ? ? ? ? :P
got a spam msg on FB from u about kashi n I think every 1 should know by now how I feel about cardboard ...
zoom 1 search 2 Zdaily
shoutbox zoooooom ........ ummm the site where the daily sucks according to the world of jimi ...
I just won 10 ZBucks using ZoomBucks search . Join today !
I just won 3 ZBucks by finding a promotional code . Join today !
the basic & amp ; lime plan are still open ... basic u get a free box & amp ; dont really have 2 do much
FREE Prairie Dog Food Sample
then use my link & amp ; shop ! HA ! AlwaysHelpful
Mind blown . How to tie your shoes
did the sittercity offer on HP Swagbucks for an easy 25 sbs just reg , credits right away
YEAH ! ! TGIF ! ! ! ! :D AlwaysHelpful
yeah u on zoom win ! :D
' RT ' this if you Must Have your weekend back . To do weekend things like relaxing with your Must Have Wheat Thins . MustHave
my new anti-Christmas song is here ! ' I'm Not Ready for Christmas ' ( naughty lyrics intact ):
FUN HOLIDAY DECORATING TIP : Turn your boring backyard into a colorful Christmas wonderland simply by feeding your dog glow
"" Hello I am a cat ""
Enter JoePesci in the Swag Code box before 5pm PT /8 pm ET for 3 SBs !
looks like someone reads the blogs .... lol
FF they be new 2 twitter & amp ; look kinda sad & amp ; lonely without any followers :( best breakfast in the Poconos ! Food yummy
Chicken-with-Tomatoes-and-Polenta Recipe | PERDUE via
One enters you for a chance to win a Honda AND donates $ 1 to OpenTheCheer Rules : https://t.co / T6O2RXBZtZhttps :/ / t.co
Voting is extended . Help mybristolborough in its effort to win a 500k business grant . Be a part of Bristol's revitaliza
Isn't it weird that some people are up at 2 am missing someone and there other people sound asleep with no idea there're be
Drew Brees extends the longest streak in NFL history by throwing for 4,000 yards in 9th consecutive season .
Neck kisses are the biggest turn on
Great night with the squad .
NBA playoffs starts in 7 weeks
Fucking Cavs staff doesn't mop the floor ? Its been slippery all night !
Y . A . S .
ChristianTaylor smh tired of our people turning into hashtags
WhoDat ? ! ! ! We Dat ! ! !
1 pt . Loss by 1 point
We have a song for you ! Dont miss the premiere of ToniBraxtonMovie Jan 23 at 8/ 7c
Why you Mf's still gettin catfished tho ?
CHAvsMIA halftime : HEAT 67 - Hornets 50 . Deng 18pts 5rebs , Whiteside 12pts 6rebs , Wade 12pts 4asts , Dragic 8p ts 6asts .
Season 2 finale of The Flash starts in one hour on the east coast and you do NOT want to miss it !
Ear Drummers finna hit the stage & amp ; embarrass MS once again
BlackDiva > > > > > > > > > > said check it out , it's the year of the "" BLACK DIVA ""
"" how do you cope with stress ? "" me :
* Goes on twitter * * sees DMYourCrushDay trending * * Checks DMs * * No new DMs *
Mr . Perfect does not exist .
"" Oh , love , oh , love , stop making a fool of me ""
if my hair ugly , I'm ugly
16 years ago today , an icon was killed in a plane crash in the Bahamas . She was 22 . We will never forget you . RIPAaliyah
Just added hot new product to my boutique Check it out :
Flower Statement Choker Necklace Multicolor just $ 23.99 ( a 75 % savings ! ) at TripleClicks .
Enjoy Chicken Cordon Bleu Party Sandwiches made w / PerdueCrew promotion -
This recipe is sure to make your Valentines heart grow two sizes thanks promotion PerdueCrew -
Get paid to mess around on Facebook - Free premium ebook download .
Contest : Retweet for Another Chance to Win The Walking Dead 100 Prize Pack
and by sadder i mean more pathetic
lol why would i do homework if i could play nyan cat procrastination
trying to be clever with twogirlsonesoda paranormalactivity datenight
not gonna lie though .. i dig the raspy voices
i'm not going to be redundant and i'm not going to say how ap euro is hell and how utterly unprepared i am for the midterm tomorrow .
lindsay lohan is better than you
third graduation i love you mavis
be cruel to me cause i'm a fool for you
if mondays are crocs , fridays are light-up sneakers
all I ever really wanted was for my life to be a disney channel original movie so I'm a little disappointed in how things ended up
Packers onside kick to win instead of going into OT ... This is freaking preseason . nobiggie notworththecheers nyjetsgirl
probably picked the worst weekend to travel but heading to NC today ! homebound securityissues
Watching college football with a cool fall breeze coming in . Perfect ! ( @ The Conservatory Apts . )
I'm at Rainbow Foods ( 1104 Lagoon Ave , btw Emerson Ave S & Dupont Ave S , Minneapolis )
Prepping for the photo opps ! Cc : lolaredphotoshoot
Dinner date since I desperately need to go to the grocery store ! ( @ Cowboy Slim's )
I think the correct use of "" your "" in this instance is "" you're "" as in you are stupid pointproven
Well it was a cold walk to the office after my car towed but there were Valentine's Day treats waiting ! Thanks I needed it !
Picking up a baby shower gift I purchased during the leap day sale ! So excited about the deals I picked up !
I'm not a crazy cat lady I'm a catperson cats cats cats . purina
is opening its 100th location this week in one of my fave cities , Atlanta ! doingbigthings
It's a kind of Tantini Day ! can't waaaait to see you all ! getGLOWing !
Nothing quite compares to fireworks from the beach ! july 4th
Close your eyes and pick anything - it's all good for you LifeCafe . Good Clean Eatin ' yum
Perfect night . Fire , wine and toasty toes .
No . all the way !
no he's a manimal "" rawr "" Clay Matthews . You are an animal
darn it I missed it ! Maybe he was such a sight they'll show him again !
Welcome to a week in PR where nobody cares unless it's election related or politically charged .
New post on Lifestyle by Corner : Kelli Merritt prepares for 5K with MS mycommitment
Jeffrey wussed out and isn't running !
Love the gethappy commercial . You're from Minnesota right ? SuperBowlAds
Wisconsin - small town called Arkansaw abt an hour out from the cities . We boil and everything !
Why do they call it "" The mall "" ? Instead of going to one store , you go to "" them all "" . Them all = The Mall . Clever .
Construction I'm near Southdale is out of control . frustrated
Anyone out there PROMISING yourself you won't pack on LBS this season ? We have 5 fresh ways to help u keep that promi
Awesome overhead shot of Lambeau Field Wow !
Well according to the accident I was in yesterday was one of just 404 . yikes
Eric Paslay ! ! ! ( @ Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & amp ; Grill w / 11 others )
We're renting our house in Bloomington ! Msg me if interested . mplsrealestate houseforrent
Beautiful day in Wine Country ! CaliLivin
Was hoping to find inside but still exciting ! TaylorSwiftDelivery promo
I vanquished my foes ! Can you do the same ? gameinsight
I've finished the Summer Residence quest ! Are you able to fulfil the same task ? android , #androidgames , #gamein ...
I just completed the Summer Residence adventure . You should try it ! gameinsight
I've finished the Bartolomeo's Instructions quest ! Are you able to fulfil the same task ? android , #androidgame ...
I have gained level 34 in The Tribez and Castlez ! Can you achieve it as well ? android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
The Kingdom's citizens are happy to have Lumbermans Hut ! Try to build it too ! android , #androidgames , #gameins ...
I've collected 1,600 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I have gained level 10 in The Tribez and Castlez ! Can you achieve it as well ? android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I've harvested 1,139 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
The Kingdom's citizens are happy to have Bakery ! Try to build it too ! android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I've finished the Road Works quest ! Are you able to fulfil the same task ? android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
The Kingdom's citizens are happy to have Flowerbed ! Try to build it too ! android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
Abandoned Wizards Tower has been explored . Are you able to reach it too ? android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I've finished the Transporting Resources quest ! Are you able to fulfil the same task ? android , #androidgames , # ...
I've finished the Bartolomeo's Orders quest ! Are you able to fulfil the same task ? android , #androidgames , #gam ...
I've finished the Plentiful Crops quest ! Are you able to fulfil the same task ? android , #androidgames , #gameins ...
I vanquished my foes ! Can you do the same ? gameinsight
The Kingdom's citizens are happy to have Paved Road ! Try to build it too ! android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
The Kingdom's citizens are happy to have Guardsman Statue ! Try to build it too ! android , #androidgames , #gamein ...
I vanquished my foes ! Can you do the same ? gameinsight
I vanquished my foes ! Can you do the same ? gameinsight
I vanquished my foes ! Can you do the same ? gameinsight
Abandoned Wizards Tower has been explored . Are you able to reach it too ? android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I just grew a mystery tree . And it turned out to be a ( n ) Cocoa Tree ! What kind of tree did you grow ? gameins ...
Abandoned Wizards Tower has been explored . Are you able to reach it too ? android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I just grew a mystery tree . And it turned out to be a ( n ) Orange Tree ! What kind of tree did you grow ? gamein ...
I've finished the Planting Broccoli quest ! Are you able to fulfil the same task ? android , #androidgames , #gamei ...
I have Ancient Bar on my island ! Now my island is even more awesome ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 1,129 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 8,537 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 707 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
piggyboom I stole 1,140 , 900 from Malcolm Robinson . I feel no guilt with that amount of coins . Do you want to try ?
Attacking is so sad . if you stand 4karma to stopbullyingnow
It's not that some peoples have will power and some don't it's that Some people are ready to change and others are not .. !
"" when my absence doesn't alter ur life , then my presence has no meaning in ur life ..
"" Dream like you will never dream before .......... Live like you will never live before .............................. ! ""
nothing surprises me I just go with the flow
Scorpio's don't do drama !
Add me / drop names
The Scorpio are careful with emotions
combien de fois je dois dire que le cul de venir
Sippin out the double cup
: Yo It's crazy the amount of influence u can have on a person ; u meet them and they're themselves , you leave them , they're
Things you have to ask these days
Scorpio is one of the most powerful sign of the zodiac .
Ima just leave this right here
Im learning to be okay with the fact that I may never be yours again , but I cant help to hold onto the hope that maybe I will b
I wish summer could last forever
Wanna impress me ? Be loyal behind my back
I mean what can I say
Walking Dead got me like ... noooooo SayItAintSo
Hounds of Jezebel has a show on 06/05 / 2013 at 08:00 PM The Abbey in Orlando , FL concert
Does Anybody Else Watch Spartacus On Netflix
Needs More Seasons . ! Bring It Back ! ! Atleast 7 Seasons .
"" M I G O S "" FRIDAY
Everybody going to Mansion , phone gone be dry ah tonight
JSU Jsettes August 29th Tag somebody who attends JacksonState and come rep your school at BCPE
Mansionlan was live though that will be my stop every time I visit
Everything about BCPE is Quality please DO NOT miss this event
your ticket for BCPE while they last ! ! Go to or 678-280-4411 for details htt
Any sections left for MansionElan Tonight ?
Next time I hit the city MansionElan it is
Wish I could go to MansionElan tonight
MansionElan this Friday ! Come turn up
Mansion Friday with . It's lit GodisDope
Dej Loaf bout to have Mansion lan stupid Friday ! ! It's the BET awards And A3C sheesh
OMG , My girlfriend is going to be at MansionElan for my birthday weekend I'm sooooooo piped to be home !
Wish I was in the A to go to MansionElan
People coming from outta town just to go to the Mansion Tonight ! Turn up then MansionElan
Spread the word ... For AUCHomecoming CAU & amp ; SpelHouse ... Everyone with those school's ID card skips line free at Mans
No Words Would've Been Exchanged . There Is Nothing U Can Do At This Point .
ATLroofTopParty SATURDAY 4 LEVELS TO PARTY BACKYARD COOKOUT FREE ENTRY B4 11:30 904 MLK JR DR SW ATL GA
10mins & amp ; Counting
Folks Act Like They Cant Do Simple Shit You Ask Them To Do Then Wonder Why You Dont Fw Them Afterwards ..
American Idol Audition Video : via
I liked a video from Treat You Better by Shawn Mendes | Daniel Seavey Cover
I liked a video Beauty and the Beast - Lindsey Stirling
Both . Last night's ratings were higher than any of their respective teams ' SCF games .
Those rebounds , man .
Really ? REALLY ? / / Here's the Longest Name You'll Ever See
1 and 2 on this list , not bad . The 7 Breakout Running Backs to Buy in 2014
Blowouts will do that to people .
Ah ... I jumped on with The Eleventh Hour so maybe I'm biased . Rose kind of annoyed me when I watched her run with Eccleston .
Why won't the Cardinals just go away ? ! ?
Bulls say the issue with Derrick Rose is his left hamstring .
The United Center is currently at Curry & amp ; Chandler rookie year decibel levels . deadquiet UTAvsCHI
John Wick - Fantastic movie .
Oh , just a hippopotamus hanging out underwater with the fish . Pangani Forest Exploration Trail
Annie got a dry erase board in her goodie bag so she proceeded to draw me ! TODASTW Quill
At least he sets a good example fielding questions .
I got 9 out of 10 . I'm going to hide under a rock now .
Half man . Half amazing .
Giangreco creep factor : 11
Hard to think the new cards wouldn't be in a pack that was in the Cantina for 45 minutes .
My favorite Rey moment is when she piloted the Falcon through the old Star Destroyer ! HeroCelebration
And change the pack price while you're in there ! It's too high !
The overall crime rate has been falling for decades : RNCinCLE
MAKE MEXICO GREAT AGAIN ALSO
Fuck you and your "" locker room talk "" , debatenight
Both . A tax on cigarettes worked , but a lot of people like soda . People like me .
Feel like we should get a taco for that ... Schwarber
Laser pointers at Monday Night Football ? What is this , 1998 ?
My money's on it dropping even more . NotMyPresident
Quick , someone create a petition to replace CSN with TNT as the TV home of the
What if I told you 95 : The Untold Story of Lightning McQueen 30for30 premieres online tomorrow . Here's a sneak peek !
Unbelievable . He actually did bring the Middle East together .
Whatever , you suck anyway .
I love that man .
Praying so hard for all in OKC . My heart aches for you . Take heart though , the Lord has not abandoned you and never will . Don't lose hope .
that's kind of really funny
I do not kid .... I kitten .
I had a chocolate chip muffin and now I feel okay about not having friends and just cats .
Public Policy final tomorrow . What am I doing ? Going to bed .
There is no joy like that of a college student who just found out their classes were cancelled .
I have a Mary Kate and her secret name is
I'M GOING TO JOSH GROBAN WITH MY BEST FRIEND
Ps , I'm off for 6 days straight . I don't know what to do with my life .
I know you've heard Phantom 100 times but the actual written lyric to All I Ask Of You is "" Cher , each day with me each nigh
Gonna buy a tent and live in my backyard . Bye .
I just need to love me . goals
I'm here . I'm new . What . Is . Up .
I sort of really , really , REALLY like that DJ Snake liked my tweet . If I could like that he liked my tweet , I would do it .
Repost with repostapp You have all asked how you can help . This is how .
OMG I CANNOT HANDLE HTGAWM
Wait , wait , wait let me make everything worse . Okay . Now we can continue .
Omg why is this so funny Repost with "" I will shave your eyebrows
My brain is seriously not having it . I need to toss in the towel and go to bed .
What are you even doing ?
Actually . I don't need to apologize . Because I am living with Fibromyalgia and it's awesome that I even got up , showered , etc before 9am .
This morning my mom had her veinous insufficiency test and tomorrow will have her echocardiogram in the afternoon .
Harvey has taken a lot , but it will NEVER take our humanity . We have seen so many neighbors helping each other . THANK YO
THIS IS THE GREATEST THING EVER
"" here is a rabbit playing in leaves to brighten your day ""
Love my alma mater . Hail all hail to Peace Repost
"" I smell something happy here . I don't want to move . ""
I can't wait to have your last name ;) I love you !
It ain't nothing to cut that bitch off
Niggas still sleeping on Shy Glizzy
Most people don't want to see you happy unless they're getting a piece of it .
I've never been so comfortable and myself with anybody the way I am with her . I swear she's the one ima marry her
We've been really good lately and it's gonna stay that way . My minds set that she's my future wife and that's all I'm looking forward to
i eat the pussy til her legs shake
Whyyyy am I this drunk I can't deal
Char is late as fuck it's okay only cause she's at work I guess . She's still a good pac man
I'm getting drunk af tonight idc
Just got off the phone with my Bestfriend though . Me and her should be on CSI the way we play detective in our relationships
you lost me I'm confused
She said I'm the most up Mexican she knows
Wake up fuck take a shower fuck go to work get off and fuck eat dinner afterwards fuck go to bed and fuck how I wish m
This movie will be the death of me
bruh where you at ?
Feel like I'm in too deep
Like bro do I look like I do drugs ? Lol , damn I was just getting a mild
People at my job keep calling me Miley Cyrus .. I look nothing like Miley Cyrus
When you're bored but Bae is sleeping ....... On God Who say Dime WOULDNT do this shit
And to everybody who's not gay acting like legalizing gay marriage isn't a big deal .. Stfu with your bitter ass
All I ask for is a consistent weed man , that sells GAS and is always mobile is that too much to ask for ?
I swear Janice wasn't picked because she's bald because there's no other reason thevoice
I heard a bear won some sort of award ? And here I am sitting with no awards .
city girl w sent me and my yt name is tparkerlee 123
I'm tired like its a school night ... I have 2morrow off and I am oh so ready for bedside tabernacle ! !
This doin nuthin is a blessin from on high - I am already upstairs watchin law and order : ci - life is good ! !
well you let me know when you find out and i'll try not to "" mind ..... "" oops wait i can't say that can i ? ? ? ? ?
All set and ready for 8am worship ... I can't wait to hear what the Lord has to say today ... LCM Columbia ! ! ! Let's get it started ! !
"" the art of life is to live while you're dying ... "" TDJ
And poor TeeTee selling wings ? ?
thought we discussed this b4 .. the Lord couldn't wait to see ur smile ! !
you might as well gositinacorner .. if you're not a member of Life Cathedral Ministries of Columbia ! ! !
Ok ... so we in the retired folks section ? ? ?
Walmart and Sam's ..... DONE ! ! ! ... I wasn't playing today ... gotta get the house ready ... God's about to do something BIG ! ! !
You can't be lazy when it comes to your purpose ... in grind mode . Pleasantries .
u got a shade tree workin on it ? ? ?
"" Excuse me while I whip this out ... ""
is it so .... can it be ... have I been reduced to "" the sister "" .... woe is me ! ! !
no nuts right ... and tell me ... u do have a gym membership right ... ? ? ! ! HA ! !
That commercial needed Sylvester Stallone ! !
I'm severely allergic to squalling ! ! !
I think I'm more amazed that you know how to do it ! ! !
First I watched "" Some Like It Hot "" and now the original "" The Producers "" .... #toofunny ! !
NW : Snow White and the Huntsman
AskScandal SWEET JESUS ! ! ! ! So glad they didn't show THAT scene ! ! ! !
Lord ... bless me to go upstairs so I can get some rest ! ! ! tired ! !
He saw HALF of Liv's face and knows something's up ! ! ScandalABC
I wonder what happens at a Lollipop Guild meeting .. ? ! ? !
I knew Mellie was gonna do something to that baby ! ! ! Scandal
How I spent my morning .... ! !
Now this is how you do a Banana Split ... ! !
Just a Strawberry Shortcake ...
Just a slice of Lemon Loaf Cake ...
Why not ... ? !
Banana Nut Muffins .... the perfect companion to any cup of coffee .. !
Agreeing with people so they shut up .
Fog in Chicago ? Cubs fans ain't even mad .
whos your coach derek jeter ?
that game was a fluke
I mean like 600 people
Real big tailgate pennstate big
Currently jamming to the Kara playlist while cleaning with one hand
EXACTLY AS I SAID - House Intel Chair : We Cannot Rule Out Sr . Obama Officials Were Involved in Trump Surveillance
Here's a list of every wide receiver in the NFL with two 50 - yard touchdown catches this year : Nelson Agholor .
Wind and solar energy are getting cheaper and cheaperthe SwitchToClean energy is happening .
Thank you for the Razer Surround Pro gift ! Each and every one of you are amazing .
absolutely nothing haha idk how to dm
We do not know the value of our moments until they have become a memory ..... - - Today makes 4 yrs , Momma I miss you sooo much ! !
No words can explain this feeling ! ! ! All I can say is , Thank you Jesus for everything ! ! !
Dear Lord today help me do MORE for others , BETTER for myself & amp ; GREATER works for you !
I'm resting in bed , but feels like I'm floating . Wish I could have this moment for life .
I tell you not to worry about your life - Matthew 6:25 ( please retweet ) .
Yay ! ! ! Went to work clocked in , and clocked right out . I'm free today ! ! !
That moment when you stop everything and say to yourself ' damn .... I'm high . '
Beyonc & amp ; Jay Z kissing at the 2015 GRAMMYs
I'm addicted to Power ............... Thanks 50
Beyonc will perform at the SB50 Halftme Show tonight ! LIVE STREAM + TIMES : PepsiHalftime
JAY Z : My swag different / That bag different / My wife Beyonc / I brag different IGotTheKeys
Get your weekly dinner recipes , shopping lists , and more from Promotion PerdueCrew -
Congratulations on reaching 11k ! This is how I picture the Happy Dance at Cocksure HQ right about now
"" Wanting to be someone you're not is a waste of the person you are . "" ~ Kurt Cobain
Bloody brilliant night with the and thanks Let's do it again sometime ! Love the new video .
Morning commute to work was an unending , ugly scene of snowman genocide .... seattle WAsnow
Doing battle with a Ballad I've been wanting to learn for years . I'm allegedly related to the girl murdered in 1827 and subject of the song
time ? Money ? I just book tickets and the rest of life has to fit around them :D
ooh lovely ! I got a Bodhran last week , trying to find time to learn . Let me know if you find good sources , I'll send one I like .
ooo h how does that work then ? Tuesday is my day off ohyeah
We now understand why the Dandies and Cocksurelasses bonded so quickly * evil grin *
Where's the RRS Discovery located ?
Hmm maybe I just misinterpreted their meaning . I just know that few people use the term Melodian here .
Are your ears burning . We were just talking about you ....
you have good taste :D
Living a long life . If I'm successful at that I will have time to learn & amp ; try enough to be successful at my other passions
What if it's a person , and a cat , and the cat is on the right ?
I barely even noticed it ! I did notice a friend comment on it yesterday but then it didn't even ping my radar when I used it today .
It feels good to be back ! Thanks for being here , strong and steady . ggchat
Plse RT ! If you're going to SanFrancisco you can wear flowers in your hair AND hear great music ! Deb
you haven't met awesome till you've seen us all together ;)
Yes ! I did . I'll try and get it up online tonight or tomorrow .
Only 49 days until WFF 14 !
HowNotToSurviveAHorrorFilm try to stop the bad guy alone
A new addition to my antique mall today !
I haven't mastered twitter lists yet . Can you add me manually please ggchat
Motorcyclists argue I - 405 express lanes violate the law
Happy Birthday to the one and only Here's wishing you a beautiful day and another great year ahead .
The new normal : permanent drought and wildfires along the west coast , Toronto five degrees colder . Any other observation
Early access email notifications are going out ! Just a few more days funders ! ConManSeries SkipTheLine
merry Christmas indeed ! !
Back in January made the trek to Islay and This is a great recap .
Start Your Day With A Smile
I entered for a chance to win a Fire Tablet ! Subscribe FREE at for daily giveaway ! giveaway
i'm happy cuz he still wants me to do stuff with him
it is nice but i hardly ever get to town these days
The biggest problem with narcissists is that they can never see fault in themselves , yet find it overwhelmingly easy to find it in others .
Just watched new episode of and it sucked what said , think before you speak
I'm raising money for I WANT TO SMILE , NEED NEW DENTURES . Click to Donate : via
What's that on his ankle ? What did she say ? "" He aint got no gun ! "" Charlotte CharlotteShooting KeithScott
we need SSI cost of living increases , and medicare needs to supply dental for elderly , dental care is essential for health
. @realDonaldTrump slammed for not providing adequate security to the embassy in Benghazi while Secy . of State .
she is a liar a thief a rape supporter a murderer and she could barely keep her eyes open and looked ready to pass out , sick Bitch
thats ok to but these christians and stuff get on my fucking last nerve self rightous punks
Adult Blankie - Bubblews via
Water pump testing - Handcrafts and Handyman
Cool New Tech Devices : What Privacy Risks Are Wrapped Up Under Your Tree ?
My Friend the Mannequin - Bubblews
Do you use an eye mask or ear plugs ? - Bubblews via
What does it take to make a dollar ? - Bubblews
Path of the hungry ghost haiku photo - Picable
WHAT COLOR IS THIS DRESS FAV FOR BLUE AND BLACK FOR WHITE AND GOLD
Don't speak unless you can improve on the silence . - Spanish Proverb
Refs have taken 9 points from Uconn and given them 3 fouls that were all so horribly wrong they should be embarrassed
Chocolate Pound Cake with Mocha Frosting lovetocook recipes
Corporations are NOT people .
Thinking about spending some time in Berlin . What do you think ? Cost of living ? Tell me s
For those of you on the PennState campus stop by 125 Cedar , 140 Moore , Caps or HDFS office to Donate to HeartsforHome
Good night Twitter world . Buenas noches
Privatizing Union jobs in Stratford w / the sale of the WPCA is NOT OKI Stratford worked hard for you - -
Dog with a straightforward political opinion . dogsoftwitter
hi all ! ! ! ! !
Lost worlds : The sunken realm of Tyno Helig - Folkrealm Studies
Will Christie do what Romney did and suggest students just ask their parents for the $ $ ?
Not a big fan of but kudos to him for using his voice to defend innocent dogs . StopYuLin 2015
I liked a video from LIFE ON MAR'S : The Home Makeover Show Episode 3
10 Pop Culture References We Didnt Have 20 Years Ago WTF socialmedia
eBay is 20 years old today
Alphabet owns the two most visited websites in the world :
Chiles signature wine comes of age ! Cheers !
One of my favorite moms of one of my favorite athletes gave me a huge surprise visit today and
How to Use the 3 - Act Structure To Improve Your Content Marketing [ contentmarketing story ]
FLHS Solar carport project in student lot moving along !
How sweet is she ? !
yes . Or driving up at lunch time .
I'm going to miss playing with you too . I can't believe it's over .
9:30 and I'm already done with today lol
thank you ! You're an angel .
Hope this 4hr flight will put me right to sleep
You will learn as long as you live .
Thanks to the fantastic players and Mariner Moose for a great visit today . The kids loved every moment . Mariners
It's so beautiful the way baby boy and fall asleep together . They both are sleeping so peacefull
Thanks to the greatest mom in the world
This dude pimped a single off the wall
You got yourself a deal ! ! ! $ 1121.00
Got an email that says has 3114 more skill points than me . Did not say if this is specific to or to life . Assuming life
Favorite Tudor name of the day : Thurstan Tyldesley , deputy keeper of Myerscough Park , Lancashire
Happy Monday ! Today on BGD is a powerful read from Janani Balasubramanian , who discusses eating disorders :
Read about in the and I'm so mad . Has the steering committee published a budget ? Or Form 990 ? Or sr admin salaries ?
Valerie Traub asks a wonderful and necessary about how scholars talk about sexuality , how we create a shame-free classroom shakeass 14
Essay from student in intro to philosophy ; computer auto-corrects , turns Descartes into Desecrate . Priceless !
I haven't been able to get on Yahoo ! since kzoo 2014 because the WMU IP address registration pops up . I realize I could fix this , but meh .
Totally understand how cockroaches survived many extinction events . Meteors , supervolcanoes , rainforest collapse are all terrified of them .
:: Adds wagon caulking to skills on CV :: Oh dear , this takes me back ! At the MITH lab at University of Maryland . hilt 2014
Doing a mock comprehensive exam in a little bit ( the oral portion ) . What's the best question ( or type of question ) you got on your exam ?
Latin name for water spaniels , according to John Caius , is "" aquaticus , seu inquisitor . "" Aquaticus Inquisitor is decidedly more intimidating .
Yes , I'm wondering what it has to do with the organs of disgust . Disgust happens in the stomach , not tongue ?
Also : totally reasonable to recommend newer grad students for admin tasks . Ppl asking you just don't know the newer students .
I don't know what this means . In what way are student essays written for instructor , rather than "" real world "" ?
Dolan : Local comes not so much from what is born here , but what has been localized earlymodernfutures
BREAKING : announces criminal charges against officers involved in FreddieGray's death
great exploration of those deemed monstrous and those allowed to be humans ! Kzoo 2015 s261
thanks ! ! Me too . And regardless I'd love to work with you on putting together a future panel . Asle ? Babel ?
Sad to miss but loved reading the program . Great to see how many people are doing medieval drama ecocriticism !
At least history now has Hamilton , the Bard of Wall Street , thank god .
Zealous Protestant Chief Physician of St . Bart Hospital in Smithfield calls stomach the "" most Catholicke parte in all the bodie . "" I go Hmm .
Daston : "" No amount of external professional policing [ in sciences ] can replace an internalized ethos of inquiry ""
How has this not come up ? Instead , State puts a totally unprepared "" expert "" witness on stand , completely muffs it .
Anyone at ncs 16 ( or anywhere ) still near QMUL ? Phone was stolen + bank froze ATM card ( it's been a day ) . I need to call , but having trouble
ooh just got here ! See you after !
this garbage was literally written by someone who taught for one week , then quit
"" Chest-Puffing Grouse to Test Trumps Conservation Approach ""
shaxfutures 17 "" Color of Membership "" survey : how can SAA be more inclusive ? shakeass 17
Video of the table read of Steve Bannon's Coriolanus screenplay .
Had a convo w Pres . Loh about need for mandatory anti-racism and diversity training for students / faculty ... he told me
followmetaylor followmetaylor followmetaylor followmetaylor followmetaylor followmetaylor x6
GO WATCH CAMS NEW VIDEO Give it a thumbs up Subscribe too CamsRoomTour x6
GO WATCH CAMS NEW VIDEO Give it a thumbs up Subscribe too CamsRoomTour x105
GO WATCH CAMS NEW VIDEO Give it a thumbs up Subscribe too ShareaCokeWithCam x8 0
GO WATCH CAMS NEW VIDEO Give it a thumbs up Subscribe too ShareaCokeWithCam x180
GO WATCH CAMS NEW VIDEO Give it a thumbs up Subscribe too ShareaCokeWithCam x280
CallMeCam CallMeCam CallMeCam Please it would mean so much to me even a follow x8 0
CallMeCam CallMeCam CallMeCam Please it would mean so much to me even a follow x180
CallMeCam CallMeCam CallMeCam Please it would mean so much to me even a follow x280
CallMeCam CallMeCam CallMeCam Please it would mean so much to me even a follow x379
CallMeCam CallMeCam CallMeCam Please it would mean so much to me even a follow x476
CallMeCam CallMeCam CallMeCam Please it would mean so much to me even a follow x575
Matt ur such a sweetheart
The right way to eat watermelon ..
Big Bang Theory Star Donates Money To The IDF To Get Israeli Soldiers Bulletproof Vests politics nobody
wwwww * \ (^o^) / *
( * ^ ^ * )
* \ (^o^) / *
GREASE review is up ! Congrats to NMHS !
Scotts Valley HS building away for Ladies of the Jury !
Nothing happens when I click on the ' try it now ' link for the new Twitter ! I'll try it again next time I log in . Purrs , Catwoman = ^ .. ^ = & Mia
' The Cabin in the Woods ' Brilliantly Skewers Horror Genre - The 36th Annual Atlanta Film Festival closed ...
United Way launches new community action program
I feel sad for anyone watching awards for TV instead of award-winning TV right now . BreakingBad
Don't follow Duck Dynasty either ? Trying to figure out what the heck everyone is talking about ? Me too .
It's still better than the Raimi / Maguire films , though . By far .
Of all the theaters where screenings happen , it sucks that one of the nicest ones has truly horrible management . Now to kill a few hours ...
' Predestination ' skillfully adapts a sci-fi classic that still resonates today
' 5 to 7 ' floats by on a breezy charm
& amp ; follow for a chance to win this SDCC exclusive Rocket & amp ; Potted Groot Pop ! Super cute and super rare . I AM GROOT ! h
Robert Redford and Nick Nolte work well enough together , but A Walk in the Woods has too
Jeez . Jump the gun with that nominee roll , why don't ya ?
American Horror Story : America
I'm dumbfounded , more than anything . I'm not shocked or surprised , but I still can't believe he goes there .
You know you want a 1/4 scale figure of Danny DeVito's Penguin in your home !
So many problems with this . Some with their opinions , and many with their conclusions .
Sooooo am I crazy or does the puffiness under Saoirse Ronan's eyes just disappear ... in the shot ?
Gaga + Intel = ARTPOP , Take 2 ? It feels ... slightly familiar , in a way .
Sarah Silverman , Kevin Hart and ... Joe Biden . Hello . Oscars LadyGaga
Jeff Nichols ' Midnight Special tells a story of parental sacrifice in a truly special way .
Weiner follows the comeback and the second downfall of New York politician Anthony
Suicide Squad : these are not the squadgoals you're looking for ( though a few members do
Miss Sloane gets significant mileage from its leading performance .
Special Oscar for any 16 - year-old girl who can keep her cool when some stupid fabric hits her in the head .
This is the first year since 1997 that nobody won an Oscar for playing a real-life character . That's a 19 year streak ,
The Marvel Cinematic Universe : Giving Human Torch actors a second chance since 2011 . BlackPanther
it's okay if you don't like The Last Jedi . i mean hey we all have opinions and yours is just kind of bad .
It's Halloween Time . Why not read a Halloween Fictional Forensic Accountant Crime Book . Ad
It's Halloween Time . Why not read a Halloween Fictional Forensic Accountant Crime Book . Ad
Download this beautiful FREE Avo recipe e-book . AvoebookSweepstakes AvoSecrets -
Enter for a chance to WIN a prize package that includes a $ 1,000 gift card good at either Babies R ' Us or Toys R ' U
paybacks a bitch my dear ....
I come from a long line of sinners like me . ericchurch
Why is Taylor Swift on the Miranda Lambert station . Pandora , get your shit together .
Some people that ya least expect , seem to let ya down ...
no more broken phone ! ! ffffyes
18 minutes till the best show ever .. GreyAnatomy
gonna snuggle up on the couch with my blanket and watch pretty little liars
i think im gonna but not sure when . Im scurrrrred !
I want to go to New York .
me too , I can't stop listening to his album ! its so good :)
Not ready for another week of classes .. Can't school be over already ! ?
Red solo cup ! They fuck me up ! Lets have a party !
"" Funny how a melody sounds like a memory "" - Eric Church - Springsteen
I will never eat peanut butter reese squares before I go swimming in the ocean . Big thanks to that commercial !
Mio drink is my fav .
May your finals be as easy as you are suchaslut
have you ever watched an entire episode ? !
I need to see my long lost friend soon ! :) beenwaytoolong
thats one doodle that can't be undone , home skillet . juno
Weird people following me on twitter that i dont know < < creepers yucky
Work all weekend < < < <
My momma wasn't lying when she told me life just flies by even faster the older you get .
I just smile and say , God bless . - Miranda Lambert
miss you both ! !
I know that this is old news but any TVD lovers out there what's your fav ship cause mine is Klaroline
Felix ? ? ? ?
Doesn't pick up the phone when she doesn't recognize the number . Jus sayin '
Wishes there was an in and out at sfo
Wow . If I kill a bratty child do I have to stay on the island ?
just biked 20.9 mi in 2 hours 23 mins and burned 1221 calories . Total burned so far : 30344 calories ! on 6/24 / 12 at 2:17 PM cardiotrainer
feminist alert on the Raven's sideline ! ! ! Visibility !
pulled a fast one on me and misrepresented situation and took advantage . Sux when I was dealing with death in family
FU actransitsuck W bus driver for being 3 min ahead of schedule and almost shutting door in my face .
Proud to be an Ex-Smoker !
MerryChristmasEveryone ! ! ! !
100 must-read books that explore addiction :
Trying out so I can browse privately from my ISP
That was honestly the best battle scene I've ever seen . I couldn't breathe for 20 min . Well done GameofThrones
"" Barack could only jerk one dick at a time . Look at this , do you see this wrist control ? It's spectacular "" RNCinCLE ht
"" We really don't need feminism anymore ""
I find it incomprehensible that Trump talks about trade at the same time that he makes his products in low-wage countrie
Good morning twitter . Daily reminder that Mike Pence is human trash .
This guy ain't even Muslim . He's a Sikh . And if he's fighting for me , he can wear whatever he wants
Remember when mobs of gun-toting Tea Partiers flooded DC , pledged to assassinate Obama & amp ; burned him in effigy on the mall ?
If the bees die , we die . So have fun with that
Our gov't has responsibility to defend borders , but must do so in way that makes us safer & amp ; upholds all that's decent & amp ;
I'm going to get annoyed at life and then drink . Not unlikely honestly ha
If you are truly pro-life , you should be pro - @EPA Climate should be a non-partisan issue . climatechange
Racism is alive and well in America . I'm embarrassed that I even know this person . Disgusting .
There's a lot of celebrities who were born into poverty and even though they're wealthy now still rememb
"" Found him in Achankovil forest Kerala , India "" by Panda _911 via
Terrace View just took $ 500 out of my account for July rent though I already paid it . Then they said I'd have to wait 1 month for a refund
do people not know how expensive grocery shopping actually is
Did anyone else know what a talented artist Jim Carrey is ? I had no idea .
Really ? I haven't watched it but I heard a ton about it . What's wrong with it ?
never ask me why I love Eric Andre
A Sassy Gay Republican DRAMA in Four Acts .
Yassss getting shit done !
The daily reality of working in male-dominated fields
Goose the 9 week old great dane
What I time I does I the I next I bus I leave I for I bikini I bottom I I
The TL hasnt been disussing the fact that the new hey Arnold movie is a week away from premiering on Nickelodean . Apparen
Andre 3000 and Big Boi arguing that the other rapper is the better of the two is my favorite rap beef .
My lungs collapsed . COLLAPSED .
My mom suggested to my dad that they get an artificial tree this year , and he wasnt too thrilled
I'll give Benny fire award to top jugads offer
villa v1 unlocked and 2 of those will never move , possibly all 3 .
decent , thank you !
For Mls boosts / onforms
that's right fuck Rey that backstabber Backstabberoftheyear
Why use afful back to back sets ?
I saved just after it came in as well
Anyone want these Griffey inserts for kick ?
I'm selling all my Bpl shit from this year for any mls base I don't have much of from the last couple releases take trades in your favor
neither of those 2 a bit too much
Scammer do not try to sell or buy with him
I know everyone of Chu's additions he told that story so often haha
If I pack a 90 + legend or red IF in my Top 100 monthly pack , I will giveaway 50 / & amp ;/ $ PSN or XBOX code . Simply and follow to
I have some bronze and silver as well would like all of those
You can send to me
And plenty of other deals the same even with the "" reduced "" prices . It's ridiculous man , we are suppos
$ 5 for each ggc Lukaku . Deal ?
Anyone trading or selling mls physical wave 2 in bulk ?
Got silver kaka and gio still need the rest
Want this in a deal for gio VIP sig
Golden goal is the way to go
Beats me , out of packs maybe ? I invested to sell when ppl got coins Thursday but sold as soon as he spiked up 70k
It blows my mind how 75 % of my goals conceded are off kick offs
Ipswich and Middlesbrough easy money , Ajax and pac easy money
Outgoing federal ethics chief : We are pretty close to a laughingstock at this point
Sean Spicer quits and the world loses another reality TV celebrity
Tomi Lahren Uses Military Trans Ban To Slam Obama . J . K . Rowling Wasnt Having It
Trump ' bystander ' story on Jr's Russia meeting doesn't hold up via
British asked Washington in 1952 to foment coup against Mosaddeq
Not alt-right white : Heather Heyer identified by friends as woman killed during protest in Charlottesville
You got what you wanted , as do the few extreme's of the left , Press Coverage ! Only this time Actual Journalism Of F
The positive impact of preventive health
' We will get Donald elected ' : Emails show Trump ally was working with Russia during campaign
Huge black cloud of smoke coming from and traveling high into the air above fire ! !
Wife of Trump Organization Ethics Lawyer Arrested for Allegedly Having Sex with 23 - year-old Inmat ...
Are congressional Trump Russia probes getting in Mueller's way ? via
Exclusive : Trump using campaign , RNC funds to pay legal bills from Russia probe via
Decentralized Home Solar Power Is Lighting Up Sub-Saharan Africa via
Prince Harry hanging with Obama and Biden at Invictus Games will warm your heart via
San Juan mayor : Trump can attack me as long as it gets out the message that Puerto Ricans are hungry via
San Juan Mayor : Trump's Puerto Rico threats show he's ' incapable of empathy '
Keeping My Oath : USN All Shore ' 67 - ' 71 GMG 3 Vietnam In Country ' 70 - ' 71 - Independent * *
Backing banks and credit card companies , Congress blocks class-action lawsuits from consumers
Trump foreign policy adviser pleads guilty in Russia probe via
( R ) Congress , Select Committee's Of , Publicly Admitting They Had No Clue As To Niger Ops . , As Well ! !
Scotland investigating Donald Trump resort's damage to coastal dunes via
Anybody Who's Served , Esp Oversea's , And Attended A USO Show , Esp . In A War Op Theater , Know Just Where & amp ; How They Take Place ! !
America is about to kill the open internet and towns like this will pay the price
Trump Foundation funding of James O'Keefe was twice as much as previously reported , per new filings
Operative Offered Trump Campaign Kremlin Connection Using N . R . A . Ties
It's a War on Hanukkah as Donald Trump did not invite Jewish Democrats to the White House party
Ahead of net neutrality vote , FCC chairman stars in video with Pizzagate conspiracy theorist via
REVEALED : How Trump used a dirty tax scam to score a $ 5.7 million windfall off Mar-a-Lago
Just checked , the White House / Trump have made no statements about President Carter . Carter attended Trump's inauguration .
A motion to proceed without knowing what youre proceeding to turns out to be the story of 2016 AND 2017 .
I want to develop a series showing an alternate history in which Donald Trump never became President called The Man Who
Mar-A-Lago Jobs : Only 17 Americans Out Of 300 Applicants Hired , U . S . People Given Non-Fax Number To Fax Resume
Lol , you think Trump gives a shit about his kids ? Not everyone has parents to whom they matter .
NAZIS FOREVER YOU ARE FUCKING JABRONIS OF THE EARTH I BREAK ALL YOUR FUCKING NECKS GO FUCK YOURSELF
I will respect Pepsi's decision to stay on the Jobs Council if and only if they send Kendall Jenner to the meeting as a se
Unless Kelly and the other generals form one for us . Which I'm conflicted about .
Looking at live tweets of a Trump speech instead of watching the speech itself is my soul's eclipse glasses .
JOEL OSTEEN YOU BE SMART OR I BREAK YOUR NECK
Just in : In court filing , Justice Department says no evidence Trump Tower was wiretapped as POTUS claimed
I am in disbelief right now ... This is Long Island , Bahamas and the ocean water is missing ! ! ! That's as far as they see Hurri
Something rather revealing in Trump calling "" antifa "" the "" other side ""
If you vote to reorder one-sixth of the US economy without a CBO score , never call yourself conservative again . You are a dange
Puerto Rico has no power and we're worrying about the NFL . I mean , I'd argue theres no debate on get
He dances better than Trump . I will give him that .
Theyre definitely using to have everything mailed to them .
Youre one of a handful of Republicans I can respect . This is not helping . - A Dirty Commie
Jimmy Carter and Bush the Elder are the same age . ( 93 ) Gotta go build a house to stave off old age .
Congratulations to Catalonia and Kurdistan as they join the independent nations of the world . It's a real bitch but welcome t
Mine will be my epitaph . Carved in wood , because nothing is forever .
Regime change starts at home , dude .
* hums La Marseillaise while sharpening guillotine *
I agree . I just ... understand the urge to protect your kids , even if they're shitheads ca
This is what turns so many people away from the church . I lump them all in with these dirtbags . Not
This tweet was a bad idea . You should've aborted it .
doesn't worry about privacy because he's a sovereign citizen anyway
"" his ears perked up every time she was on screen "" i JUST I JUST
nobody likes a tall asshole , that's why I'm short because a short mean person is way cuter ShortGirlAppreciationDay
There is a different between sexual attraction and romantic attraction .
I love her ! She's so amazing . I don't think I've ever met another person like her and that's eye opening .
RedOut | Red Nose Day 2017
Tell Burt he's my fave
Hey y'all ... if you've already listened to LeVarBurtonReads and liked it , don't forget to rate and / or review . Thanks
According to my tumblr bio , I've been 16 for almost 3 years now .
this is my favorite poem
I've had NO energy , yet I've meditated on receiving it . Bc I saw myself as lathargic , I've mirrored more of it back onto myself . Namaste .
When the Japanese mend broken objects , they aggrandize the damage by filling the cracks with gold . They believe ...
Loved meeting Mary , David , and lil ' miss Aspyn Claire ( shes soo tiny ) yesterday ! We're all going out tonight to ...
I'm not a normal girl . I don't like to wear dresses and skirts . I'd rather just wear comfy sweat pants . athleticgirl ...
Unibrow boy ! ! !
hey I'll have my permit soon !
don't cry because its over cry because you're ugly
What attracts tourists to your city ? me
You . Me . Cuddling . Now .
Well ... we went to osakis ! wow baddriver lol funnight
"" @Northern_Sweet : George and Alan ? This is country music heaven . "" So excited ! ! Love them ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Fuck anyone that talks shit just for a reaction .
: what being a student athlete is like
This is very true .
Why do all guys i ever like turn out to be dicks ... this is why I don't get attached ! !
My life in a picture
Half the thing you say aren't even true ! hateit
Gotta put a smile on to make it through the day !
Back when a hoe was a hoe , coke was a coke , and crack's what you were doing , when you were cracking jokes . TimMcGraw
im so ugly today just like yesterday and the day before and the day before that just like always
Its funny some of the lies people tell you to make you feel better , yet we still believe them .
"" @FreddyAmazin : bless friends who tell you , text me when you get home safe ""
little man with an attitude
you ever see some shit and get jealous ? but you cant even be mad because that person isnt even yours
Ok , boo . I'll have to keep bombarding your facebook and twitterz all the timeeeee
I've done all the work I can do on my assignment . Now I just have to wait for my source to get back to me . NotAPatientPerson EmailMeSoon
I would say hot tamale , bumper , or bubble .
My phone seems to think I'm a former Spice girl ... flattered
23 Reminders That Life Will Never Be As Bad As It Was In Middle School
During the shutdown , congress still gets paid . View how much . congressstillgetspaid ... this is upsetting
18 Things You Probably Didnt Know About The Movie "" Elf "" via
Nelson Mandela dies at the age of 95 ( updated )
People really need to learn the meaning of the word "" infamous . "" Infamous super famous .
77 Facts That Sound Like Huge Lies But Are Actually Completely True via
21 Problems All Sarcastic People Will Understand via
Brian Williams Raps "" Baby Got Back "" : via YASSSSSSS
Horrible Bosses 2 - Official Teaser Trailer [HD] : via AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Dear Kitten : Still in love with this video via
Sara Gilbert Finds Amazingly Awesome Way To Say : My Wife And I Are Having A Baby
Mobile , Baldwin obituaries for Nov . 24 : Ryan Langley ' always had a smile on his face ' via
American Cancer Society to present Celebrating the Gift of Life via
ESPN Analyst Accidentally Tweets PornHub Link via
WATCH LIVE : and hold presser on major statewide announcement .
Hey look what I found !
This 17 - Year-Old Was Told By Her JCPenney Boss To Change Out Of Shorts She Got At The Store via
This menstrual pad commercial fat-shames and period-shames women all in one minute . via
22 Small Victories That Only Journalists Will Appreciate
Seems like Huckabee is channeling Regina George in his tweets . But not in a good way . DemDebate catty
22 Reasons Why Clue Is Your Favorite Movie via
Kevin Smith Got His Daughter a "" Sorry Men Suck "" Cake After She Was Almost Kidnapped
This Tiny Abandoned Baby Fox Has Become Best Friends With A Teddy Bear via
Men On Twitter Kept Telling Hillary Clinton To Smile As She Delivered Her Speech via
44 Of The Most Important Cat Tweets Of 2016 via
and you're assuming that women only vote for women because they're women ? Also , Debbie didn't vote for
23 "" Mean Girls "" And "" Harry Potter "" Connections That Will Blow Your Mind via
You HAVE to see this movie . kickass 2 - sp
Extremely Spicy Ramen Challenge ! ! ! I am sweating so much : via
Maya Rudolph knows is the best place for all your holiday gift needs -
I pity the fool who doesnt tune in to T-Time ! Heres some bold life advice from & amp ; FlavorChargedTea
Enjoy ChickenParm made with Encrusted Parmesan & amp ; Herb Breaded Chicken PerdueCrew promotion -
Have some fun with your food ! California Roll Stacks are a must try ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
Reloj Invicta para caballeros Pro Diver Collection Chronograph , precio 10500bsf , Inf : 04149081478
I am from Venezuela , if somebody from Ghana or Nigeria write you about one business just write me , it is a fraud .
my friend if somebody from Ghana contact you to offer a business of money please let me know they stole me a lot of money
"" Prefiero explicarle a mis hijos por qu estoy preso que explicarles por qu no tienen pas "" -
7:48 pm . En este momento se reporta la transmisin de 30 % de las mquinas . Es decir , de 40601 mesas , ya cerraron 30 %
La Unidad fue clave de la victoria y sera clave de la libertad ! LibertadAntesDeNavidad
RECONCELO ! Este es el esbirro de Maduro se hace pasar por estudiante en Espaa -
Gobierno present impugnaciones contra 8 Dip . de la MUD . Sala Electoral del TSJ levant perodo de vacaciones para rec
Manuel : mi cuenta es abierto algunas falsas con nombres parecidos . Para no equivocarse ver nme
Hoy cumple 3 aos nuestro hijo Leopoldo Santiago . Te amamos hijo crecers en Libertad .
te prometo q la fuerza y el coraje son mucho mas poderosos q los cobardes
Venezuela , la LIBERTAD es el bien ms preciado que tiene el hombre . Exigimos LiberenALosDiputados AmnistiaYA
El tuit del presidente de VTV antes de no comparecer en la Asamblea Nacional
Dice Nicolstima que para reestructurar al "" podrido Abasto Bicentenario "" pedir ayuda a las Comunas . Y LAS COMUNAS NO ESTN PO
Sentencia de la Sala Constitucional del TSJ limita el control poltico natural de la AN y es una clara violacin a la volu
Se acaban de robar el carro de mi cuado : Chery X1 Placas AH528OM Amarillo / Dorado Entre Plaza Venezuela y Cotiza
EnVivo "" Comparen las guarimbas esculidas del Gobierno con la que hace el pueblo todos los das ""
Familiares : Que se difunda cmo el SEBIN desacata orden d libertad por parte del circuito judicial . Libertad inmediata
Redadas indiscriminadas OLP detuvieron ms de 14.000 personas . Slo 100 estaban vinculadas a delitos OLPFracas
NO SE LA CALAN ! Protestan contra Jorge Rodrguez por aumento masivo de impuestos en Caracas htt
la unica forma seria q la mayora de esos millones se escondan en sus casas y no luchen
Uribe : Fuerzas armadas internacionales deben proteger a oposicin venezolana : PuebloUnidoVenceAlCNE
muchas gracias por sus comentarios y no le preste atencin a los chavistas q hasta en el twitter
Mesa de la Unidad denunci conducta irresponsable y grosera del CNE
1/2 Existe alto % de probabilidad que , da a da , mezclado en alimentos , estn terminando con la vida de Leopoldo . htt
este Grl . Ser sentenciado ante tribunales apegados a la ley ya que , ha violentado todos los mecanismos constitucionales
I hate waking up from naps cause I'm always confused like where am I what time is it is this earth where's my mom
Take life by the combo meal
if i were a bird , youd be the first person i'd shit on
Candy corn is the least healthy form of corn .
I feel like I'm just now waking up from a week long nap
someone please bring me to see chance this spring
happy happy happy b-day ! :)
I was just subjected to some music from the new "" witch haus "" genre ... Yes I wish I was joking ...
Good hangs with now off to practice day of Warped !
- set is 5:15 p today at Dallas , the AP / Advent stage ! First to high-five Jasmine the Mer ...
Playing the Ernie Ball stage in Buffalo NY at 3.10 today . vanswarpedtour
On a school bus with the rest of Warped Tour heading to clean up a flood site in Nashville . I haven't been on a school bus in over 7 years
Back in the states after crossing the border with everyone else for an hour ...
Editing videos from while listening to Its almost like Warped isn't over ...
Forgot I had the Psych box set ! If you need me I'll be watching that while working for the rest of the night . Haha
Why is there a random box of clothes outside of my apt ? I just left them there .
At sea today . Samana tomorrow !
Tendering to Belize to tender to the Pearl to tender back to Belize to tender back to my ship
On the way off the ship ...
Spring cleaning ! Just listed more stuff on eBay . More items to come shortly ! Check it out !
Woo RV is fixed !
Just saw a 50 year old juggalo with a Twilight shirt & a McQueen scarf , I'm confused ... onlyatwarpedtour
Hello Naples ! Its nice to actually be awake & see you !
Sunday can't come soon enough !
Check out this video my friend made ! Do it ! :)
Happy St . Patrick's Day ! I leave you with Irish Celebration from
One case of wedding water done . 4 more to go ...
Just made a clutch for my wedding on a whim ! Not to bad ...
Jasmine Norris-Dixson , Indiana Wedding Photographer says Religious Freedom Act does not change the way she does ...
When this is lovely light and beautiful couples it makes my job super easy ! jasminenorris
Behind the scenes of Samantha & amp ; Tyler's gorgeous wedding at the beautiful
Allison and Jasmine ( and their adorable dog Caroline ) are just too cute for words . I had a
Happy Holidays , Merry Christmas , Happy Chanukah , and whatever holiday you celebrate ! I hop
Getting ready to head out to Stacy & amp ; Craig's wedding today ! Their wedding kicks of the 201
How adorable are the Penko's ? ! ? ! This little one ended up arriving 2 months early but she is happy and healthy , wh
"" You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore . "" - Christopher Columbus ja
Y ! : Im hungry ... i wonder what i should make for dinner tonight
Take a pic - I gotta see this !
haha . I had it on my nails & amp ; really pissed my lady off !
I do applaud his optimism though Jason .. I would be drinking a beer and kissing this week goodbye had I played you !
OH NO ... OH YES ! Iowa State tied the record for most 3 - pt FG vs Kansas with 18 , including this dagger to take the lead .
is abc's loss ! AdamBringsChange
Thank you for opposing SOPA !
trying to figure out that trick of sending a DM to new followers ... where is that setting ? or is it a 3rd party thing ?
interested in email marketing ? get a free test drive with AWeber at :
"" Live Lightning Crashes ""
nice ! "" The Cure Lovesong ""
I just posted this to my blog : Tools for Keyword Research : Wordstream
All this post-debate discussion about bindersfullofwomen is doing nothing for me . I'm ready for a little OrangeOctober - Go !
Almost time for kickoff ! Go Utes !
The way it's worded , it really doesn't say additional cards for the team award . It only says it for the full collection .
It's official , I am running this 1/2 marathon next month . Doesn't leave much time to train but I think I'll be ...
Hola ta como trabajas ! Y m pa ni se digaaaaaaa ... pero los amo natasha
idk yet ... I'm hoping ill find out Friday when i see an orthopaedic doctor
My hair is done and prom doesn't start for another 3 hours i don't know what to do promproblems
Put on icy hot then at some point i touched my lips . How do i know ? I licked them and now my tongue is tingly weird
Best batting cage around here ? Anyone ?
I cant help it if I got a heavy flow & amp ; a wide set vagina . meangirls
LOCHTE NATION ! If I hit 1 million followers b4 I land on US soil tomorrow I'll pick a random follower to fly out for a p ...
Why is it that we always want what we can't have ?
SUNDAY : The day ALL my homework piles up ... Crap StudentAthleteProbz
I feel like Hunter Hayes is the Justin Bieber of the country music world .
My patience + doctors offices = bad experience for everyone
I know ... except that I have to get there mad early because of my shoulder . So that part isn't my fault ! jerk
it bugs me ! How am I supposed to know if I have plans or not when someone takes three hours to text back !
you're gonna love I lex :)
Why is everyone on twitter so unhappy today ? IT'S NICE OUTSIDE !
Putting your hair in a wet bun and taking it down 24 hours later ... Still wet . thickhairprobss
ill try to keep that in mind
I'll be home for Christmas
"" There's no plastic surgery for the soul . "" GirlCode
that's not even true in physics lol
I hate everything about you and by everything I mean the fact that I can't stop thinking about you sadtweet
I have a wonderful boyfriend :)
I just started watching on netflix ... good so far !
Gravitational waves : breakthrough discovery after a century of expectation
Cheers . Here's your Daily Skimm .
"" flip a coin , when its in the air you'll know which side you want it to fall on "" what a great season of boardwalkempire
the nba ad against using the word "" gay "" is pretty fucking gay
The Vegas Playboy Club is closing with the change in the ownership of the Palms . A new Vegas location will be announced ...
way to go Bubba ! ! !
I dont care that Mel Gibson is a dick , all of his movies own
"" Natural ability without education has more often attained to glory and virtue than education without natural ability . "" - Cicero
Is Billy Crystal doing jokes about Hurricane Sandy ? It actually is too soon , right ?
don't stay in school kids all the best shit happens when you drop out .
Despite incredible advances in tech and social media , I still think "" takin a dump "" is the biggest excuse of procrastination at work offices
After watching my breakingbad advance copy , I was surprised how fast Walt could shoot Hank in the face , and then himself .
I taught him that .
then don't vote for democrats
Lolzzzz ya I got nothing
if you go out in Lincoln yes . Haaaa
I agree with you , pretty lame ! ! !
some guy I work with eats tuna alllll the time at work . Maybe now I know why ! Lol
thank you very much Erik ! !
Wish this sore throat would go away ! !
noooo problem . Cheer up . Love you !
you give me your cat and we'll talk
i love you lady :) yourgoodmom number 1
Be thankful for your blessings and never doubt your struggles . Don't ask why they happened , just be thankful for the s
Are you going to get a gym membership missy ? !
Burrr . A little cold outside this morning !
YES ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I wish every teacher could be like this one . seriously he's the best .
he said you can tell her hi too !
Remember when they used to make purple and green ketchup ?
Either there's not enough hours in the day or I'm just way to darn busy .
Wait 24 hours before getting mad and reacting . If it doesn't bother you in 24 hours , it probably isn't important enoug
yikes ! ! ! Well I'm glad it's getting better for you . I can't even imagine that pain .
People are way too judgmental these days . Oh and they get butt hurt and offended over the smallest things . hairflipbye
haha maybe if it was in Lincoln
Got both kids down for a nap at the same time . THIS never happens . So that means nap time for me too
did you feel the earthquake they had ?
Make the rest of your life the best of your life .
Am I the only one staying at home tonight ? !
Find a soul that speaks to you and listen ..
I just wanna feel okay again .
"" Hi , I just finished my free trial of adulthood . I'm no longer interested so I want to cancel my subscription . ""
girls are suckers for these
not me I went last night but it was so good ! !
EVERYONE IS LEAVING IM NOT PREPARED FOR THIS
My dad just came up to me and said "" a child's face says it all ... especially the mouth part of the face . ""
Fractured a sci fi novel by Christine Ralston - - On sale for 99 cents through June 30th
I'm earning points with CricketRewards
I unsubscribed from my unwanted emails with Life is busy . Your inbox shouldn't be .
Our are fed a 100 % vegetarian diet to ensure that you get the best product PerdueCrew Promotion -
Try hosting a spooky soup swap to keep the family warm all Halloween long ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
Happy Birthday Chey ! I love you more than words can describe ! You've always been there for me and I'm always here fo
i see myself having your child , i see myself being your wife and i see my whole future in your eyes
i miss my bestfriend but he wants to be an asshole
one day , someone will give you everything everyone else made excuses for and you'll know the difference between what lov
and my answer is always the same . "" i'll give you $ 5 and my jacket if you please just don't "" and she just laughs at me and walks away
i've never seen myself like this before
i actually enjoyed listening to papa joes stories . he was my fav
I'm such a rebel now without a case on my phone
Hanging out with her this weekend
But u lead him on
People change for the worst
I got one girl and she my girl and anybody else can hit it
Just want to give you the world
Im sooo tired today I need a nap lol
I wanna watch u burn
That awkward moment when I don't kno if I should send a risky text or not .
Wow , I can't believe I put trust in u over and over again just to have it be broken . trustiseverything
, and maybe we culd think of 2 other ppl to go with if she wuld let me but I doubt it haha
I hate thinking you knew someone and it turns out u never did at all .. < \ 3
Well . This is anticlimactic .
Well , the Mayan calendar ends in 9 days .. ' Until such time as the world ends , we will act as though it intends to spin on ' Nick Fury
I'm so dumb , I fed my bf day old food . FML soditzyiwannadie
I dont really give a fuck , and my excuse is that Im young And Im only getting older so somebody should've told ya I'm on one
What to do after an Eating Binge by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Healthy 360
How to introduce Tuscan decor into your kitchen by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Space 360
How to keep your Children Safe at Home by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Healthy 360
Exercise on a budget by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Healthy 360
Tips for Creating an Efficient Kitchen by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Space 360
The many uses of Hydrogen Peroxide by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Space 360
Health Benefits of Indoor Plants by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Space 360
The great outdoors with indoor luxuries ! Enter now for a chance to glamp with Girl
How to Display Clothes at a Yard Sale or Tag Sale by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Space 360
The Relationship between Low self Esteem and Anorexia by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Healthy 360
How to make your marriage last by Linda Cann Pearson | Relating 360
10 Tips for Finding Bargains at Garage and Yard Sales by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Space 360
Tips for Creating a Farmhouse Kitchen by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Space 360
Penzey's Spices , West Hartford , Connecticut : A feast for the senses via
Tips for a Healthy Lifestyle in your 60s by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Healthy 360
Reasons not to exaggerate on your resume by Linda Cann Pearson | Career Path
Creating fat kids is a parenting choice ... you have to decide ! family ChildrenInNeed
Tips for Creating a Farmhouse Kitchen by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Space 360
How to Avoid Weight Gain when you Work at a Desk all Day by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Healthy 360
Risk Factors that Contribute to Domestic Violence by Linda Cann Pearson | Relating 360
Resume blunders job candidates should avoid by Linda Cann Pearson | Career Path
Frugal Decorating Ideas for a Master Bedroom by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Space 360
How to Treat Obesity in Cats by Linda Cann Pearson | Critters 360
Volunteering in your Specialty as a Summer Job by Linda Cann Pearson | Career Path
Mildred the Cat just checking in - Bubblews via
Tree Casualties of the Storm PHOTO , storm damage
David Bowie - Hunky Dory - "" David Bowie's first great album "" .
Back at ya ! ! Have a great one ! !
The BoldandtheBeautiful : triumph or tragedy ? - Daily Two Cents
An ancient murder mystery : The Stonehenge Archer - Tellurian Studies
Big time Presidentialdebate tonight - could be nasty donaldtrumpsexvideo presidentialdebate billybush wikileaks
Everybody's got a hungry heart .
David Beckham is the biggest DILF in the world
I asked Santa for the sexiest person alive this Christmas ... I woke up in a box .
RETWEET THiS 500 TiMES iF U WANT ME TO DROP SOME VERSACE BARS OFF THE PEACH PANTHER ALBUM
ALL SCHOOLS SHOULD BE HUGE WORK OUT FACiLiTiES TO TRAiN KiDS ABOUT STAYiNG iN SHAPE , EATiNG HEALTHY , DRiNKiNG WATER & amp ; T
Monday night TV rocks my f-in world !
Especially those who feel the need to "" prove me wrong "" or make it look like I'm over reacting . Blogging is for venting . F * ck you .
I'm so tired ! ! I hate this weather . It just makes me wanna sleep all day .
I was just playin , Doll . Love the show ! PS - cute pic !
I ate all the chicken soup in the house ...
Dan's epic "" loser email . "" Kinda made my day though ! And am I hot , DB ?
Top 10 TV Comedies of 2010
WTG for Time's 2 Most Influential Person of 2011 !
I know . Just changed the password . Grrr .
natgeo 90s Is Tonya Harding aware she sounds like a bitter old bitch ?
poor choice in Family Guy episodes tonight . Mass media murderer ? toosoon
MEN : You're shaving your "" vagina "" wrong Another great RadioTMI sarcasm save
Dude , it's 82 ... you're making me hot just looking at you ! ironpigs baconusa
First half of Ep 2 of InternetIcon 2 is up ! And I'm in it ! ! So is Watch it
Goodbye DOMA . Goodbye Prop 8 . Hello road to equality for all . It's a good day to be gay . YayGay ! !
Front green is still the best .
Why is it so goddamn cold ?
Listened to Jimmi Hendrix , Coldplay , The Beatles , and Radiohead in class today . It's gonna be a good semester . (:
Robert Carlyle is absolutely brilliant in Once Upon a Time .
"" When it doesnt work out , you end up drunk in my apartment in the middle of the night and yell at my roommates cats . "" - Donna Moss
my daughter was Ironman , not a girly version , but Tony Stark with a goatee , iron MAN ... LOL
Diet Special : 100 Healthy Recipes That Aren't As Nice As A Pizza .
Dear Taylor : Where's the goat ? Love , 180-01 VSFashionShow
Such a beautiful song . Damn . GRAMMYs
Waiting for Spacey to pause , cock his head , then tell us exactly how stupid we all are . Oscars 2014
I cant . Like Liam Neesons daughter , I am taken . be my husband
A successful night of nacho puns and blender-izing with and some truly lovely human beings . nacholastgoodbye
Tenerife Sea by or Budapest by
There's something oddly soothing about thunderstorms .
It seems like the Universe is recalling geniuses this week . RIP Alan Rickman .
CHALLENGE GIRL HATE : support respect welcome befriend unite GirlLove
Let us be crystal fucking clear who is responsible .
What a mobile website is - supposed - to do
There are few things in life that bring me more happiness than finding the perfect TheWestWing gif to capture my c
Remember how you feel now . The anger , hopelessness ... There is no better reminder that YOUR . VOTE . MATTERS . It's up to us to VoteThemOut .
Any chance Trump will be the kind of maverick who boycotts the tradition of staying in office a full 4 years ?
In Tom Price's world , people * desire * care vs . NEEDING CARE AND TREATMENT BECAUSE THEY GROW SICK . People desire chemotherap
People all over the world ( everybody ) Join hands ( join ) Start a pug train Pug Train
This SallyYates hearing makes abundantly clear 1 . We desperately need an independent investigation 2 . The GOP will ensur
A quick look at , following Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement today , where the rest of the earth s
The Mayor of San Juan is wading through sewage , searching for people with a bullhorn while insults her on
You are an amazing artist who went to great lengths to make fans happy in Ipswich even though you were still ill
Every am I need a daily pic of you to make my day . What can be any better than directly from you ? Can I say already gorgeous ?
Wish I didn't live on the wrong coast ! I miss all of the exciting stuff !
Thanks for sharing . They sound so freaking amazing ! Can't wait , can't wait !
What else can possibly be said about watching IHeartNickCarter tonight other than it is the best show ever ?
I had The One play today on just at the right moment when my kids were not in control of the radio !
Love the pants ! You are definitely styling ! You give Santa a run for his money :)
Maybe he and AJ can do some kind of ballet duet !
I can't believe Incomplete is on the radio ! It's about time everyone gets the hint that u guys r amazing & amp ; here to stay !
You always seem to know what's going on . Can you fill in the gaps ?
Since Nick is supposed to dance with her some in the next dance , now what ?
Feeling pretty down in the dumps tonight . I would love a goodnight if you have any leftover
Emison is never over 29
Emison is never over 127
EMILY STOPPED LYING YOU KNOW YOU LOVE IT
We Love Emison To Death
We Love Emison To Death
We're trending ! Let's keep it up . No Escaping Emison
I think in the finale .
Honeymoon with my wife ! ! ! jackieandramien Dominicana Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International
Go Who are you supporting ? WorldCup
man this stuff is good ! beerporn
how ya feeling bud ? well rested ? NoPunts :)
Wow ! Just finished binge-watching the second season of "" She's The Sheriff . "" Did I miss anything exciting ? GBvsSEA
why didn't you think of this ?
Oh man this book is awesome . We are going to make some good cocktails together . flavorbible
Italy scores ! Stadium explodes ! ITAvNOR
just 4 months from being able to try this
In solidarity with national DayWithoutImmigrants demonstrations , all 3 ATL locations are closed today
Say what you will about the new Ken dolls , I think theyre summers most insertable toy !
Keepthepromise for to protect the world's most vulnerable children
Im not anti-trump Im an American Spanish immigrant that believes that We the People is more powerful
Pence as the human torch because he's always fired up . Leave a pitch over the plate and he's gonna burn yo
i feel like i'm already tired tomorrow
( 310 ): One day I'll learn not to get drunk on a plane . Today is not that day .
When you're with your man and you see a bitch that wanted him
ur so cute I can't wait to put u in my top 8
Last weekend a contact disappeared in my eye and I had to wear glasses so I mean I'm cute right
( 240 ): I just fell and sprained my ankle in the shower . No , I wasn't having sex . I was doing the time warp . Again .
( 603 ): How does one get out of sexting without being rude ? I'm trying to watch Downtown Abbey
I'm nothing like they pictured me to be .
( 315 ): I am high playing guitar hero naked . Please don't let me die this way
( 248 ): I'm on my way to bail our sister out of jail with our mother's credit card . How old are we ? ?
the chubby caterpillar from a bugs life except i will never turn into a beautiful butterfly
I love you and I miss you too ! !
Retweet if you've ever gotten this text from your dad when you ask him a question .
My girlfriend does this funny thing where she doesn't exist Auburn University
the length some people will go to in order to seem like the victim in situations where they're at fault
am I going to have a successful school year with minimal stress and a profitable future with happiness ?
i hope you always find time for the things that make you feel happy to be alive
don't dump him just yet ... first have his eyes checked . Then get him educated on the style and s
i'm at the age where i wanna have it all together but i can't bc i'm still young ... then i feel like i'm doing nothing
( 717 ): dude , you declined head because you wanted to tell her about how you put cinnamon in your weed . also , we're low on Chef Bo
( 732 ): the weed was in a baggy that had little penguins on it . i am so excited you have no idea
( 631 ): We need to borrow someone's dog . Just so we can non-creepily go to PetSmart and watch all the other dogs take photos with
( 973 ): And the sexual frustration is like I'm wearing a damn horcrux
(8 62 ): Hope you are okay . You were running down the street with shopping cart at one point and yelling "" bitches aint shit ! ""
Clutching to the idea that things get better .
( 224 ): What made you think singing Silent Night while I was puking was a good idea ? ! ? !
( 210 ): She is still out of it but keeps saying ur name she said to tell u dinosaurs aren't real but biscuit with a z made bad cho
we gotta keep Tommy Le's name alive , 2 months after the police murdered him . the media dropped his story , but he still has
First day of school !
Sigrun : I earned this achievement : Apprentice Harvester ! Rift
Kazandar : yeah , I'll be getting up to date game info from everyone I follow while I Play Rift
Shocking Photos : PETA's Secret Slaughter of Kittens , Puppies via
Yeah me either . Should have . Nursing home checks in OK used to be routine bouncers honestly .
Hey fellow white dudes . Women , children & amp ; PoC have been brutalized by this despicable election . Time to man up and vot
that's a lot to ask from Christmas-February .
Opinion : "" Trumps firing of the acting attorney general sets a dangerous precedent "" via
your statement and advice is incomprehensible . Counseling for understanding why civil rights are important ? Pffft .
first condescending , now insulting and gaslighting , yup , right on target . Trying to control the narrative
to work for things to get better . Progress is not a zero-sum game . All women don't have to be equally abused
We could conceivably go far enough down to get Mattis .
Emmanuel Macron wins French presidential election in landslide
In the hole when the rhythm method fails . Super !
That's all the bullets his gun would hold ?
Can you guys fix it where Gen Mattis ends up with the Presidency ? He seems to be the only
Dude , I cut him from my fantasy team 3 weeks ago . I like TT , but he hasn't been awesome this year .
If only you could have found it in your heart to vote against that ridiculous tax bill . Country over party .
El que madroga Dios lo ayuda UuU
tu qlito en mi imbots prros : v
He publicado una foto nueva en Facebook
Just give me a reason , just a little bit's enough , just a secont we're not broken just bent and we can learn to love again
Feliz da Rosa mi amor , te amo
Mido 1.53 a tu lado soy ? - Alta - Baja - El Amor de tu Vida 7w7
omg the little feet are killing meeeee !
You look beautiful ! Wish I looked that good in a bikini ! :)
Retweet if you think we need a new - even MORE FABULOUS CHER DOLL !
My hubby says he can take that thing out in a heartbeat with our trusty GISHWHES potato cannon . All you gotta do is ask !
This reads like something from . I truly hope it's not meant to be taken seriously .
HELP ME PLEASE . A MAN NEEDS HIS NUGGS
FYI , my site is arthandy.com
Fox News , circa 2008 : "" No President has the power to increase or to lower gas prices . "" energy
What is ALEC and why should you care ? ALEC has the long view for their corporate underwriters
Why does everyone go to Nazis ? Everything can't be Naziism : Grover Norquist Compares Schumer Legislation to Nazi Policy :
30 % favorability for Carcieri surprised me a bit
US to reach 439 million by 2050 , of which 54 % will be made up of , you know ... them . You know who I mean . via
Great idea for next season of instead of firing people , I'll have them dragged out of the boardroom by
important PR pro-tip : the more you use "" important "" to describe your event in release , the less convinced I am of its importance
Here is the NYT story - it is even stronger for de Blasio than the 50 points .
Peyton Manning Astonishes By Destroying Legacy In Under 3 Full Quarters SuperBowl
When we walk out of the ChamberTues I want our message to be , "" We heard you and voted for change , reform & amp ; no more polit
Yeah , this is great . Because it hasn't rained in , like , 20 minutes .
Thinking about EconomicDevelopment & amp ; recognizing climate as opportunity & amp ; challenge for RI economy
Really Texas ? : Proposed New Textbooks Offer False Information , ClimateChange Denialism factsmatter
AllWork & amp ; NoPlay doesn't work for Alex
Great job AuburnLibrary . Making it easier to bike to the library
The FBI faked an entire field of forensic science . By via
TV stations are supposed to collect info about the orgs that buy political ads on their air . But many arent .
Trump treasury pick's bank foreclosed on senior who owed 27 cents - NY Daily News
you know what's actually pretty disrespectful to the american flag ? the confederate flag
is 82 on iTunes ' Top Pop ! TheVoice
I DONT CARE IF YOU SUPPORT THIS OR NOT . GET OVER YOURSELF AND TWEET VoiceSaveMia
SCIENTIST : dont be stressed ! some rocks becom diamonds under extreme pressure ME : wat about the other rocks SCIENTIST : oh th
Imagine being the kid that got cut from the team on Air Bud because they had to make a roster spot for a golden retriever .
i want to know where ken bone went to high school
the press has to have a relationship with sources , it's how they get them to be sources ?
Just remember that originally whoever lost the presidential race became Vice President so things could be actually literally worse
You already broke your promise , You stacked your transition team with Wall Street elites , insiders & amp ; lobby
Imagine if obamas press conference tmrw is just a roast : Donald , ya headass , ya stupid , ya family look like porn parody hou
why am i laughing so hard at this
They told us to wait and give him a chance . We did . No more chances . We should not be obeying these orders ; they are
. * . * . * * * . * *
I want a bouncy house at my funeral . And I want to be in it , too . When all my friends jump , my lifeless body will bounc
i fucking hate people like that
You can really only succeed at being you be yourself and the rest will follow
ivanka trump is the rachel dolezal of feminism and should be treated as such .
twitter is like screaming into a great void but a couple of nice friends are sitting on the edge of the void with you , sw
Bacteria : what you here for White blood cell :
[ shoving Millennials into the Centipede Pits ] Millennials want weapons and ladders instead of a warrior's death in the Ce
"" it's been a long ass fucking week "" - me , on tuesday
The Telegraph have officially run out of things to attack millennials for
They didn't even feel the need to wear hoods . They're all confident they'll have jobs on Monday .
I love how this dog looks at this egg , like he's learned absolutely nothing .
140 136 left wait now it's 113 crap how does this work ! 84 ? I'm running out of letters . 51 . This is like the walls in Star W
If you've ever driven under the influence you've committed a far more serious & amp ; dangerous criminal infraction than unautho
omg , such an honor ! i'd like to thank madeline , tim , my therapist , dad , video games , and all the animals in the world
imagine an entire concert audience shooting blindly at the mandalay bay hotel
or to take down paranoid , steroid-using , NAKED coke addicts running through the streets , as is happening now
Professor : good morning everyone That One Mom in the front row : GOODMORNING PROFESSOR
Me : "" Hey Steve "" Stephen Hawking : sounds > [ I notice that I'm leaning on his keypad and have changed his voice settings t
my food was so perfect tonight , you made my night
Sign this petition and so we can get JusticeforJessica
When they catch the killer I hope in addition their charged with burning down the woods smh JusticeforJessica
Lets make it an epic day . Lets get Justice for Jessica . Let her family have peace . Let her friends know were here to fight JusticeForJessica
Please for girl burned alive JusticeforJessica JessicaChambers
Do it Now ! JessicaChambers JusticeforJessica
those that know and don't speak up are just as guilty as the ones that did it
This was a Family's baby girl ! Please Help bring JusticeforJessica We need her voice to be heard !
JusticeforJessica Silence speaks volumes ....... speak up and give the family the gift of knowledge , the gift of justice ..
Please to remember JessicaChambers . Burned alive . Her murder must not B 4 gotten . JusticeforJessica ht
Im asking you to please help find JESSICA CHAMBERS killer . JusticeForJessica Jessic
Think their waiting for perp to burn someone else to a crisp and maybe they wont muck up the evidence .
Please JusticeforJessica US teen burned alive . She must not B4gotten . End the violenceagainstwomen TY h
Who can fix it ? People are being asked to sign Some are missing too
JusticeForJessica petition is working . Please read sign and share .
wonder what Would think of the open door policy in Panola Co JusticeforJessica
4 mts since JessicaChambers burned alive in town of 500 . Why no arrest ? What is being done ? Ask Qs . Fin
Sherriff Darby & amp ; DA CHAMPION IMO R CORRUPT . IF LOCALS WON'T STAND UP THERE WILL BE NO JUSTICEFORJESSICA THEY NEED TO
JusticeforJessica JessicaChambers U scumbag killers will find no relief from the persecution of the Holy Angels .
Greedy big business only interested in collecting your premium . justiceforjessica
Look to the facts . Jessica was murdered and the investigation was botched . Yet they remain on the job ? justiceforjessica
It's ashame when LLE is in collusion with criminals , and Gov . stands behind them . "" Good ole boys "" JusticeforJessica
If you missed it , here is the most popular link among people I follow by
Rubberband challenge check out this hilarious video ! ! !
Second EURef petition investigated for fraud . via
Donate a tweet a day to Click the link and become a supporter
Is this what Russia calls a safe passage ? Shooting on innocent men , women , and children ... TrappedinAleppo Aleppo
Go big , or go home . You can either stand for what you believe or fall for what ... by starknightz via
It's almost like there are consequences to constantly calling established ... by perlmutations via
My heart goes out to the people of Norway . One of the few peaceful spots on earth has been disrupted . It will never quite be the same .
Current evac southern boundary is Zolezzi Lane to Arrowcreek Parkway caughlinfire
Early eulogy 4 Perry notes most GOP govs sidelined ( did not endorse him ) as did "" before he flatlined . "" ht ...
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death - Harold Wilson
Emily : You're crude and unprofessional . Lorelai : Well , I'd like that on my tombstone . GilmoreGirls ( Yes I'm watching a ...
School test results plunge in NT despite big money where are social determinants t ...
Magnum , ice cream for pleasure seekers , now available in the U . S . & amp ; promises to list gluten ( wheat , barley , rye , malt ) clearly in labels .
AreYouBetterOff Yes , I am , and so is GM thanks to my awesome President ... but Osama Bin Laden's not
Clean Up for Peace , an event all over Pakistan Sunday morning . A rather better way to express love for the Prophet ...
After 80 years in print , Newsweek will go all-digital . The last print edition in the U . S . will be our Dec . 31 issue ...
10/30 Sandy safety tip : Don't walk or wade through flood water . It can contain harmful chemicals , toxins , and even raw sewage .
In light of the recent information about high levels of arsenic in rice , does it bother anyone that all the good ... ht ...
This ain't my stylo but I got moisture in my eyes from you ... My fans my friends the things you say mean more than you can ima
Hello all ! We have taken over the group and will continue to run this account , advocating scientific and environmental
We say you're out !
NOPE . BS . this . Republican lawmakers introduce bills to curb protesting in at least 18 states
The time & amp ; effort put into writing this new travelban was almost nothing . POTUS told his staff "" change a couple words
Help us make history at this year's RAGECon ( June 23-25 at the Sands in downtown Reno ) so future archaeologists ...
OOH ! OOH ! Can we force a vote on making Mexico pay for The Wall tomorrow so Trump can keep winning ?
But what are you doing to get us back our democracy ? You seem to be silent on that issue . resist
I'm holding a LIVE town hall & amp ; taking all your questions - tweet me your questions & amp ; tune-in :
House Democrats demand Jared Kushner's security clearance be revoked
TheResistance Indivisible MoveOn ReadyToResist Mass Movement Call Every Sunday 8P M ET ( 7CT / 6MT / 5PT ) RSVP :
I'm sure this is great comfort to everyone who was full-on puking in grief and panic the night of the election .
If Bill Clinton got an independent investigation over a blowjob , Donald Trump deserves one for screwing the entire cou
. @FoxNews reporting on the air now that they can't get a Republican member on the air right now to defend Trump
Pure gold . Macron walks towards Trump then swerves to greet Merkel . Handshakes others before finally greeting Trump
Except you . You worship the almighty dollar and yourself . That's all you care about , you traitor .
Ryan-Priebus ally tells me Trump is moving toward "" an independent WH "" untethered from the Republican Party
Republicans want smaller and less intrusive government except when it comes to your body , partner or religion NashvilleSt
The perfect backdrop for you two . Much better having you there instead of at the White House !
My weekend > > > > >
"" I hate it when I'm on the treadmill and accidentally hit the stop button and go to chipotle and eat a burrito . "" - Stan
OMAHA - Pre-Sale Tomorrow ! Wed , 3PM . Back to the roots on 8/ 4 at Sokol Hall . All info
It's important to tell the people you love how much you love them while they can hear you GreysAnatomy
the pictures . I used to love this show !
This will literally never get old
when you hear the sound of thunder don't you be to scared just grab your thunder buddy and say these magic words FUCK you thunder you can s
Valentine's Day is coming up ...
I love OUAT for The Charmings Once 100 GinnyGoodwin
allpowercore 2 days ago , I finished almost all of my laundry ! 1 basket too go ... I took a break
They could've came up with a better idea to get new cast members though ... really all from are you the one ? TheChallengeRivals 3
Jace fake picking his nose and eating it , lol teenmom 2
Addie's hair is getting so long I've taken up hair as my new hobby my arms and fingers get
How cute is he crowley
When autocorrect changes "" omw "" to "" On my way ! ""
I was dancing in the kitchen and Addie's like you have to do stuff .... ( I'm usually cleaning or whatever ) I don't want too ... You have too
Update ... hurts to use my right hand for lifting anything . Even my coffee
Stromboli I made ! Pork sausage with seasonings , onions and green peppers , pepperoni , and lots of mozzarella cheese !
Making chili for dinner I love crockpots !
Just gonna leave this here
May is EhlersDanlosAwareness month . RT to spread awareness & amp ; share some love ! I am an EDSWarrior . I am ZebraStrong .
Does this mean Mickey is coming back ? ! Shameless
Okay I know I'm behind but OMG don't play with me are April and Jackson back together then ? ! Japril GreysAnatomy
Update : Gnarly rib pain , crazy dental issues no clue what , and tailbone sometimes feels like its broken . Still want chicken fried rice
Has anyone seen my toes because I cant ... 37 + 4 ! Cant believe little man could come any time
I wish we could hang out .
I WANT ALL THE CHROMALINE COLORS mac
Up until now I had swore to myself that I'm content with loneliness , cause none of it was ever worth the risk .
uh hi yes I'd like a baby deer please .
We have a butt load of fire ball and and cakes of all kind . Anyone wanna party lol jk nope .
Also , yesterday was boring as fuck and made my 5 hour shift feel like a 20 hour shift . So let's not do that today fate
When you try to prove to your boyfriend you can cook something that isn't from a box but end up making tuna helper
This is a fucking sidewalk you fucks
I really want to get out of the house but there's nothing to do here .
Mom I'm never asking you to take me to the mall again omg
The most depressing part of the day is watching as the sky gradually gets darker and knowing that you've done absolutely
You've got to reach a little more .
Yeah my phone can handle being dropped again
I'm so nervous about tomorrow I'm starting to feel it in my tummy
I am so exhausted . I can't do this shit anabymore
I can't be for you all of the things you want me to , but I will love you constantly .
I hope that my register is by a door and a mother fucker tells me I can't wear my cardigan . IT WILL BE WWIII
Just seen a drive through liquor store . Mind blown
You aint trying hard enough . You don't love me hard enough . You don't love me deep enough . We aint reaching peaks enough . queenbey
Promised it all but you lied . You better slow down baby soon . It's all or nothing to you .
I get y'all wanna score but Jesus y'all give up too many chances
You know your boyfriend is older when he buys a blackberry
are you doing any internships this season
IM GOING TO A STRIP CLUB GUYS
My birthday is in like 20 days or something how neat
Pretty sure i have some sort of bug and Ive had it for the last 3 days .
Can we talk about how great it is that AWOL nation is back
trying to convince my mother to take me to Iceland
I am very excited to be wearing the 31 for
20k to whoever finds him , I hope he finds his way home
Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds super cool if you don't know what either of those things are .
T-Mo , what's good ?
College is hard enough . Let us treat you to a match ! Any student coming to their first match can get a FREE with their
Never be afraid to stick up for yourself , if people look at you differently because of that .. then they never mattered to yo
:) ) ) ) ) )
that's a beautiful image . Gn
I'm so tired of losing sleep over people who don't care about me
quick reminder that it's 100 % okay & amp ; normal to have stretch marks , scars , body hair , blemishes , acne , etc . you're beauti
I love plain rice crispies
a short poem : do teachers understand that you take other classes
My brother made a bet w / me to not cut his hair until Jan 1st . If he does , he owes me $ 20.00 .
My hands are still cold
It's getting hot in here so take off all your sweaters
I have one and it's 100 % comfy and warm
But I'm starting to think that I should get something else even if DH was my favorite book . A spell maybe .
Thanks to my brother for getting me a box of chocolates and a pillow with "" "" on it . It's adorable .
crushing gender roles at 8 years old
Don't have a red nose ? That's ok ! For every we'll donate $ 10 toward ending child poverty . RedNose 4Kids
GrowingUpHispanic me : * starts crying * parents : why are you crying ? I haven't hit you ! do u want me to hit you and give
Annnnnnnnnnnd the feeling is gone .
ha h a h aa what sleeping schedule ?
i've noticed that dying things are pretty
i wonder if i could get a tattoo as my graduation present
[ #STATION ] EXO XIUMIN X NCT ( @NCTsmtown ) MARK Young & amp ; Free 2017.07 . 07 6PM ( KST )
someone needs to limit the amount of documentaries i watch in the day
it was quite possibly the cutest thing i've ever heard
the town is complete shit but it's not like i go out anyways lmao
Wow ! I just won this for free , Boy's Size 18 Faded Glory Plaid Shorts listia
I applied to host a JACKY HA-HA Book Club House Party ! HaHaBookClub Sponsored :
What an incredible photo ! That view would / almost / make the cold worthwhile . Cool the Flames , Marc Adamus photography
Intricate Paintings by Maki Ohkojima Spill Off the Canvas and Onto Walls . Gorgeous !
Foxs Garden : A Tender Wordless Story About the Gift of Grace and the Transformative Power of Kindness Illustration
Day 5 . I gave gouache a try , but her face came out a bit distorted . 100daysofportraits
Day 86 . This handsome young man is Ethan's brother , so I stuck with oils so they could match . :)
bobafett was harder than I expected ! Ask those dark grays don't provide a lot of contrast
Tiny painting ! I'm just calling this one "" Petals . "" Oil on panel , 5 "" x7 "" . I really enjoyed t
Happy Saturday ! How about a saturday morning stream ? I'll be starting at 10am Pacific . See you soon !
RETWEET THIS ! FOLLOW ME & amp ; EVERYONE ELSE THAT RETWEETS THIS FOR 50 + FOLLOWERS FAST ! TeamFollowBack Follow 2BeFollowed
Need followers ? is the answer ! Retweet Follow her Hop on TityFolllowTrain VinciCartel
How high waisted were your trousers when you were recording ? / / They were on the floor above .
STOP WANNA GAIN BIG ? FOLLOW HER TityFollowTrain FOLLOW ALL WHO GAIN 150 + !
wow an you haven't even made it into the station yet !
Vs 8 ranked teams this season Kansas ' Thomas Robinson has averaged 19.8 ppg , 12.3 rpg , 55.6 FG % , 76.2 FT % , TRobPOY ...
I think my iPhone is broken . I pressed the home button and I'm still at work ...
Dear god . Do not watch Chiefs-Chargers tomorrow night .
Screw love ... I'd rather fall in chocolate .
grant said Bruce is going to do it . Don't know when and where , but I'd say add it to your rundown !
Shay , I'm a producer for KWCH . Saw your tweet . Would like to talk to you . Could you call Kim in the newsroom ? 838-6130 . Thx .
Landlord robbed while showing rental property : A landlord showing a home for rent ended up getting robbed by t ...
And so it starts ... "" RT ho lee fuk , time to dust off my resume . ""
Ewwww . Greeley man accused of stealing hundreds of pair of womensunderwear
You cant make people happy . You cant make them grateful . You can only run your race and not allow them to steal your joy .
Shout out to for bringing donuts to the editorial meeting !
Truth . Breaking news !
It's too quiet in this newsroom . Probably like the Cal Poly locker room right now ... crickets
At the dentist kicking off what appears is going to be a long HumpDay
looking at new baby pictures ?
Full house ? Or straight ? Let's play a game of ' name the blondie ""
It's official : will headline Super Bowl halftime show , NFL confirms
Switched over to the SOTU . Surely it won't be as ugly as kubball , right ?
Purple donuts at work today , celebrating KSUvTAMU victory . dontjudgeme wildcatcountry yum
I just checked in at Chase with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Western Union with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Redbox with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Calorie Tracker Lite .
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Party Mart with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Gasthaus German Restaurant with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Gasthaus German Restaurant with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in EarnPike .
I just checked in at Rally's Drive-In Restaurants with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at PNC Financial Services with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Calorie Tracker Lite .
I just checked in at Western Union with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Spinellis St Mathews with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in EarnPike .
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Redbox with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at PNC Financial Services with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
AWWWW ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I believe 4 relates to you perfectly ! ! :D
basically . Yah gotta come through ! !
I really hate sittin in the DMV hatetweet
I really hate when girls wear too much makeup Chill
I meant where on my body ...
And it's PayDay so after work straight to the I go ! ! WINNING
A Leo will put the person they love before themselves , seeing someone smile because of them is gratitude enough .
get her ! ! Lwl but nah how yah moms doin though ? ?
oh word you tryna fuck with that ? ?
Smfh what the fuck is goin on on Rt 9 in Hyde Park now ? ?
Good Morning Tweeps ! ! Back to work it is ! ! GRIND AnotherDayAnotherDollar EverydayTweet
I like that it's now light outside when I'm gettin up and drivin to work
yeah I think I might make that trip ...
Happy Turkey Day motherfuckers ! ! Eat up ! !
NICE newmusic Listen & RT , smooth Dope shit . "" WHITE CUPS ""
Work work work $ $ $ TopOfTheMorning ....
Damn that weekend went too quick ! ! EveryMondayTweet
Finally gettin my speakers fixed after work . TunesOnBlast
Diggy Simmons and J cole . has rap beef ..... WHO CARES
Damn I wish I had some instrumentals with me right now ! ! This would be a real good time to write ...
I think they bout to have a parade or some shit in Hyde Park . Wild old heads is posted up with chairs along 9G ...
not sure yet . But definitely between now and the next day or so ...
word . You should've came out there . They only had 6 too ...
is in the Bricks right now just chillin . Real hood shit ...
She said shout out to all you LAAAMMEESS ! !
Lwl she be knocked but still sippin smh ...
I'm mad this Jamaican white boy
Appreciate the love bro ! ! that SO TRU video is Fireee ! ES
* * * New Video * * * Watch and leave feedback . Also catch us tomorrow at 2 Chainz concert ! !
FYI Glock 19 , Berretta 92 , Benelli shotgun , pump 20 gauge shotgun , etc . Most women here in Texas have at least one gun .
ShakeItOffJalene : Dancing with is young cancer patient's final wish via
Nvidia brings G-Sync to notebooks via
Michael Moore Nails Every Racist , War-Mongering , Pseudo-Christian , RW Gun Extremist - In One Tweet via
help tell and other climatedenier candidates there are 1600 reasons to ActOnClimate
Let's bring Stormy home ! ! The City of Salina , KS Seized My Beloved Pit Bull ! Help Me to Free Stormy !
Astronomers discover the biggest thing in the Universe via
I just signed a petition w 2 help 4 million w / out access to clean water CADrought Join me :
Tell and Congress : Reject highway construction in Red Cliffs Desert Reserve . Respect conservation experts
Tell and his team there's no compromise w / on climatechange & amp ; crudeoil exports
Protect Pollinators - The Animal Rescue Site via
If one can not learn from History , then History will be repeated .
Sign the petition to U . S . Senate : Give SCOTUS nominee Garland a timely fair hearing & amp ; stop obstruction . DoYourJob
Deadline June 20 : Tell to hold coal companies accountable for toxic mine cleanup : via p2
Raised by a Fascist - the Koch kids morph into Ayn Rand Storm troopers , to secure Koch King
This is an actual Trump sentence . ? ? ? ? ? https://t.co / AwCz 03VaQn
The American Bar Association gave Judge Garland its highest possible rating . He deserves a hearing and a vote . MerricksMe
Take Action : Sensitive Pacific Ocean Habitat Needs Protection | via
Donald Trump's business failures : a comprehensive guide
Petition | Justice For Guerejo Punish coward that slashed harmless dog with knife !
Don't Let Trump Kill The EPA - The Rainforest Site via
Having lunch with the expert ! Yay ! ! Thank you Andrea and YWM 2014 this has been a fabulous weekend ! !
Are you a creative leader ? leadupchat satchat satchatwc
good feed them kids while they're here .
Now that's how u deal with other countries . Help them , don't do it for them .
Hukabee sucks . Big Pimping !
What did the oath she took say ?
WakeUpAmerica STILL 366 more days to endure the crap he spews . Every . Single . Day . tcot DeathByDemocrat
Mr President u need to own a basketball team .
Hillary ! Hillary ! Hillary ! She clean his clock !
New Details Show Hillary Clinton Was Right . James Comey Got Trump Elected President
Dirt has been hit once inside range cart during HR Derby .
Michael Kay compared schools circling Penn State for players to trying to pick up a widow at her husbands funeral .
I say Oktoberfest > Sam summer ale tismyseason
the other 10 of mine is four letter words .
Messiah WXC picking up leaves to throw in a team picture . wtf
hahaha I know right ! you were 1st and I flew by 1 of ur teammates for 2nd then went left at a traffic light ? ? ? Uhhhh
I know someone who will be very happy about this Fehr news * cough
If you've watched team play the last 2 months you know they deserved this big time ! WEARE ONETEAM
sorry bro had to haha
would love to hear them !
hope you got a good luck . I'm sure he'll stay overseas for 5 years like every other European we've drafted lately
Can't wait to see Newman F Kyle up .
just what I needed to see tonight . Your and faces .
Can be ejected from his bleacher seat ?
Hey expect to get any new Nike NCAA replica bball shorts this winter ? Saw few ( Ariz St , LSU , Cal , USC ) but most from last yr . Thx !
did you see him with Fitz and the Tantrums on the jungle tour last year ?
. @joshfox48 That was awful .
I have a weird obsession with you .
Ryan Newman is ahead of Jimmie Johnson in puts ( non chase ) . There is a God and 1st time for everything .
and eat a hot dog ?
like you'd know any answers .
WOOOOOOOOOO MOVIN ' ON ! GOCAPSGO ENJOYBROOKLYN
Jimmie J . Has balls and goes for it , that's why he drives for Hendrick and not Tommy Baldwin .
Just stepped on an escalator going the wrong way . Wtf .
. @AlexanderRossi wins 100th Indy 500 in fuel mileage stunner
come back man , you left too early !
Yeah and maybe don't start the race so late . They start the 500 at what 11 ? Noon ?
cant wait to go to your concert on sept 5 ! ! !
I think u should make another song with miley
Check this video out - - Lady Gaga - Psycho New Song 2010 via
I wish would message me back . I don't know what his problem is
check this out if u like
check out How Listia Works - Give & amp ; Get Free Stuff ! : via
good night twitter ! ! !
Uploaded videos ( playlist ): via
We all have a WHY to start something great . What's yours ? WhatsYourWhy AvonRep
I think I spend more time examining the cool wood cuts in my Julius Caesar book than I do actually reading the play .
Wait , now that I look at the things people are tweeting about it , I don't think any of them are really from Cincy . It's not that ghetto .
Little Steven , have you always had insanely sharp teeth ?
I could seriously watch this movie over and over again and it still would never get old . You are rebellious and ungrateful of my love .
Showing my mom pictures of Ryan Gosling and Joseph Gordon-Levitt , explaining to her why they're hot .
Eric Matthews is most attractive right before he gets fat , but after he starts filling out and is no longer a scrawny 17 - year-old .
I hate the new Common App prompts . Like seriously please give me last year's .
I think that someone should write a book entitled "" College Essays : the art of bullshitting in 650 words or less . ""
Dear colleges still emailing me : I have finished my applications . You missed your change . P . S . You may keep sending me stickers , though .
I learned how to make my own sushi , which in retrospect was a very bad idea , because now it's turning into the only thing I eat .
Alright , these next few weeks are your final chance to woo me .
Oh my god the Nokia video phone in "" Just So You Know . ""
Cleaning out your drawers can be so eye opening .
Baseball . Cincinnati style .
Having to readjust to real life after Startup Weekend is damn near impossible . swcincy
But seriously I just got the tools to fix watches and take out band links and it's really fun , so someone please let me shorten your watch .
I spent my Friday night redesigning my resume , and now I really want to go interview for some more jobs because it looks so fly rn .
Bought pants with my roommates , and they just came in today . Seriously the comfiest things to ever graze my butt !
Where can I find a pair of those sweet boots Peter O'Toole wears in "" Lawrence of Arabia , "" please ?
My aesthetic is a combination of equal parts hipster designer , ' 90s punk feminist , and outdoorsy millennial Christian .
When there is good German mustard in the house , everything I eat just becomes a transport vehicle for it until there is no more left .
But the real MVP of November / December will still always be potato soup season .
If anyone ever tries to convince you that income has no bearing on education , show them this .
I slept straight through all of these storm and tornado warnings and STILL managed to hit the snooze 12 times in the morning .
Today I ate two lunches : the first was Skyline and the second was Gomez . I love my city .
The Stranger Things soundtrack is playing on our office speakers right now ? ?
Me : "" I'm trying to eat fewer carbs ! "" Also me : * eat tons of bread * * eats tons of bagels * * drinks a lot of beer *
Being a marketing major is fine until you have to do 12 credits worth of Sona research studies .
We have only two words to say to you today : thank you .
I regularly thank God that my two favorite sports overlap enough that I never need to go without dudes running into other dudes .
Also let's discuss this absolutely horrendous font choice .
Donald Trump Defends Retweet Of Fake Crime Statistics
U think I'm insane ? ? ? I have only begun ! ! !
ooo ooo ooo hhh yea agreed
Why is Sway talking like Cotto Canelo is confirmed ? BET boxing WardSmith
If I am elected President the first thing I do in office is get the code for the wifiiiii
i miss trl so much
amazing ! ! Congrats Helen !
did you miss your flight this morning ? Heard you getting paged ! Jamaica
Bitches be crazy . I say it all the time Dateline
agree w / you . His style is fan friendly , so he does not have to worry about it . As a fan of his fighting , his personality is 0
Hahaa ! You should enter the sweepstakes they're doing
What kind of gift basket says "" We're so sorry our patio contractor is an ahole "" - - your neighbors
. @Clearfield_Fair I'm on my way
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck Yooooooooooooooooooooooooooouu . stoptweeting bitter
. @realDonaldTrump Can you read this tweet ? Don't worry-here is a video instead .
Mahalo , Hawaii ! NoBanNoWallNoRaids
Oh let's just change the rules . Who cares . You're the fucking worst . Everyone hates you . worstratingsever
It's official . I have filed the paperwork and I am taking on Paul Ryan . How badly do you want him gone ? WI01
That's not the summer White House .
Youre having such a meltdown !
we can still VMA fun though !
it's not ! Ps . I'm enjoying this concert DVD a little too much nsynccomeback
hahahaha you have a serious pretzel problem .... notsurprised
No Doubt Returns 11 Years Later ...
short skirt / long jacket morningmusic cake
I reccomend you add lots of Metallica to the playlist for your pity party . fistpump
Things were sooooo different when our lives were in black and white !
Sums it up real nice : SCHOOL Six Crappy Hours Of Our Lives
I may possibly be the most unphotogenic person ever but ily too SO NOT TRUE That would be me ! ! !
Sunburnt as heck right now & amp ; people keep pointing it out to me . "" Wow , I would've never realized without your input . Thank you so much . ""
I had the coolest dream last night about scuba diving with a great white shark . It was honestly so surreal .
You don't have to be a professional to play music . Close your eyes , take a deep breath .. And let it out . Let the violin
Keep your friends close & amp ; your friends who's lives are an absolute mess a tiny bit closer so you'll always feel like a success by comparison
Well my guitar is on it's fourth comeback , and I think I need to retire it . For real this time . How much you wanna bet it'll have a fifth ?
I am so scared of that gross goat head on the wall right now I lied I definitely would not be in Gryffindor
hey could you please hold this for a second * hands you my life problems and runs away *
GO TO THE SOCCER GAME WITH ME !
WATERR THOOOOSE ! ! ! ! ! !
PLL is so confusing rn
WHEN YOU SEE SOMEONE FROM SCHOOL IN PUBLIC
Spooky Black > > >
Online shopping makes me happy
When you see the first question on the aplang exam .
America should feel really fortunate that black people only want equality and not revenge
Would you date me ?
AVAN JOGIA WALKING FOR DOLCE & amp ; GABBANA ? I LOVE 2017 ALREADY
H o t C h e e t o s
Shipleys is and will forever be greater than Krispy Cream . me please .
NO . THEY . DIDN'T .
He ran to stop them , getting between them and their "" prey "" * Run ! * He told Alice with a serious *
* He grinned at the dare , tracing a finger down her neck to her care chest *
* Her love smiles and held her close *
Yeah ... * smiles *
* He kisses her lips and neck * Miss me ?
With Me starring as the lead harlet , detective's daughter with so much to prove , but a sneaky jewel thief steals her heart .
I'd totally buy chicken from you .
I'm playing Assassins Creed for the first time and it really makes me want to get in shape so I can do parkour and fall on my ass .
They better get a trade feature in soon because I'm gonna be bugging you for Pokemon a lot .
It's a wonderful day at the Harry Potter festival !
After 4 weeks in Hamilton , I can say unequivocally , the saddest part is that Phillip never gets to strip down to his sock
Eating raw cookie dough is the best option for college students 1 . No cooking time 2 . Tastes better than regular cookies
I'm glad I'm not the only one who notices . I literally see this dud
And without their 1 defenseman .
Like they can't control themselves when they have an unbelievable opportunity rake in millions of dollars ?
Because they were focusing on him which allowed the HBK line to feast .
Pardon my language but this is the worst fucking take in the history of ever .
With that said , I can't help but feel sorry for Fleury . He's carried us to this point and should be the one starting but with a short leash .
My body is ready . I am pumped . I am ready to shit on Carrie Underwood's husband .
well yeah ... cats > dogs
Just sing the national anthem like a normal person and not like a moron every country star .
I find one of the scariest aspects of my life from January 2016 until now ( basically when I started working ) is how many people are divorced
MINNESOTA WILD RETIRED THE 1 FOR THEIR FANS WHO THEY SAY ARE 1 LMAOOOOOOOO
I would just like to know WHO IS TACKLING THIS MAN THIS YEAR ? !
One . For the number of Stanley Cups they've wo - ... oh .
Is a hot dog a sandwich ?
I'm never going to die .
I got an AARP membership form in the mail . I'm 25 years old . Why ?
Okay I laughed out loud at "" Rocket Man . ""
It's ridiculous when people keep asking it week after week after week for two years now .
HOW DO YOU DO THIS ? !
Folks I am HERE for this
Second down and goal from the 3 and they could've gone for the kill shot . Settled for a FG instead .
How is PSU hockey still ranked ?
Seems like it's been a bad day for ya according to your twitter dot com tweets
It's November 25th . You're about a month early , cuzzo
Think OSU is one of the 4 best teams . Also think no other program would get the benefit of the doubt theyve created .
You ... taking a pic of the snow and Insta-ing the pic . ... pissed off about driving
It aint my style , but I dont care , Id do anything with you anywhere . LeeBrice
I still sing my ABC's to see which letter comes next .
white girls gotta evolve into something black girls have been for years
If you sleep on me now that's your mistake .
This a whole other level of lit
humphrey bogart ? haha . you are so clever
been asleep since now . which is five in the afternoon . what shall i do now ? i guess go back to bed
A - rod's first game back goes 1-2 , good start Yankees NewYork baseball MLB
She's so excited to take a picture for once , congrats on the senior night win tonight , I love you
Kept myself busy today , potentially made a new friend , starting to think more and more logically and clearly , all positive things
Congrats to OFA Football on the Dub Bring it back to Section X boys
Hope for the best but expect the worst
The NBA meme economy is BOOMING right now
My parents are about to renew their vows after 20 years of marriage goals
My mom thinks somebody or something can smell pretty
When your boss gives you inspirational advice >
are you google because you've got everything i'm searching for
Professor : okay pay attention , this is where its going to start to get confusing First of all , Im already lost
I would rather have a lot of shoes than just the shoe boxes but thats just me
Me when I see a bug In my house and it has wings
Lord , I just want you to know when you punish these people for playing with you for a social media site I had no part in
"" Why tf yo belly so bi - what just moved ? ! That's not what I thin - SO I WASNT ENOUGH JESS ? ! WTF ""
meh \ _ ( ) _ /
MOOD ALL WEEKEND THATS THE ONE
Little Things x It's You
HEALTHY FOOD SHOULD NOT BE MORE EXPENSIVE THAN JUNK FOOD
this will go down as the worst conversation in american history
I played my own scenario thread and I died because I forgot what to click
Tell the banana to drop its skin care routine
Chick-fil-a employees be calling me sir like I didn't go to high school with them , like fr are you good b ? Blink twice
Shoot my dog and I guess we're all dying that day .
y'all cute and all but how did his mole in his arm transfer to you ? lmao
Hearing Lil Wayne flick his lighter on a track in 2008
We can't tell Kanye anything , he's so far in a Sunken Place rn
Some of us are ugly victoria .
me everytime i walk in my mama room .
A Chick fila employee would have found some salsa
1.Co ngrats ! Beautiful Couple ! 2 . If your son isn't named Static you'll let the entire world down . Js .
Mechanic : So , what's wrong with your car ? Me :
all because I said no to bingo night
If gas was $ 1.93 by me I bet Id see a rainbow shine over it too .
My grama tried to video the half time show off her phone and ...
Dont worry I got you
"" tell me about yourself ! "" me : ight so what u wanna know
i am honestly discouraged at this point .. by december 13th 10,000 needed to be raised , we have raised 200 dollars . i give
so thick that everybody else in the room is uncomfortable
i hope you know who is picking up too
i love fall out boy
damn killed it , props to mandy for singing amazing even tho she was sick
U SHOULDN'T NEED ANYONE 2 B HAPPY
the statement "" meredith is a mess "" both applies to the office and greys anatomy
Does our president have to give his Twitter handle to when his term ends ? politics
NO ONE EVER TOLD ME NICK KROLL AND BILL BURR GUESTED ON NEW GIRL
Just in case you forgot that is a video game ...
SPLASH ( x 1,000 ) on & amp ;
we're bout to start a north vs south war
Bron Bron is a SNITCH
17 years sounds good to me
announcement : officially cancelling my love of shaq since he endorsed donald trump
I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO SALTY IN MY WHOLE ENTIRE LIFE
MVP doing MVP things .
David West called the election disappointing : "" A lot of the things ( Trump ) was saying publicly , a majority of this coun
julia : a REAL devil's lettuce advocate
Real friends , how many of us ?
Draymond makes Bertans fall and DISRESPECTFUL bench reaction
you got me there fam
Dear Democrats on Twitter : There is an election in 5 days . I know a lot of Dems in VA & amp ; NJ that would appreciate you rem
Hi im taking a survey : pls retweet if youve cried in a public restroom on your universitys campus .
yep ... playing the wii with my woman
its in my hand !
How am I going to go to the crazy farm without twitter ... I hate earth .
Thought about it .... breakfast delivery freshly cooked , brought to my door , and the aroma of maple syrup on my street is a great invention
One step at a time ... definitely easier said than actually done .
I was asked to tell the truth so I said , "" I want to feel spoiled tonight . "" Ur not allowed to be mad at me for honesty ! brat needy
My mother is officially at the age when every sentence starts with , "" When I die .... ""
The worst things in life are the best reasons for drinking .
I knew I would receive shitty news today ... whatever depressed
do u feel better ?
Bad mood ... bad headache .
I am sick of that gay to straight conversion shit . I do not agree with ministries that believe they can change someones orientation .
lmao ! Gawww legos hurt !
how big is your family ? lol
Just saw a billboard that said , "" Where are YOU going ? Heaven or Hell ? ( in red of course ) 1-800- 855 - Truth onlyinthesouth stopusinmyname
If you're filthy rich and have never called your friends to say "" Quit your jobs . I bought a fucking castle , "" then you'r ...
21 . 30thingsaboutme I'm a musician and no matter how many doors slam in my face , I will always be a musician .
It was 71 degrees today ... I'm confused I thought it was winter
lol ! its true !
A wounded Capricorn words will cut you like a knife .
Weed Girls sit down with Eggs : via
Be the bad today that you see come out of people after dark .. happy Friday fuckers
oh man ! I agree . Looks like a rough season ahead .
Ugh .... I need alcohol
The wife is freaking out . Shit is hitting the fan at work and I can't manage my own stress let alone another person .
Here I go . Turn the page .....
y ? Wat did u do
If you knew how powerful the sujood is , you would never lift your head off of the ground
Drake be like .. Pt . 1 ( My Way Remix ) ( Meek Mill Diss )
My heart goes out to my normandale niggas , i hope this teaches yall dumbasses to get accepted into 4 yr colleges
My dude Sidney Crosbey is a beast
"" Bitch , Do ISIS Know Where I'm From ? ""
when ur walkin upstairs and u miss a step
"" Why did you delete that tweet from 2 minutes ago ? ""
HBD to a real ass nigga many more to come IA
it's not summer unless you fuck up your sleeping schedule
happy birthday hope you have a good day !
I'll make it all better , dolls .
you would never ! ! Hahaha we can share
this time next week it will be my brothers wedding day ... where does time go ?
I love getting out of class early
ITS BREAK YAY YAY YAYYY
Dead week is called dead week because you get no sleep and you are dead
LET ME BORROWWWWWW I wanna read it so bad ! ! ! ! !
He tryna think of a way to tell her she can't stay the night
yik yak is actually so mean . getalife
I'm at the point of the semester where I'm hoping my future husband is doing really good in school right now
The amount I need to know by tomorrow is U N R E A L
it's a great feeling to be back in kentucky noplacelikehome
im holding onto hope im holding onto grace im fully letting go I surrender to your ways
it is actually the only way you will know if it's fall yet so better check your car temp asap
so proud of that stank face kels
Major girl crush on Brit thebachelor
YES throwback to last year
Dead week has definitely gotten the best of me
If I get one more UK alert about a gas leak I'm done
Breaking teenage hearts left and right with this picture .
100 % sounds like your type
The FrenchOpen is no fun with out around this is a sign he can never retire !
Good to know ... I just thought it meant it was time to get out the bathtub
Josh has an operation tomorrow on his ear he's more nervous about this than chemo joshuabeatingcancer
Gerrard : "" Sterling knows he's got the ability but the stage is set for him to go and shine , there's no pressure on him . ""
Ferdinand wanted by Tottenham and QPR after release from Man United via
Imagine laughing at LFC for signing Lambert when your striker is Giroud . PL Goals / Assists : Suarez 43 - Sturridge 28 - G
170721 TV ( ) - EXO ( The Eve - EXO )
[ # X ] ver . _
0.3 0.3 O 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.3 + 500 +1,000 +2,000
, , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
EXO PLANET 4 - The EyXiOn - ' 2017.11 / 24 ( ) 8P M ( KST ) , 11/25 ( ) 6PM ( KST ) / 11/26 ( ) 6PM ( KST ) ( Gocheok Sky Do
"" ! ! ! ! ""
171128 [ ] ' '
171201 MAMA / EXO CHANYEOL
How do you even top beyonces half time performance
"" and all of a sudden I hear a kaplunk ! ""
Mr apfelbaum texted me on my birthday should I return the favor ?
thank you girlfriend I love you to pieces
Throwin it back to the first pic with spectacular
Chocolate is the best thing in this world
wow this is um awkward
Deanna just screamed that she loves little boys , she has hit an all time low
I'll miss you ! ! Have an amazing time & amp ; I can't wait to hear about all your stories ! Love you !
see u pretty things in 8 days ! ! ! ! !
If this doesn't make you smile , I'm not sure what will . OneTreeHill OneTreeHillReunion
Happy birthday ! ! ! ! Miss ya have an awesome day ! !
Floods in fire island yet again
When Alex says gimme 5 min it really means gimme 20
honestly who do u think u are lol
THEY SLAY COACHELLA EVERY YEAR
how long until you learn proper grammar
HApPy bday ! ily :)
my mom always wonders where i get my attitude from .... u homegirl , i get it from u
Baseball is coming . GameofThrones teams with ( via
i say we should old chap .. away to it now ? ?
why are some harries so extra & amp ; problematic jesus
Louis , just hold on lockscreen , Do y'all want it ? Will be dmed to the first 15 RTs only . X - Love .
LOTTIE WORKS WITH ADIDAS AND IM DYING
who tf said I hitted on you ?
NEW | Harry Styles said in an interview that his nose hurt after Louis pushed him in the cake from this pic
My mom would have gotten creative with the ass whoopin
retweet this in 10 seconds and something great will happen to you
we just became mutuals & amp ; i love your ! ! i hope to get to know you more x
i love you even more karyyyyy
Louis when he made that photo copy of his ass that time
harry , sweetie , i'm sorry you have to keep giving away your clothes to make this more ' believable '
Thank you Harry for these beautiful words
Friendly reminder that him and the boys got kicked out of a hotel for refusing to meet trumps daughter
I hate to think about you with somebody else
i had never felt so proud before
Look at his face when he hears the fans singing along , Im crying .
WATCH THIS ON REPEAT YOU WONT REGRET IT
Harry blocked : - A person that called L ugly - the Hamille UA that called L a rapist & amp ; racist Louis blocked : - a acc t
even as young as you are
Trayvon Martin is dead .
WHO DID THIS IM SCREAMING
Bitch Ive been here for 5 years but it took me three minutes to realize who he is . What the fuck .
does anyone have a instagram / snapchat i'll mutual you on both i am in desperate need of friends
graduating school just to go back to school
When you're home alone and you hear a strange noise
Whoa whoa whoa .. Shouldn't you be doing like .. DECA homework for Peru or something ? :p
It's official ! I got accepted into the University of Illinois !
Off to Montana to meet some babies ! roadtrip
WhatADay . Is it the weekend yet ? ?
Salmon , rice , and steamed broccoli . You could say I'm excited for dinner . nomnom
"" @JulieAnnSilver : Rehearsing Ami Aloni's "" Ahavat Olam "" for Rosh Hashana ... "" We sing that one , too . Gorgeous piece . Elul
I just donated 5 mPOINTS in the Mind Blaster app to Toys for Tots GivingTuesday
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in The Weather Channel .
I'm earning mPOINTS in mPLACES .
I'm earning mPOINTS in mPLACES .
I'm earning mPOINTS in mPLACES .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Weather Channel .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
"" @xAustinSmith : Thank you for always having my back "" You're my number 1
I'll kiss you in front of people who want you
Nobody listens to me :-) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
I feel like shit oh my god
A1 , top notch , my girl
everyone else is just kinda eh
"" Okay so there's thirty-one days in September right "" -
I don't have a doorbell
Got woken up at the asscrack of dawn to my parents screaming happy birthday , can't even be mad
Can't live with chains around your hands and feet for the rest of your life
better watch your mouth , better watch your back
You've got a funny way of hangin ' around
All I do is work run sleep repeat
She's so beautiful it kills me
Baby brother's senior prom with his girlfriend
19:28 "" Let me in ""
Painting while Cassidy reads poetry to me over FaceTime , this is my heaven , this is my girl
I watch your tongue dance behind your teeth and I shake
My biological father officially severed ties with me and my brother this month , but somehow my life is so bright and I feel so happy
honestly how do you make a breakfast look so photogenic
Crew member Zak Wilson compares HI-SEAS to MDRS :
Where will you be able to hitch a lift into space ? The worlds spaceports mapped science
5/5 So take your pre-conceived notions and narrow-minded vitriol and bother someone else with them .
Urgently looking for somebody to support astronaut training for 2 months in Cologne , could be ideal summer job for students
Sure ! Thanks for connecting with me .
Nice ! ! Did you get them online , or at a store near you ?
So lots to do . I'll talk later & amp ; give you the links when I'm done so you can check it out if you want . Are you on Facebook ?
. @NASA ' s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter found best evidence yet of liquid water on present Mars
Thanks for this ! Exactly what I needed to read today . Struggling with these same issues of abandonment right now . Best wishes !
Can you ship to Mars ? RT @InkandSword : Curiousity rover gold metallic ink block print . Available at htt
HollyTheSpaceDog is riding on her way to visit the Planetarium at
How many of you guys would like to go to Mars ? - Every hand in the gym at Woodley Hills ES went up . space stem eweek 2016
. @sos_jr I miss these places already ! Love seeing all your tweets & amp ; pics of the great places & amp ; things to do in Cleveland ! !
Article : "" Scientists explain astronauts ' feeling of awe "" | Fox News |
WIA Chair recently gave a speech for Excerpt : What do you think is the
The astros report about the experiences watching down to Earth from orbit !
Sorry , that image looks strange after I posted it ! Try this :
Excellent description of the fatigue that accompanies many illnesses / diseases , including my Mitochondrial Myopathy :
Diablo Lake Starscape - North Cascades National Park , Washington State
MARS 20 : Saving Utopia , hard science fiction now available in ebook and print . Look inside >
Interstellar workshop with students explored challenges in sending spacecraft to distant stars ! Interstell
Curiosity finds Mars rock that may be a meteorite made from iron
Hi I'm Hannah and I study the atmospheres and clouds of alien planets with awesome space telescopes . actuallivingscient
You don't have to be an actuallivingscientist to love science ! I'm a communications specialist w / a passion for the stars
We're studying the benefits & amp ; risks of adding a crew to the 1st integrated flight of & amp ; More :
Checking in from the Control Center at JustJebThings
You may be interested in my article in Space Policy and for Scientific
Chariot of Fire Turn the speakers UP ! !
So in the ! ! spacelawyer speaking about spacelaw work & amp ; my work bu
Our Solar Dynamics Observatory saw Eclipse 2017 , too ! Keep an eye on this page for more satellite views :
One Girls Future in the Skies
I've got the Warriors in 6 . I'm a bandwagon fan , I don't care . They're way too much fun to watch and it's hard not to root fo
An expired jar of "" Mike Ditka's kick-ass salsa "" got me a shock nova shield . Honestly I was expecting corrosive cloud ' nades
I understand the theory , and the science behind it seems sound , but a victim in crisis is very unlikely to remember a website 1/2
That seems really fascinating . Whose talk was that ?
really ? Mention GaymerX and use "" feel like a dick "" in the same tweet ? It's just too easy , sir . Make the dick jokes harder .
it's a bit far to travel , sadly .
That's a fallacy . Intel adverts on gamasutra target devs , who buy more computer equipment than you do .
I disagree with fundamental premise that metascore and sales have a causal relation or even strong correlation chiplay gamesur
I was attempting to share vital information that could change a man's life . STOP RUINING EDUCATION ARIEL
Ay yo did you ever iterate on your russian roulette card game ? If so , totally want to play updated version .
* haters screaming intensifies *
complete strikes . Use marks to buy gear , hit level 32 within week or two .
Hating all Muslims for what happened in Paris is like hating all Christians because of the gay-hating Westboro Baptist Chu
So like next GDC can we have a panel where booth babes & amp ; gogo dancers from corporate parties talk about their experiences
No BS , I wish every white person on Twitter could see this . Maybe it'll help
And while Im throwing the F bomb around this morning , fuck you to anyone calling Colin Kaepernick unpatriotic or disrespect
"" The PC version of this game is locked at 30fps ? Give me a refund ! "" - Someone with a basic bitch easy-ass motherfucking
if you don't gotta do shit
Awesome things that happened in 2016
You know , good production value but I just wasn't feeling it
omg why would anyone leave that's fucking gold right there
Holy fuck this is outstanding
it's not a bad plan !
Hey nerds please take this extremely important sciencey shit and share it as wide as possible Help me science , yo
This is me when I play smash
Holy fuck Nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nope nop
Authors are no more "" flattered "" by people pirating their books than women are flattered at being groped without permiss
shoutout to my australian brother - been killing it on the tour and his album comes out tomorrow when he ...
Blood Singer * Twilight Story : Book 1 of 5 *
I'm now a D-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian : Hollywood . Come join me and become famous too by playing on Android !
did y'all see this pic ? Looks like y'all are doing biceps curls with me ! 3 muskateers
Good morning sunshine ! Bring me some coffee k ?
haha call that whole name out . Tell brother I said hi . Hey ill come work for extra money .
PS : Thanks for replying earlier . I adore you and your music most !
I'm home watching murder shows if that makes you feel better
The sun may hate Angela , but I heart you AND your freckles that match mine the most
I never get favrd . I speak of riding topless and I do . Have I mentioned I love you twisted people ?
for humor right ? Or as a translator ?
Ooo oohhh is a good thing
Inspection done ! Went great . Just a handful of cheap repairs ! All the main stuff is great
The kid calling her a bitch is the best
Just enrolled 14 in her new school . She chose Art and Horticulture for her 2 electives . I'm a proud mom of a mini me !
"" Closer . Shorter . Easier . "" Sign on hospital or advert for disappointing male whore ?
Oh to be as talented as
Tim McGraw's new cologne smells like whiskey , leather , and aromatic woody . I really don't know what he means by that .
Mindy Mcready .. Did I shave my legs for this ? By chance ? ;)
how's the puppy doing ?
we love you ! !
I've told her that a million times ... one day it might sink in ;)
About to shower and head down to watch our Saints with friends ! ! WHO DAT ! ! ! !
redjeep asked : Sweet baby booties with peace signs Kids need a good start on peace and love .
you and my lady should go ride one day .
Off to bed alone : sigh : Prayers for my
ps : tell kaie to add me
indeed . You ladies shoot me messages this weekend . I promise it will mean more than u know
Not just for lesbians . Still can't talk about Arizona losing her leg man that is devastating for lesbians
Scum of the earth . Sandusky ! Stop it ! You're guilty and you shouldn't blame other people for what YOU did ! How gross .
Just did that . Should probably go take one last hot shower . sandy
Another vet appointment .... sigh
It's official . I have a crush on Rachel Maddow .
How friggin cute is this card ? ? ! ! !
there are six in there ...
Must be a blue moon
A new pic for the CJR
no , u did not meet her . She was one of my sista wives . A very dear friend over the last four years .
That's a Totally Office calendar
at first it was annoying . Now I just make a game of counting the ' woos . ' I ran a 5k and she was on my tail . Made me run faster .
Free coffee all day today ! Score !
Play w the toy or power cord tab ? Screw the toy ...
omg ! That hat is bigger than Kase !
The third annual last GD at the Lakehouse . girlsdinner
Just completed a 7.16 mi run - Nice leisurely pace in my new running shoes ! Now resting my feets til ... RunKeeper
Just completed a 3.82 mi run - Better ! RunKeeper
Hot soup . Cold day . Thanks to for the cabbage soup w chicken and pork recipe . foodporn
tbt 1987 be jerseyhair 80shair homecoming
Spicy Grape Salsa foodporn spartanfoodoftheday wholefoodsrecipes
Great power yoga class to wake me up this morning royalfitness yogahouse
The only 26.2 medal I will ever receive ! Only took 8 races to get
Danielle's body sculpt class is no joke ! royalfitness
Great Saturday morning ass kicking with Danni cardiocorchallenge royalfitness
Dejaviu ... bootcamp and wine festival Sunday
Been a while ... Back to bodysculpt royalfitness
That was a double play .....
Investigators using a bomb robot to investigate a package near City Hall in downtown STLouis
Ted's ex gf who turned out to be a lesbian is hotter
Imma beat the holy hell outta one of you
Classic Rams dropping everything ! !
can't wait til you get shot
you think everything is awful tho lol
Almost as bad as your tweets
Just get rid of Peralta FFS
Are you fucking kidding me
It took an amazing play by rizzo to get 2 outs lol
It's baseball season obviously people are gonna talk about it so stop crying
Hurry before someone hits one
Why is he still in
Everyone's talking about which TS1989 song they have stuck in their heads and I'm just over here like how do you only have 1
lol logan and rory trying to be "" uncommitted "" and "" not serious "" and now they're going to be so jealous of each other's date to finn's bday
I donated in support of the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention !
It's not whether you get knocked down , it's whether you get back up .
Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life . Keep the faith . It will all be worth it in the end .
Check out this family friendly DIY perfect for fall ! CokeComesToLife
My site is officially live writerslife
[ VIDEO TRAINING ] Learn how to start freelance writing FAST even if you're a newbie with no experience ! amwriting
TRUE . However . I do not think the cows would react much better to doritoes shoved in their mouths .
I've noticed that with my Chloe . I was told her litter had some ragdoll in it . She has same spots
And the senator's office , who has been to my farm multiple times and we talk on a first name basis , told me she has no idea what it is . Great
leave a "" legacy "" . Also she's got cool spots and doesn't cause trouble .
pheasant pot pie , pheasant fajitas , pheasant fried rise , pheasant wild rice hit dish
Too bad there isn't a few billion dollars laying around to incentivize research & amp ; innovation ... Oh wait , there is . in the Gov't .
Yo I don't drink milk either lol . Upsets my tummy . But I do eat plenty of other dairy .
And if course the best thing you can do is buy directly from farmers ! Or in a pinch , farmer-owned co-ops . knowyourfarmer
It's a girl ! Her name is Cupid
Might even be free if they got to eat with us and stay in one the four ( ! ) spare rooms . They'd have their own bathroom too
Neighbor kid is thinking of names for his cow's baby . My favorites : Grave , Boobs , Table , Car
Shadow had 3 more kittens . They are SO CUTE . and they all have tails
And it was pretty much solely for their hobby , not family enjoyment .
Thank you all for sharing . I am 99 % sure that happened to me yesterday morning . It only lasted for maybe 30 minutes or less . Thank goodness .
Should have been asleep hours ago but this lawsuit thing has my mind going s thousand miles an hour .
And it's all because assholes want to steal consumer money JUST LIKE EVERY OTHER BUSINESS YOU "" HATE ""
Hi guys I'm lonely , what do you want pictures of ? Or questions about the farm ?
Something below 3 % of people start that way according to most studies .
Welp this Facebook update can go fuck itself . Like I need to accidentally swipe my notifications upward every five seconds .
Miss Christmas Lily who I sold in May . Her owner brought her here to compete . She looks comfy
All I've done since he left is work & amp ; watch Netflix . New binge is Haven , never heard of it before this .
Except I am also the only one drinking alcohol too .
I just want to go a day without getting woman-y shit pushed on me . Fuck off .
This cat looks like it's being interviewed by the NYT about Trump's broken promise to bring bodega cat jobs to its town .
If they are well treated by humans they will get curious if you sit still and quiet for a few minutes ,
Thank you ! So excited to leave the house haha
LOL You got cussed out by an arabic troll ...
Too cute . Love cuddling w my man
. You looked great on Jay Leno . I enjoyed your set ... it was funny and cute .
What is Olivia hiding ? She knows something about Quin aka Lindsey . AskScandal
She even lied about finding Nora's dad . Revolution
Cute pic . He is a carbon copy of you .
Dads are very important . They are the foundation of a family . They teach girls how to love and be loved .
How do you celebrate after a big win ? serenafriday
It looks so pretty , but I am so glad it is not snowing here . The weather here will be almost 60 and tomorrow 70 .
Brooke will never change . She is all about team Brooke .
Smh ! All they care about is ratings . BeingMaryJane
Quinn is working Pam for something . BoldAndBeautiful
Yep Brooke thinks so little of her sister that the prospect of Ridge being interested in her is unbelievable BoldandBeautiful
Yes , I agree . They are meant to be together .
Ha ha ha . Liam says he has principles . Where were those principles when he was lusting after Steffy ? BoldandBeautiful
Liam expects Wyatt to control his mom . Can he control his dad ? BoldandBeautiful
Yep . Smh ... Watch , now that Neil's hurt my Hevon won't say anything about their feelings for each other , UGH ! Lol YR
Nick wasn't deprived of Summer . Summer still saw Nick and treated him like her dad . YR
Wow . That's a shame .
At this pace , Rick will discover the truth when he is down on one knee proposing . Smh ! BoldandBeautiful
Rick is a grown man and he is still talking about how Ridge stole his mom from his dad & amp ; broke up the family . Really ? BoldandBeautiful
Ridge should tell the truth to Caroline . However , Brooke need to mind her own business . BoldandBeautiful
No ... Liam and Brooke , Caroline and Ridge are featured today . Are Wyatt and Ivy on ?
This is ridiculous . Sage has a supportive husband , but she rejects him to lean on Adam . YR
Abby is getting too big headed . #SCANDAL
Eric needs someone to instruct him . He is so weak . BoldandBeautiful
I took the StepItUpUSA challenge , and walked a total of 338,943 steps !
It seems Quinn us falling for Ridge's trap . BoldandBeautiful
I've reached level 4 in Paradise Island 2 ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
Is Bill O'Reilly's tenure at Fox coming to end ? via
Huawei Mate 9 International Giveaway giveaway
$ Bill is so greedy . BoldandBeautiful
You should have gone to Monday Night Raw if you like The Rock , The Undertaker and what human beings smelled like pre-hygiene .
The Matthews ' boys are trying to throw a rave AND their parents ' anniversary party IN THE SAME PLACE . Hope they pull it off ! BoyMeetsWorld
Say what you want about unions , but they did steal the original spelling of onions .
I've gotten so good at being bored , it's starting to get boring .
Just stopped looking at porn to look up the music video and lyrics to and sing along with "" Bette Davis Eyes . "" RealMen
If Shawn Hunter got such bad grades , then how'd he go from 6th grade to 14th grade in 6 years ? ? ? BoyMeetsWorld
"" Want to help me deflate my air mattress ? "" works 0 out of 3 times on TInder . Just a heads up , guys - don't want you acting a foolish person !
Watched BreakingBad in reverse order . Good story of moral redemption . Sucks about the diagnosis at the end though .
Wishing wells are homeless people's rivals .
A lot of people have their own website . I have my own URL . Visit to see a page error .
My mama told me don't lose you cuz the best luck I had was you
this way I don't have to go to work with people I hate
if it makes you feel better I got fired over the phone
Totally just stole a giraffe magnet at lowes .... Lindsay said I'm going to hell I told her I was going a long time ago
When meeting someone for the first time do not say you look like I want to take you to pound town ... it makes me hate you
Anytime Sir . Tomlinson :)
Id dip into salsa over guacamole any day . Are you team guac or team salsa ? TeamSalsa
Everything about you is fat .
SM4NP Even before the official presentation , demonstrates that being open about mistakes can humanize a nonprofit . :)
As Billy Joel says , "" The sinners are much more fun . ""
5 Ways Philanthropy Can Support the Electoral Process
Conversation between security and marchers appears cordial at Philly WomensMarch
"" I never intended to work in gov't . I was among those who assumed the gov't was inherently corrupt and ineffective . ""
or use ShermanSays and you might win a football signed by
Happy birthday Mr . President ! Hope your day is filled with happiness ! ! ! !
that just ain't right lol !
and shall I continue with the Bible's / God's view on abortion ?
I would like to thank you for being able to have a civilized conversation ! Not many who vote trump have that ability ! :)
Wow talk about living blue in a red state ! ! ! ! This man has massive cojones ! ! ! ! ! !
this tweet is the reason I now HAVE to follow you ! ! ! ! ! !
True democracy should reflect the will of the people ! We have spoken . Even VA chose her ffs ! dec 19
THANK U - 4 ur elegance , grace , poise ; 4 ur never-ending commitment 2 women , kids ; 4 just being U ! PLEASE consider 2020 ! ! LOVE
This is my son to a "" t "" ! ! ! ! Love my 16 yr old momma's boy
Dont hide behind my sons death , slain SEAL's dad told Trump WH in an interview published literally this morning
If you're into Resistance , this thread ( beware , 54 tweets ) on the links between RoyCohn , McCarthy , Trump & amp ; creeping fascism are
Remember the British TrumpRussia dossier ? Slowly , evidence is building that the explosive accusations are true .
A good concise thread with supporting documentation . There's other side deals , but this addresses a main artery of Trump-Ru
No repealing , no nominations , NO VACATIONS ! ! ! ! Drainthewhitehouseswamp nullifytheelection ridusofthemall
Yet , some people act surprised when in fact Trump has a legacy of scams , Lies & amp ; crim . endeavors
Bad : Russia wants to undermine our democratic process . Worse : Trump doesn't seem interested in stopping them .
if you are DONE waiting for Congress and the FBI to do an investigation into TrumpRussia . It's time for an Impea
"" In America we don't worship government , we worship God . "" No . We have a freedom of religion and FROM religion .
I come to the defense of CNN a lot . But your desicion on Reza Aslan is just not understandable . And you should reverse
See this man ? He's He flip flops what ever way will work for HIM . He cares nothing about us , his employers HE MUST
God bless He has always been my hero ! I love him so much !
GOP silence is DEAFENING : Trump hasn't signed sanctions Mueller still fireable Kushner has clearance Sessions is AG No DHS head
On behalf of the sane people in VA-we are not all morons ! Most of us in no WAY , shape or form condone the rally in C'ville . sayno 2racism
I miss having a phenomenal leader .
Doesn't our children's safety mean more than your right to own weapons that can kill on a mass scale ? Fuck you ,
Wikileaks told Trump Jr . to tell his dad to not concede if he lost on Election Day . WTH was Russia planning had Trump Lo
Remember how Trump said he had no Russian business partners ? That was a lie . In this video I dug up , Trump says : "" One of the g
Dear Donald Trump , 1 ) Fetus . 2 ) Vulnerable . 3 ) Transgender . 4 ) Entitlement . 5 ) Evidence-based . 6 ) Science-based 7 ) D
Hey . What's crackin ?
Work 3:30 - Close ... Hit me up
Who has playstation that is actually able to sign online ? ? ?
If he asks you to make him a sandwich , make him a sandwich onlyifhesaysplease
Game tomorrow and we didn't practice once all spring break hopefullywestilldookay weshouldhaveatleasthadone
Knowing someones gonna get hurt but standing by them anyway WhatAreFriendsFor
Get to hang out with my brother for the first time in a long time soexcited lovehim
Somebody anybody snapchat me ? (: chellebell 9
Going shooting today ! Haven't been in so long excited shooting
Only like two of my friends ever Snapchat me back
Can't wait till I can eat again
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by the way he eats jelly beans , President Reagan , January 1981
Guys is this the series that you mentioned as one of your favorite things ?
Well this is neat ... Iconatomy by George Chamoun | Trendland : Fashion Blog & Trend Magazine
Wow , 2013 numbers show that Internet ad revenues have surpassed broadcast TV for the first time ! By
Not a bad backdrop for wine tasting at TasteTheHills SanDiego
Definitely taking FREE vids & amp ; copywriting checklists back to the office . Thanks , Ray ! SMMW 16 exclusive htt
Camp Pendleton to clean the barracks
Finally fall in California . Gotta love it
8: 30 and hardly anyone on the road . Work is going to be extremely slow today . isitsundayyet ? cruiseorlose
5 pages is a long paper ? That's a joke right ? communitycollege saddleback
No matter what you're chasing , in the morning it'll always be a "" Leah "" not a "" Rachel "" . Never what you're expecting . FollowMe
"" Lord , YOU establish peace for us : All that we have accomplished You have done for us "" Isaiah 26:12 quiettime
Joy is where you are . If you go searching for joy , you're never going to find it .
The Holy Spirit helps us to learn and apply Gods truth to life TransformedLife
God never does a miracle to show off
Mate Please my artwork , for Liverpool supporters around the world ! YNWA
HT : LC 1 - MU 1 45 minutes to clinch the title . Come on Leicester beat the Scum ! MUvLEI BPLonNBC
Harry Kane's EURO 2016 by numbers : 2 games 135 mins played 5 corners taken 0 shots on target Exhausted .
must be what losing 4 finals does to a man
Good times for LFC 4-3 win over Arsenal . Stay tuned for live match reactions from supporters to be
Cafe Footballers - hope you enjoyed Soccernomics , THIS hero's book will be next one we do , really excited about it
disagree mate . Clyne one of the best RB's in the league , creates chances and most reliable . Hard to replace
Do people still want to complain about FSG ?
Live pictures of Arsenal Fan TV tonight ...
Bobby Firmino . One of my favorite signings it seems in a long while
Looking brilliant mate ! Counting down the days
As an individual player agree . Hes class but not worth 2nd most expensive signing . But to what hes wo
LOVE it ! ! How adorable ! RT : Easter nail art :) IHeartMyNailArt
freak storm be messing with in NY .... frozen ... waaah
Beyonce's voice sounded really pretty that's about all I've got ... not digging the track or chair antics nobueno
Tell to unlock EXCLUSIVE Firefly clips ! info here > > FireflyNov 11
your book "" You're Not Doing it Right "" is amazing and anyone who is married should buy it and read it ( in that order ) .
Ditto ! : Good night , Umbreen . Hope to see you on TT again soon :)
theLBD We're at Collins and Collins and Darcybot just had a meltdown . Come and join us ! LBDMarathon
You will not defeat me work ! I will finish on time to drink tonight !
It's completely ' s fault that I am leaving the house to go buy cupcakes .
Accessorizing is worth a million points :)
it's annoying but as videos go its not a stretch to see it as inworld
NationalDrinkWineDay should be celebrated every Tuesday with CougarTownTBS . Change approved !
I have so much work to do today I feel like I deserve a cupcake but I think I will be too busy to go get that cupcake .. life is not fair
Getting it in under the wire .. Happy Birthday
He don't scare me :P
This is amazing and I want it
Hillary : "" Let me respond to that because it's horrifying . "" She's talking about "" rigged "" elections , but could be abou
Putin says Trump is popular with the ladies . Makes sense . Why else would 200,000 of them be visiting Washington this wee
Saying that a protest is phony bc "" activists "" show up is like saying that football-stadium attendance is phony because it's
Spicer on phone to WaPo : "" I was not IN the bushes ! I was AMONG the bushes ! "" Editor : Social media manager :
CNN statement responding to the president : "" We will keep doing our jobs . He should start doing his . ""
The arugula didn't make it .
If their brown shout them down if their white wait to get it right
Danger . This means the Senate bill is similar to the bill that already passed the Houseand thus far easier for House to swa
P . Manning was described as "" the most popular kid in class right now "" . Nothing like a near-death injury to make people like you . Broncos
I just reached Level 2 of the "" Fresh Brew "" badge on Ive checked in at 5 different coffee shops !
Thank goodness I have today off , because I have the ultimate case of the Mondays . grossweather
Just got in bed after a long work day . Only free food and summer heights high quotes kept me going . sorryben
or for Mulder and Scully jumpingtheshark
Home before 4 p . m . What do people do during daylight hours ? ! editorialproblems
BREAKING : With the new college football season underway , all non SEC schools have been automatically eliminated from
Digging the new site ! Though I do have to say , I am glad I wasn't there for the pre-launch days . blessyourhearts
No way ! If anything , it's Michael Buble !
One dog is snoring and the other is having a violent dream . I won't be able to sleep tonight
Stone Cole Steve Austin on ESPN GameDay : "" That's the toughest guy in the world named Gurley . I like Todd Gurley and the
Ron Rivera : NFC South champ shouldn't be ashamed to make playoffs
Patriots ' Vince Wilfork fined $ 8,268 for late hit against Colts
Adam Silver could be an alien . And I'm not sure if he would be a nice one . NBAAllStarNYC
Testimony has concluded in Aaron Hernandez trial . Now we await closing argruments and the verdict :
SkunkWatch RT : Visiting dugout at Dodger Stadium invaded by family of skunks via
What a psychopath and a coward .
I am in such a glass case of emotion right now
NOOOO PLEASE NO . I will be dealing with my loud people when I go home next week .
Check out why I think Alabama won it all , and why says Clemson fell short .
Middle Tennessee busts all the brackets with Michigan State stunner :
John Theus is the GOAT . He was a fantastic player at UGA . I also may be biased because of that
Georgia Southern vacates three wins after NCAA investigation
Clemson scores easty touchdown after SC State player tosses ball in end zone
Dad : Gabby , I need a crash course in how to be hip again . I used to be so hip . Who is Andy Grammer ? ThanksgivingwiththeMcMillens
RiseUp ! ! ! !
My thoughts , too ! But I think he thought he would be Queen Bee and that he would own the prison . This ain't Cool Hand Luke !
So our crew is kind of a big deal .... Check out who to start / sit for FantasyFootball Week 1
We're seeing an incredible cascade of truth telling about predatory men . I can only imagine the frustration felt by the wom
justacompliment shows how patriarchy is racist too . How they are interlinked .
Why is it every bigot has a black friend ? ! "" Does your black friend have any black friends ? "" should be the mandatory follo
How mass incarceration of black men is keeping us from developing better health treatments
How To Wait Out Your Friends Boyfriend ( or husband ) fyi , you know , for the sake of the child .
Day one homework from the accessories masterclass .
Justice Ginsburg presciently reminds us in footnote 19 that "" closely held "" doesn't mean small . HobbyLobby
Just read : I Was A Sex Worker Whose Clients Used Drugs And Im Lucky I Didnt End Up Like Alix Tichelman
Journal article complete . 19pp on facilitating masturbation and the righttopleasure . Now to finish my curriculum and be out . gradschool
I'm trying to work it in . I have 2 bars down .
I have one inspired by your staff photo hair coverage problem .
Straight Dad Attacked After Confronting Woman Calling Gays ' Faggots ' - The Gaily Grind
+ history = my new thing to watch on no days . 10thingsyoudontknowabout
Can we breathe ? Can we feel ? This call 2 be dignified & amp ; contain emotion is quite literally inhuman . FergusonDecision
I essentially did a death drop on my back stairs the other day . All the right parts hurt , plus my shoulder . I fell in my ass . Why , shoulder ?
I can't believe the 7.1 million people who signed up for Obamacare didn't want this GOP healthcare alternative
Bitch they are killing EVERYBODY tonight AmericanHorrorStoryFreakShow AHSFS
50ShadesofGrey , ' Debunked : How Much of It Is Fact and How Much Is Fiction ? - via
just year a bra with enough passing to avoid nipple chafing and should be fine .
Busted out of birthday funk today to do laundry , ensuring I will be dressed during ( most of ) sfs 15 .
tbt series : halloween 2010 . Wonder Woman , the Green Lantern , ( crazy ) Catwoman .
Specific ask + on the clock = lobbying . Specific ask + your own time = advocacy . Providing accurate information = education NSEC 15
NSEC 15 found the gender neutral restroom on the upper level ! Would love to see multiple next year
NSEC 15 in your life were you equipped with tools to address jealousy ? Not many people were in wkshp nonmonogamy
Language issues aside ... one of these things is not like the others ... #psychologytoday the
A1 : My parents are fantastic and always gave me honest answers about my body . I knew what vaginas & amp ; vulvae were from a yo
That is so freaking good .
The love , support , validation and respect that shows bloggers & amp ; hashtag activists means so much . sfs 16
If you voted Trump , I hope some day you feel ashamed . Not b / c I hope for your redemption , but b / c you deserve to feel bad abo
She's so fluffy . dogs
Jump Cable With Lighting Charger an emergency battery that fits in your pocket via The Red ...
Picattoo turn your Instagram photos into temporary tats via The Red Ferret Journal - gadgets , ...
150 Country Travel Adapter a plug for all occasions and places via The Red Ferret Journal - ...
VisaPort generate a travel visa application in under 2 minutes with your phone [Freeware] via ...
Hillsborough's Commercial Real Estate Market Gains Momentum WeAreALLTampaBay -
Popcorn In Your Browser watch movies instantly in your browser for free for a while via ...
Batteriser give new life to those dead batteries ...
ClearStream Eclipse TV Antenna better than rabbit ears via The Red Ferret Journal - gadgets , ...
7 Words That Are Banned in My House via A Day in Motherhood - ' Shut Up ' ' I Can't ' ' Stupid ' ...
Sarasota Chosen to Host 2016 UCI BMX Supercross World Cup WeAreALLTampaBay -
Tinker Crate the monthly subscription for little makers via The Red Ferret Journal - gadgets , ...
So much flesh , such little time . Strangeland -
KICK compact camera lighting for all your projects via The Red Ferret Journal - gadgets , cool ...
Tab the lapdesk designed with tablets in mind via The Red Ferret Journal - gadgets , cool ...
Spylight get the looks from TV via The Red Ferret Journal - gadgets , cool sites , freeware and ...
Organize and Earn with eBay to Make Your Life Easier via A Day in Motherhood - * * This conversation ...
HUI ! dont plant blindly this spring via The Red Ferret Journal - gadgets , cool sites , ...
Wocket cut down on cards with this smart wallet via The Red Ferret Journal - gadgets , cool ...
Target Trolls , Happy Friendsgiving , OptOutside and More in the Weekly Spread ! STpromo -
3 - in - 1 i-FlashDrive HD II always be prepared to move your data via The Red Ferret Journal - ...
Teach Children the Joy of Giving with Hasbro Toys via A Day in Motherhood - This is product review ...
Join for a transformation chat Ad -
R2D2 Humidifier the force , or something equally hilarious and trendy , comes to your bedroom ...
Tips for Traveling to Schlitterbahn New Braunfels with Your Kids via A Day in Motherhood - * * I am ...
Charge Your Device at the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo with Reliant + Enter the Justin Boots ...
Lightpack relieve the strain on your eyes from your monitor with . . . light ? via The Red ...
Orcinus Orchestral Digital Grand Piano classic sound , modern technology via The Red Ferret ...
Snorkeling Maui : A Bird Island Experience via A Day in Motherhood - * * I was a guest of Sony for ...
What You Need to Travel with Your Pet This Summer via A Day in Motherhood - This shop has been ...
Ready for A Catsair pic by downhillculture for hugyourcatday ! Send us pics of your cat + our gear !
Atlas of Artificial Night Sky Brightness when was the last time you saw the stars ? via The Red ...
I won in Guess the Card Game at One more step towards my free prize ! My Invite Link : https://t.co / 7EQoPLGVj8 !
Raising money 4 Multiple Sclerosis Prayer ! Donate 5.00 . say a prayer-share
Raising money 4 Multiple Sclerosis Prayer ! Donate 5.00 . say a prayer-share
Raising money 4 Multiple Sclerosis Prayer ! Donate 5.00 . say a prayer-share
Raising money 4 Multiple Sclerosis Prayer ! Donate 5.00 . say a prayer-share
Raising money 4 Multiple Sclerosis Help ! Donate 5.00 . say a prayer-share
Raising money 4 Multiple Sclerosis Help ! Donate 5.00 . say a prayer-share
Raising money 4 Multiple Sclerosis Help for nursing student
I'm raising money for March is Multiple Sclerosis Month ! . Click to Donate : via
I'm raising money for March is Multiple Sclerosis Month ! . Click to Donate : via
I'm raising money for Multiple Sclerosis financial help ! ! ! . Click to Donate via
I'm raising money for Multiple Sclerosis financial help ! ! ! . Click to Donate via
I'm raising money for Multiple Sclerosis financial help ! ! ! . Click to Donate via
Fighting Cigna + Multiple Sclerosis via
Fighting Cigna Disability + Multiple Sclerosis via
Wrestling fan fighting disability + Multiple Sclerosis via
Fighting Cigna Disability + Multiple Sclerosis via
Wrestling fan-nursing assistant fighting disability + Multiple Sclerosis via
Wrestling fan-nursing assistant fighting disability + Multiple Sclerosis via
Wrestling fan-nursing assistant fighting disability + Multiple Sclerosis via
RipChyna all of us on team Chyna love you and will love you forever babe . Felix
Wrestling fan-nursing assistant fighting disability + Multiple Sclerosis via
I'm raising money for GO BLUE ! MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS HELP NEEDED . Click to Donate : via
2day is World Multiple Sclerosis day . Please help the cause . World MS Day help ! via
Wrestling fan needs Multiple Sclerosis medical help ! ! ! via
I'm raising money for Help WWE fan pin Multiple Sclerosis . Click to Donate : via
I'm raising money for Multiple Sclerosis medical help ! ! . Click to Donate : via
Please help me get much needed Multiple Sclerosis treatment ! ! ! ! Click to Donate : via
1 step closer to may 14th rings
All my music is gone fuckthat
E : 60 hit hard tonight
No longer allowed to speak in English class ..
Gonna sleep so good tonight lax
Hot hand for these quizzes
Cold blooded ass parking enforcement agent lizard hearted son of a bitch I hope you get Mortal Kombat fatalitied in the ...
Another day , another move
Can't beat a woman who can make a sandwich
Chic fil a is so good right now
If you'll be my soft and sweet , I'll be your strong and steady . - Blake Shelton
Early morning grind for this philosophy test
About to pick up and burn all this Obama litter on the drillfield
I still laugh to myself when my teacher says anything about Uranus
Andrew woeck's forearm / neck tattoos with the goatee is a killer combo
The big bro is back from Thailand
If u go to a college game and call a college athlete a piece of crap u deserve to get yo ass beat ! !
This kid might be better than johnny football
I sure do appreciate your support !
Great lunch with Jose today ... thanks for the encouraging words !
Had a great day at the Mall ... if that's possible ... anyway , excellent lunch , and the shopping verdict is > Bought $ 430.37 > Spent $ 112.71 .. !
Round one of the festivities , headed to Tucker for lunch w / Mom and Dad !
Day 2 of Master's week , glad the storms are gone , hopefully playing golf this week before we head to Augusta on Friday , talking about stress !
Catalyst is happening ! Updates all day .
Driving thru Kansas today ... There's no place like home . You know I had to say that .
Just signed up for my 2 fantasy football teams ... all good coaches must be prepared ! !
Great last Men's meeting until the Fall We studied the four marks of a man of God ... 1st Timothy 6:11- 14 RISE
Watching UFC 213 ... all I can say is ... it's us versus them ! ! ! PPV anotherlatenight
Make sure you tell the ones you love that you love them . If you know someone who is down , always reach out .
If you're looking for some help for your audition , contact your friendly , neighbourhood Shakespeare ! RenAuditionHelp
For FF , do follow - the 1st major renaissance faire of the year ! May 23 , 24 , 30 , 31 , June 6 & amp ; 7 . ' Tis the 6th glorious season !
The angels did weep from that pun-ishment .
I was talking with Tara on the car ride home & amp ; , long story short : does anyone have room for an extra rhinoceros ?
' Tis Marketplace Weekend at the - buy something for your Friendly , Neighbourhood Shakespeare ! ShakespeareApproves NYRF GSTQ
I am NOT overplus ! I wear a size small , thank'ee very much !
ElderlyChristmasSongs Walking In A Mall Before 9 a . m .
At long last ... Your friendly , neighbourhood Shakespeare is finally about to record the album ! ShakespeareApproves ShakespeareCD
Shakespeare is regretting not bringing his 4th Doctor scarf !
The Scottish play rocks Celtic weekend
Happy Natal Day to mine own furry FluffyKitten Milo ! It's not everyday that your young man turns 7 ! catbirthday
October 27 : Winter Is Coming WinterIsComing
Thankfully , we now live in a time where we may ( & amp ; should ! ) address , & amp ; often redresd , our leaders , w / o fear of reprisal ( 2 )
Thank you - it was a terrific time !
He had other things to do than pose like a boss . He was cleaning himself . MyCatIsMyHero ShakespeareApproves
I should have shared this on MayThe 4th ! At w / The Creepy Bard , singing an classic ! GSTQ
Thank you for another delightful weekend ! Your friendly , neighbourhood Shakespeare gets to play in thy lanes for 4 more weeks !
This is Angel , your friendly , neighbourhood Shakespeares laundry buddy whilst in Louisiana
Yeah I was going to crop it but it didn't look right
oh my god I miss you so much thank you & amp ; love you
Who is going to pay for Obama's environmental regs ? Guess . States hit hardest by EPAs coal regulations in one map .
CloudSecurity : Think Today's Reality , Not Yesterday's Policy
7 8 , 1776 People gathered at the PA State House for the first public reading of the Declaration of Independence , by Co
Scientists suggest doing the Melbourne Shuffle ' to secure data in the cloud
Netflix open sources tools for detecting planned attacks -
7 17 1775 The 3rd Virginia Convention met in Richmond after Royal Governor Lord Dunmore had fled , effectively becoming
stop being such a twitterholic during class !
I re-tweet a lot .
Epic WTFs , WTF : Dad and My Boobs : A Love Story
Suckiest birthday ever . Cheers c :
Why is 7Eleven trending ?
I know , I said most of the freshmen c : I do too , but people take their time walking and fixing their hair .. D:
AND THE FLUFFY PILLOWS ! They're a must ;)
ou la la . Is it stored in a jar of pickle juice ? Your virginity , I mean .
I don't feel like doing Spanish ugh :( ( (
is a great source of satanic preaching , causing trauma to young theists which are already traumatized by the l ...
And how about JOLOS ? J because Germans pronounce it as Y , and S because you're Sarah . Bitchez .
I love you too , stranger
My tooth and ear hurt fack
Why do middle schoolers think it's fun to self-diagnose themselves ? You think having depression and anxiety is cool ?
( I have my own washer / dryer unit in my apt ) ( is this what it means to be privileged )
free education sounds nice but how would that be implemented ? they'll need to raise the taxes . & amp ; if they raise the minimum wage
when boys try to flirt with you and call you "" exotic girl ""
I live just outside of DC yo
I think it's time to disown my sister . She's voting for Clinton .
When you're a Gold's Gym employee and can't use the facility in your home country because it's only for men
every country pop song be like "" I have sex in my truck something something remember the boys in nam salute the troops ""
WAY OF LIFE - Blog
All chips are not created equal . These chips are cooked in 100 % olive oil . Save $ 1 with
Are you looking for a freelance job opportunity ?
Mystery shopping is not always a scam . Some pay by check , PayPal and direct deposit . MSPNA
"" It's OK to waste time as long as you're having fun-said no boss , ever . "" 17 entertaining easter eggs ! ht
This was last Friday's freebie at Kroger .
What does a healthy immune system mean to you ? RicolaCrowd sponsored
Ill use my $ 5 gift card on candy for Halloween . sponsored LISTERINE
I always look forward to coffee in the morning . FolgersFans sponsored
How the Wave of Social Media Marketing Created Jobs ? Visit : Please Retweet to ... by trinityadam via
Golf is wayyyy better with kangaroos . Especially if no one is expecting the ... by mashable
Being back on campus makes me want to fast forward to the fall iLOVEttu
TAYLOR SWIFT YOU'VE DONE IT AGAIN . YOU MY GIRL yessssss
lol then we all have to get houses next to each other like we would always draw in class !
dyin laughin over here . You're my favorite person ever
sounds like you were blessed
~ ~ ~ $ 3.99 FREE in the Prime Lending Library ~ ~ ~ ~ CLICK to learn more ! eBooks mystery RT
URGENT CATS adorable KANE needs our help NOW or DIES 6/9 ! Pls RT / pledge / foster / adopt
SAVE A LIFE TODAY ! ! adopt dogs cats
Check out my book - ' The Perfect Day ( Detective Paul Friedman Thrillers ) ' - on BookBuzzr -
When the Orcas Aren't Performing : EmptyTheTanks
Time is Running Out ! TWELVE TO MURDER ( Mac Faraday Mystery ) IARTG BYNR amenl book BookTrailer :
ASMSG BYNR IARTG "" ... a must read . "" Action Thriller "" The Saladin Strategy ""
I hope YOU enjoy the mystery novel Poetic Justice . murder , romance , and something for pet lovers , too . IARTG
That would be Thank you . An author should proofread their tweets , too . :)
Ability may get you to the top , but it takes character to keep you there . - John Wooden
Want to find recommended reads , top picks and honest reading selections ? GoIndie
For All The Latest World Book News Visit 40 Fresh News Items Daily . books kindle 5
aww thats not cool :(
I've been wanting to try them 5k runner girlpower FitToWin sweepstakes
you're one of those people who ask for not toasted Gross
Apart from these Japanese tourists ..
This book bans tattoos , pork , shellfish , haircuts , polyester etc , but it's okay to quote it when it suits ? VoteYes
log a case to the Spam team , they're usually able to help .
snap . Currently sitting on one .
I want to cone to wherever you are
nevermind do whatever you want babe ily forever and always I'm just . While can't it be like it used to ? I never even saw yal
Ily Jacob your amazingx 41
Ily Jacob your amazingx 83
I like your red lipstick What is it ? ? ? BTW ily
rt if you're single fav if you're taken .
FOLLOW ME CAM PLEASE BAE ILYSM FOLLOWMECAM Ily
My 11:12 wish of following Me didn't work so ima cry myself to sleep yall
I'M sorry Taylor That you were food poisoned That you broke your arm You've been through a lot and just know I'M here for you
Callmecam Callmecam ILY PLEASE 26
I always think about you
. that was my traveling tooth paste
the perfect house for what umm
Should I start facetiming fans once a week ? Crap yes
ill talk to you after call me cam lol
PLEASE FACETIME ME CALLMECAM FACETIMEMECAM I LOVE YOU CAM SO PLEASE CALL ME ! X116
It would make my life If you called me cameron ... FACETIMEMECAM SO PLEASE CALL ME ! X226
It would make my life If you called me cameron ... FACETIMEMECAM SO PLEASE CALL ME ! X332
I'm really craving a kid cuisine atm
grantto 150k Please follow me grant I love you so much grant X18
uploading the vine RN ! :)
I'm on lifestream but i don't know how to get the link to show it , of course another thing happens , i seriously just d
meanwhile Taylor CANIFF is doing follow sprees and selfies in the bathroom at who knows where
Giveaway ! Follow on Twitter , this Tweet , & amp ; then Tweet the hashtag ShopPricelessGiveaway !
me obv why'd you even ask
Netflix needs to upgrade to 2014 movies
Low key liked blue books this year ... The map squad tho .
Sometimes I keep my feelings to myself because it's hard to find someone who understands
Avocado makes everything better .
Things I am always down for no questions asked : Road trips Breakfast for dinner Hot coffee and good conversation Music
I need to change my twitcon cuz i look high in this one
when you asked for my visine and i said something but i dont remember what
Im probably going to get some kicks 2day
lol , i can tell
np Wale - Play Your Part
ok ok , just don't beat me up
aft all the times iv been high and said thats theres nothing to eat in my house , i never checked the freezer HighTweet
Guess im gonna be up till 6 again
That girl the other day was sexy af
Tryin to come out with all goals accomplished
A bitch , right ?
If a pilot is flying a plane , it looks like a plane . But if he did a halo jump out of a plane he would look like an angle
Im not even In the class yet and I'm already saying fuck that test
I'v grown tired of TV
Im getting rdy to send em right now
The fact that im the only one reading it
The thought of you gives me that feeling
I keep falling . This nightmare won't end
Its like im talking to a ghost
All This shit behind the vocals is wack
some of the shit running thru my head < , < < < smh
Niggas find it interesting for no god damn reason ... i could see if you was a bitch
Derek Jeter discusses the importance of healthy meal options and why he's excited to SparkChange ! LuvoContest -
good luck tonight boyz !
going ham so far , , , keep it up
Making out is the new hanging out
he says he's been good he doesn't miss you though . Moeller misses you though . He wants a new laptop
Car plows through Minnesota protest Ferguson FTP MikeBrown
Oopps you missed me ! Walked right by me ! Hope he gets to see his pic with me on Twitter , he doesn't know we took this
looks like I'm glad I took the night off
My boy farted , belched , set fire , killed it on the raft ! ! theraft blood killa
what , ? Tyler got a hit today
Had 7 - point lead in closing seconds to clinch fantasy playoff spot . Facing Ravens D . It blocks FG , returns it for TD . Los
One if the most unbelievable things I've ever seen MarchMadness . 8
bump it up bump it up
hopefully u keep em comin
Woke up to pee . ' Cause I'm old . But it's ' Cats / ' Cards day . Wish I could play . But I can't . ' Cause I'm old . Dammit . Bk to sl
Nice throw , Tim .
ILL DO FLAK TOWER ALL DAY COD
When they ask your Dad if Chicago can possibly win in Cleveland ....
Christopher Lee , one of the Golden Girls , Dusty Rhodes .
that's a little obsessive kid
Time to go on a trip
win ! ! ! ! ! Yes ! ! ! !
Life is too short , don't take anything for granted .
Trying my first cycling class tomorrow morning at 5am . Lord help me ! gettingbackinshape byefat
The Panthers were perfect this season ... ... until they met the in Week 16 .
Peyton Manning / Cam Newton have gone head-to-head once : 2012 Week 10 Broncos won , 36-14 . Manning 301 pass yds , Ne
Can't wait to go back someday
Don't fuck with my family . I'm so protective , it's not even funny .
I want to try a kickboxing class . Anyone know of a good place to go in Chicagoland ?
went to the store for milk came back with puppies
Arnarholl , Reykjavik , Iceland . 4th July 2016 . g er kominn heim . ISL
I'm avoiding doing dishes by finding a hundred other tasks to do ... rearranging my DVDs ... opening a bottle of wine ... eating ice cream ...
ElectionNight LOOKING AT MICHIGAN AND WISCONSIN LIKE ...
Tired and hungry . Worst combo there is .
I'm a nasty girl WomensMarch
TO WIN : MY 300K MAKEUP BUNDLE ( must be following me so I can dm the winner )
This FBI Director has sought for years to jail me on account of my political activities . If I can oppose his firing , so can yo
Michael Jordan - 6-0 in finals Kobe Bryant - 5-2 Lebron James - 3-5 Enough said .
It's all gone a bit GOT at Kings Cross ...
People seemed confused about the Nazi issue so I made a handy flowchart .
Statement from the Golden State Warriors :
Why do you separate yourself from the terrorists , Dondi ? You and your family have done more damage to America than Bin
online shopping will be my demise
K well go aves wear whatever it doesn't really matter just show up ! !
2015 is in less than 3 months :/ / / 2015 graduates in less than 8 months :/ / /
local natives radio is da bomb
Girls that like tall guys logic
When you get that 2AM ' Wyd ' text
My baby went backstage to get ready to perform so I sat and posed WifeLife
Ridin ' dirty ! TahitiStyle
10 yrs ago around this time I had no clue what was going on at the dinner table except for the fact that I "" found the big cracker and won ""
Attendance lady askin why I'm late imma say conspiracy straight up
but wouldn't that just require someone who isn't aware of the social media platform ?
okay matty the stunt is over time to release the new album
People inspire you or they drain you . Pick them wisely
why are you not the one in this ad ? ? ? ? ? ?
fox , as in were a bunch of foxy chicks
Support the Hockey Team !
"" when Paris turned out its lights , the rest of the world turned them on "" PrayForParis
yooo shouts out to us ! ! ! ! MiamiOH 2020 LoveAndHonor
I'm so sorry but the only person who finds your face swap snapchat funny is you \ _ ( ) _ /
Emma just said she was sexually attracted to chicken
It's 513Day ! if you're celebrating with Cheese Coneys and Ways . ItsSkylineTime
lebron is gonna leave the cavs after this
I still remember the days I prayed for the things I have now
awwwww ! ! ! I can't wait either ! Love you :) )
Georgia is about to show Mizzou what the SEC is really about
Fat Amy : "" Well , sometimes I feel like I could do crystal meth .. but then I think , hmm better not . "" P ...
Or could we just wear cloaks ? Why did those go out of style
Love Kroger . Nothing like 99 cents per gallon
for every retweet about wolf cove , you will receive one hug from clayton waller . laydeez
Me watching scary movies .
What a great day at Ole Mi $ $ . Crap , totally accidental typo .
I would LOVE to ! ! So excited Be my date ? GirlsNight
I miss YOU ! Can't wait to hang out this summer
"" To keep forever sacred the memory of those we have loved and lost "" prayforboston
Grizzlies drop Clippers ! Get the Flop back to LA . We got some playoffs to keep playing ! GrizzNation GoGrizz ! ! !
Thoroughly enjoyed being teased by tonight .... For crossing my arms ? until next time
Best country in America . Good to be back . TEXAS
Thanks for being the sassmaster supreme . You set an example for aspiring sassmasters worldwide . MTVHotte
The snapchats I get from
Habitat for Humanity . What an amazing way to spend a Friday afternoon . Too much fun Ooo Kill ' em
And we danced all night to the blessed song ever .
So glad you came for the game ! !
And then I receive this from number 11 & amp ; 13
I KNOW . I love Tate because he's so cute but then I remember he's a compulsive killer so idk .. AHS
Thankful that I'm well enough to go praying for no injuries or sickness on ski trip this year
You live in this state . There's a road named "" Farfrompoopen "" in Arkansas .
when all my friends are busy because they're in a relationship
* 21 fart gun salute * "" Uhhh I counted 22 . "" Gru's Christmas Lair
I miss you more . Come visit me .
Well maybe you should come visit Michigan . I'm not doing anything ths weekend LOL J / K
Hmm wonder whatever happened to Scritti Politti ? ?
Sign up for ebates and earn cash back for all your online purchases ! So far this year I have saved $ 75 ! Sign up here
I wish u were down here I could help you if u needed me
You sure about that ? lol
Biting my tongue .. really teed off that ppl in my family R always askin us 2 help with something . would be nice if they did something for us
Love how me , my sister N Jacob get forgotten but everyone never forgets about so an so . It's funny they always remember to send u invites tho
I just won $ 1.5 from a contest at instaGC .
Purina Cat Chow Fat Cat Fess Up Tour : via
Omg I'm so tired of hearing about Derek Jeter . Yea he's done alot 4 my community but damn enough already . :-/
Went 2 the casino and won on same machine again . Thinking I should go back next week and play that same machine and see if I win ....
Try Chicken Fajitas made with PERDUE SHORT CUTS . PerdueCrew promotion -
Looking to get away this fall ? Plan a trip to one of these awesome U . S . cities . bestfalltraveldestinations
Put yourself in the SB50 TV spot . AvosInSpace ad click here now -
. @Joe_Gatto on Periscope : Murr dances in hottub
Submit a video making an avocado recipe with your child to win ! minichef sweeps -
I'm not supporting a charity that scammed those who donated . Who knew the Wounded Warrior Project would do such a thing . ShameOnYou
its sad people dont care that his lard ass got out of Vietnam . My dad served and deserves better treatment than this pos
Check out these awesome weekly prizes for Cinco de Mayo from & amp ; GuacIt AvoSweepstakes -
Get your weekly dinner recipes , shopping lists , and more from Promotion PerdueCrew -
The conservaturds are getting scared because they are about to get kicked off their healthcare plans . WhySoAngry MASA
2/12 verified do you hear me crying ?
next time you should me
my keyboard is Jacob and Dylan and I CRI every time
I feel like a proud soccer mom omg WordsTonight
Jacob sang to her omg she so beautiful
Dude ... I love The Knux , how did I sleep on them ?
Hey you wouldn't happen to do team shirts would you ?
Yeah that works , how about like 3ish ?
SHine your light on the world ...
or is there still hope ?
You should have been at the super religious wedding reception I was at yesterday .... yeeeesh .
Love when guests come and leave Dr . Pepper in the fridge !
Hey matt do you need any shelving for DVDs or CDs ? I got some I'm not using and can't sell on Kijiji , yours if you want em
Let's all stop pretending that shitty stuff is good .
This is one of my top 10 videos of all time !
just like in society they have social classes too , the throwers and the pickers
"" social media "" sucks
you work with some of the best already I know . Pat Robitaille told me to drop you a line . If you ever do tho let me know ! !
it's a 2007 so $ 600 ? 15 "" !
hero by chad kroeger for Spider-Man , has there ever been a more winning recipe ?
New music ! ! Here's the lyric video for our brand spankin ' new track "" Love Crazy "" rec'd live & amp ; directed by htt
My friend has a book out today that you can buy . Boy Meets Girl Massacre from what I gather it's a real feel good romp .
Absolutely . Please feel free to use that one or any from my page .
For those that have not been to my photography page yet ...
someone come over and plat gta 5 with me
Alison's such a jerk sometimes
oh hey what day is your birthday ?
Appreciation tweet to MV loves you
give me ur money its for a good cause
when ur tryna selfie but ur whole fam starts to join
egg : you gonna dress up for halloween ? toast : why ? if you think about it , don't we all wear a mask each & amp ; every day ? egg :
let's not forget what the season is all about ! ! happy birthday
reeeally bitter zac didn't go to the hsm reunion . he already ditched his friends in hsm 2 i guess he never learned
Inch two of 3 feet of bacon .
Jasmine : crazy , very extroverted , insanely beautiful , kind , cares deeply about her friends , has corny jokes !
happy birthday to dylan sprouse not cole though I will never forgive him
get you a girl that can do both ;)
who should hannah have picked ? vote & amp ; rt
I appreciate sparknotes ' study break thing but it really isn't helping
Second night of The Wedding Singer was HOLY CRAP . Word on the street is that we have finally surpassed Mary Poppins h
you mean to tell me that some of y'all are out here ... not drinking coffee every day ... and still living a fulfilling life ? ? ?
My customer service voice is so fake i literally have no idea who that bitch is
Getting breakfast with your friends the morning after going out and sharing stories and looking like death is one of my
It ... it's really that simple . Of course "" all lives matter "" but only certain lives are un
one direction is having a reunion down here
I . AM . IN . TEARS .
It's about that time of night again
are you fuckin serious ? I come home to see this and my brother changed all my contacts to vines . Im dead goodbye
nah this 2 week break is not enough i need to hibernate u can find me in a cave !
Ahhh waitting for natys mom to take me home this was a crazy weeekend but now of to study
Homework Done , Studying Coming up , Then gonna watch T . V or Text :)
Had an awesome day with my sista Briona lol luv her sooo much ! ! ! Now getting some lunch then heading home :)
If your a dreamer and proud . By the way I'm talking to Jasmine right now she so friggin amazing Love you jas !
Hey PrettyGal ! ! ! ! I haven't heard from you in awhile how've you been ? ! :)
It's difficult to walk on my leg ... the entire left side of my leg is swollen & amp ; sore
when you still getting ready and your friends text you "" we here ""
I took a nap & amp ; thought it was morning ... I had a freak-out session thinking I was late for school when it's really almost 11 at night
Still up taking pictures & amp ; videos
Virgo women do not enjoy being part-time lovers .
It'd be nice to be an actual class , not 2 squads being forced to stay in a room together . We only have 1 year left ...
Boyfriends that rub your back and play with your hair until you fall asleep are a gift
Let me show you a true diva
LOOK HOW CUTE IT IS
if you arent trynna bake these w me & amp ; watch scary movies ... i dont want ya
My oldest brother has been verbally abusive since he got home . His anger is off the wall . All I can do is sit here b / c no one cares ...
I fucking hate instigating ass people MIND YOUR FUCKING BUSINESS ! ! !
My 4th tip for raising a daughter is listen to what she says and watch her actions . AveenoAdvocates sponsored
Jif Bars make me happy because they are a quick , delicious snack TeamJif sponsored
Im supporting LoveTheGIVE because everyone needs to love PartnersinGIVE 30DayGive
Tell us when you need sheer hydration . sponsored AveenoAdvocates
Ready to party with you !
Real breakfast sausage makes me real happy and feel great SausageFamily Sponsored
I fight bad breathcausing germs by all Listerine products ! LISTERINE sponsored
Its the last day for a shot at a . All you have to do is RT . Do it ! OpenTheCheer Rules :
Ill stock up on AVEENO products , so I can keep my son's eczema under control ! sponsored AveenoAdvocates
The date Ive always wanted to go on candlelit dinner with my wonderful husband eBayTeam sponsored
A2 : make it fun for them ! KIWIFreeFrom
I can't wait ! ! ! ! ShareASong AD
Foods like fish , eggs , fortified milk and juices are great sources of Vitamin D CentrumGummies
Watch this easy recipe video and register for a chance to win a year's worth of Smithfield Marinated Fresh Pork !
Get 4 tix to see for $ 40 ! Download today to unlock this great offer . This deal is BANANAS !
How do you feel when youre wearing your favorite outfit ? ElectroluxStyle sponsored
What excites you about Curl HYDRA THERAPY WET SKIN MOISTURIZER ? CurelSkincare sponsored
Gifts from the Heart Weekly Giveaway
Wow ! I just entered for a chance to win "" Etronic Battery Powered Flameless LED Tea Light C ... "" by Etronic . giveaway
Wow ! I just entered for a chance to win "" Zoeson 3 in 1 Flash light Plus 15 X Macro Lens Plu ... "" by zoeson . giveaway
Off to A Bad Moms Christmas with wrapping tons of presents FebrezeCrowd sponsored
bluewavelifestyle is giving away Bluewave Daily 8 Water Bottle Jugs in amazongiveaway ! drinkdaily 8 giveaway
Whats your favorite recipe for holiday season baking , made with a SPLENDA Sweetener ? splendasavvies sponsored
Dungeon Defenders : First Wave by review - action-RPG / Tower Defense ...
I don't get it . People follow , leave , follow , leave ...
Whatsthepoint of playing MMOs if the end game is a Raid with tons of people ! I don't need emotional support or help or friends .
Did you like that Black Swan movie ?
Just the Batman one .
From the Archive : Photoshop Panels Often Overlooked photoshop
I am a PC gamer at heart when all FPS were PC , but I like consoles too . If they make a game for PC & console , I'll go with PC first though .
Anyone on here play Champions Online and good at making builds ?
Art Corner : Anniversary Event : Hey champs fans , Another amazing year of Champions Online has come to pass , and ... ht ...
What is Lightning's first name ! Not many seem to know when I ask them .
At last ! Cotton rich tights that fit well , keep you warm and look good . Well done Aristoc !
aww come own pwancider doesn't know shit about games from my country ... or IGN for that matter .
The Death Star just got brand new Mac computers , now I can finally force-quit applications .
at this point i have armor that is way better stats than the psycho stuff , i just wish they'd sell the look , like CO does .
Epic's Mark Rein Gives Props To The PS4 ' s Developer-Friendly Architecture
I don't like the cloaker much . It makes doing certain things like flanking , running offensively to cover , reviving friends not fun .
Hey Tom , I have question - the song Wait , who is the actual vocalist on the track ? She has an amazing voice !
Have a monster problem ? We have the Winchester solution on Supernatural , Wednesdays at 9/8 c on
I hope it happens next season but I still won't be watching .
yeah i wish the Naga would come back with this look . The original Naga was the best .
Join me , gishwhes , & amp ; as we team up to grant a womans last wish & amp ; support kids ' dreams :
4 : Jan 12 , 2014 "" Rachel "" Lupus chronicillness
Rape wasn't stopped by petticoats & amp ; garters & amp ; it isn't stopped by burqas and niqabs . STOP telling women what to wear yesallwomen
Frustrated my throat is still weird 4 days after being tubed for surgery . Hate feeling like there's something in my throat . spoonieproblems
5min till Rodeo time wooohoooooo ! !
Prepping the next two spoon pendant projects .
My cat trap worked !
I'm at Super Target in Mesquite , TX
Momentarily diverted from the bug hunt .
Natalie and Fitz danced it out . Fitz would have preferred a waltz .
On the other side of the window was a very small lizard , and Moo was fascinated . You can tell he was
WIP Johanna Basford's Enchanted Forest with fiskers gel pens .
Check out Chronic Painda ! Available for the next 13 days via
lose ris :/ pertanyaannya ga nyante ~ VitaniaRebecca ( cont )
cicilio kristo pujaningwong polbek ?
yoee kaka . Lumayan 9 angka : O
itu ridho ? Kirain patung budha rubuh Disaat ridho mau matiii haha VitaniaRebecca : Baru ( cont )
gua bawa tapi ga dimakan . Beda tipis lahh
oii besok ke sekolah ( lagi )
Morning . Has a breakfast with Luke 19 : 1-10 :)
Sama gua juga IPA 1 man "" @ManuelKevin12 : Enggak , 15 itu tanggal jadian gue maksudnya ( ) hahaha , gue IPA 1 dong hahaha ""
agama mana ? Gua agama ama s . rupa aja gi . Buku abang gua masi ada .
Just laugh and sing . Happy such as MINION . Poy papooooy
ka maaf baru bales . cek email ya ka
filmnya 2,5 jam . Biar pulang ga malem 2 mending yg set 1 . Tp tanya yg lain dulu dehh
maap pak ontanya tadi keguguran jadi ketubannya dikompres . Kerak onta mau ?
I never wanted to stop because I don't wanna start all over
happy birthday ka stevi . Be better , be blast , be success . Godblessya :)
Who is your ( real ) partner ? Me ? Let's flashback . Him ? Yes he is .
Ini kenapa jadi sering rt ga jelas : ' O
ohh cindy juga di rumah bunga ato dimana ? Soalnya dia belom kesini -_-
pukul mereka tom pukul ! Nambahin materi uas ajee
utang tidur masi belom terbayar nih
iya mel . Jodoh ? Kalo gitu lu harus bahagiakan dia . Umurnya bentar lagi soalnya >: O muahaha
contohnya ada ? Rapat lg kpn ?
ayo bang . Bayar sendiri tapinya haha
teknik apa ? Gua farmasi
Apresiasi purnabakti ( at Aula Gedung Fakultas Farmasi USU )
wonder if there has been any double dipping lol
there IS hope lol . I wasn't expecting to even get to take a pic with him .
good night . Dream some good dreams .
I have started a list . I have a few things already set in motion . :-)
they are really good !
Beginner Guitar players learn 20 awesome songs to get you started full video course here
i have probs sending direct message with phone .
I think you should check out awesome band .. awesome people
hi howdy hello heeeey lol
WednesdaySpecial for indieMusic Artists keep checking back for more ! !
playing guitar would have been more fun today .. Inside ... In the AC ... Hmmmm .
All the Scales You'll Ever Need guitar lessons music
so ! More US dates .. I'm all about second chances . Just do something along the Gulf Coast . Color me there !
weird dream last night and u were in it and so were Zombies . I watched WWZ .. eh .
The Most Common Chord Progressions guitar lessons music
I'm on cup 4 with coffee . Lol
I'm listening to "" So Cold "" by Breaking Benjamin on Pandora pandora
I'm listening to "" Heroes "" by Shinedown on Pandora pandora
I'm listening to "" Sail "" by AWOLNATION on Pandora pandora
I'm listening to "" What Goes Around ... / ... Comes Around ( Interlude ) "" by Justin Timberlake on Pandora pandora
I'm listening to "" Smooth Criminal "" by Alien Ant Farm on Pandora pandora
I'm listening to "" Whispers In The Dark "" by Skillet on Pandora pandora
hey in my neighborhood off motley .. Breakin . Someone shoot . Police on every street looking for the guy .
TMTshutdown shouldn't be the only one to have this eyes open on this .
if you really want to you will .
SPOILER REVIEW Supernatural S11Ep1 "" Out of the Darkness , Into the Fire "" via
THE MOVIE ADDICT REVIEWS Highlander ( 1986 ) via
THE SPOTLIGHT - Fall Out Boy - Pete Wentz via
put on your business cards "" Eugene Mirman , Comic , Scientific Co-host , Cartoon , and Epic Dragon rider .
( 1/2 ) Love the long-form shows you put out , Lately it seems you're one of the few worried about getting the
Do you and Risky talk ? Are yall still friends ?
I just tickled Tracy Morgans gerbil for a sample of ZestySalsa and SpicyBuffalo
will Harvey stop wearing toddler shirts ? Nipples all on display .
I applied to host a House Party :
not acceptable no matter who you are . #whiteonwhitecrime
Im sure All will be shocked and disappointed like I am .
DiamondReynolds's FalconHeightsShooting video has been removed from Facebook ; her account is gone as well .
I just entered Day 2 of PINCHmeBestYearEver giveaway for a chance to win an Oster blender !
We NeedtoImpeach Join me and sign on to petition demanding Congress impeach Trump .
"" , , .. ! .. ""
Everything that enters your eyes and your ears , affect your heart . Its your heart , protect it .
The Season 1 TWDMarathon starts NOW . Are you watching DaysGoneBye ?
When you don't know if that was Glenn at the end ... TheWalkingDead
Retweet if u watched it
Honoring Robin Williams ' legacy : his best roles from Mrs . Doubtfire to Patch Adams .
What , a country that actually has some morals & amp ; standards ! ? The horror MileyCyrus
My ears r happy on CANNOT wait for MaroonVTour ... countdown continues ...
I'd still LOVE to see you have MikeRowe on RunningWild Nbc
Wishing Birthday Wishes ! Can't be a day over 29 ! HappyBirthday
Bolder than a latte . Meet the new FlatWhite .
And by PG 13 I mean Pretty Good for 13 minutes .
Poor Dick Poop ... I mean Pope OscarNoms LOL ! Epic Moment !
ICYMI : had a sad , pizza-less childhood : CONAN
Tonight : Jude Law is stopping by ! Plus Keri Russell is here and performs ! FallonTonight
my knives ! Nothing is better then good knives ! food
RT "" #LegoMovie Directors Talk Lego Oscar , Batman Spinoff look at this ! !
SNL 40 & amp ; together again , this will be EPIC ! countingdown ...
TAYLOR ! ! dominates the iHeartAwards with a win for Song Of The Year and NOW ARTIST OF THE YEAR !
Get Kate Bosworth's Ultra-Cool Coachella Hairstyle beauty style fashion
HALLELUJAH ! ! Iced coffee Popsicles ! CoffeeFix baristalife
Loved look at the Met Gala ? Check out our fave temporary tattoo moments :
14 on-screen moments so romantic they produced real-world couples
Fashion is a language that creates itself in clothes to interpret reality .
Looking for Christmas holiday gifts ? Many trends at Southern By Design - order here >
r u familiar with whyislam ? A Muslim friend suggested it a place to help me understand difference from Christianity . Input ?
Who's doing your SocialMediaManagement ? Stuck in a Twitter recycle ? can help ! MyrtleBeach StartUp
matching hats , tees and other great gear ! Love Marriage Wedding ValentinesDay Order >
"" #KeepCalm and Get Lucky "" StPatricksDay LuckyLadies KissMeImIrish Irish OrderHere > https://t.co / vbBPT 4ZYxN
FathersDay is coming FAST ! Check out my store for giftsideas ! grillen bacon superhero daddy cheflife
"" One Photo At A Time "" wordpress blog nature photography MyrtleBeach beauty art
Of course ! Don't hesitate to message me if you need anything or to chat :)
"" A Rain Song "" depression life music inspiration poetry wordpress
"" Our Yesterdays "" seperation divorce marriage love loss leaving poetry wordpress
WTF WHY GARY SO THICC FOR HE CAN CATCH THE NUT ! !
i will i was dead
i miss the walking dead
Good night beautiful . Make room for happiness tomorrow . If you make room for it , it'll show up .
so far this has been the worst week of my life and its monday and im just ready to see adam levine in 7 days .
Look im holding the thing haha
A mute symbol has been sprayed on Trump's star
Biden : ... so , when Trump walks in , you duck and I sock him wit - Obama : No , Joe
all talk , no action from you . im not even complaining tho
how to say ' bon appetit ' a million different ways
mood for 2017 , me drunk waiting for the uber outside the club
my love flew like a butterfly , until heartbreak swooped down like a bat .
Here's a poem I wrote . One of my best so far . Honestly .
Professor : The test won't be that difficult . Me : TO YOU
when no one is around you say baby i love you
acting like u don't care isn't attractive lol
Oh god . Oh . Dear . God . What have you done ! ? Thankfully , all the letters in my name are silent .
what the Drake and Josh theme song would sound like while you're making out in the bathroom of a house party
Why do my picture look wiggly looking
Happy 4th of July I'm trynna fuck
Netflix : Are you still there Me :
Nicki Minaj must be stopped
whoever uses a shotgun in CoD ya moms a hoe
how i sleep at night knowing men will continue to disappoint me no matter what they do
This blogs really hitting home on what I ' shouldnt ' be doing ! @clearingtheroad Have you got that Monday morning feeli ...
\ (-_-) \ to the window / (-_-) / to the wall lol getsmeeverytime
omg your pic is so cute excuse me while i cry and die brb
dying omfg he is so cute
OMFG WAT thats so weird >:( I am checking it rite now oK
i just ate half a can of pringles am i OK
omg BABE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! missed U
i want a closeup of everyone when gotye wins
omg can u I CAN DM CAMILA FOR YOU
not my broccoLi cheddar , not my probLem .
Pretty sure Obama has a twin . and he is attempting to park an F - 250 in our tiny parking garage right now .
3 to 11 tonight and 7 to 3 tomorrow morning . absoLuteLy ridic .
I wish I had more money :(
Just noticed that on myspace , aLL of the words in the banners use capitaLized L's and R's . I think we were meant to be .
But I know it's too Late . I shouLd have given you a reason to stay .
And I know my songs were never profound , they were never sincere enough to make your heart sing out .
fLying first cLass from rome to phiLLy ? YES pLease .
happy 6 months to my favorite man in the worLd . I Love you patty cakes
my muscLes are LiteraLLy having seizures ...
I haven't heard any updates about the opening on Laskin in Virginia Beach ... I hope it's stiLL opening in October !
It's 7:30 am and stiLL dark out ! What's going on ? ! :(
"" Innovation is the consequence of exploration . And you can't explore while standing still . "" - Charles Day
I need my friends in my life .. forever :D
I know some of you may not care but I do ! They're back ! :) Life complete .
What are you guys doing now ?
Back when I was home . tbt Takemeback NaplesFlorida
Freddys after watching a great Brennan Choir concert . I'm definitely a proud alumni . You guys were
This is Addie's box . Do not touch .
7 years ago I applied for the Xfactor . . That is very hard to believe . All I can say is thank you so much , you changed
It's all shits and giggles until someone giggles and shits
You guys should follow my Co owner . She's prettier and alot wittier than me and has perfect teeth .
What A Handsome Trio #BellesOfTheDead Are Coming For All Y'all In October
added it to the list :)
For TBT , here's a blooper from one of my 1st interviews with where my clumsiness makes an appearance
I was honored to share my story on the podcast !
We had a great time catching up with at Atlanta ! creechquestions FearTWD TWD
We need a name for this eventual pairing . Who can name the podcast ? CreechQuestionsnoMore
I'm just some guy ... in his underwear .. on the Twitter . Two of these are true ... but I will leave you to guess which two !
Next season on MakingAMurderer : The murder that "" Doesn't exist "" Netflixandkill goingtohellforthisone
& amp ; follow for a chance to win SIX Arkham Mystery Minis !
In 0:40 that walker Rick stabbed went like BRUH
THIS WEEK ON OUR PODCAST : We chat with and ' s Horror uncensored
An Absolute pleasure to photograph / @jwoodsrobinson this weekend Press Music
I'll gladly settle for Hawkeyes
Metal Rear Solid : Butts of Liberty : PutButtsInAVideoGameTitle
First a Boxing Legend , Then a MMA fighter , please keep an extra eye on pro wrestlers this next week RIPAli RIPKimboSlice
1 less sleep until I get my t-shirt . I have no patience so it feels like it's taking forever
Prepare for the world premiere of our new Doofy skit in mere minutes !
The Dave and Creech Show has a Brand New Design Available as a shirt or a hoodie ! Available for
Check me out in Strip Club Massacre coming soon ! Featuring some of the most beautiful and
What an amazing performance by in PricelessTheMovie . His passion for the message shines through his per
Today , We are thankful for the fantastic Guests we've had on the Dave and Creech Show
Hi , Lexi ! Can't wait to see your interviews ! Maybe I'll get to meet you at Chicago ? !
Subscribe to Creech Creative's Youtube ( and Screenshot ) to see Lexi's interview with Sunday ( 3 days b
RIP Coconut Pete . May you enjoy Pleasure Island forever more . RIPBILL RIPBillPaxton
Check out my advance review of PrisonBreak on now !
Without George A . Romero , there is no Walking Dead . His inspiration cannot be overstated . He started it all , so many oth
NEW - - > Cum Farms and Doo-Da-Donamy ! ! CumFarms Sexbots Equality StrangerThings TheGifted Pod
STATSHOT : Most Common Food Allergies
Don't be stubborn ! Take it easy fool !
The reason Weird Al's new album is so popular is that the songs are way better than the originals .
Doing research on neurological exams at work and found this . First acting job ?
The Monster Mania haul . Note signed Argento , Romero signed posters . MonsterMania horroraddict
What are the chances of talking with ?
Movie of the evening : Roar . roar olivefilms
Struggle is real . Where is that season 3 Rick and Morty ? ! rickandmorty struggleisreal
Our government is running like a well-oiled Charlie Sheen .
Someone just asked me who manages this account for me ? Fuck that ! This is me . My entire film "" company "" is just me . No overhead
Hey Bannon - don't let the door hit ya on your way out !
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't loving revisiting this band . HIM lovemetal
Practicing Prayer that Works lesson , having a fun time alone in my office . I so love talking about personal profound intimate prayer .
Found you through I am going to learn a lot from your tweets . Love your links and info . THANKS
Trying to keep up with ' s fabulous tips from BEA on Social Media . Gonna have to leave her page open all day
My book is full of Pennebaker . I started with his research in psych and then branched out into brain wave and cell biology
Gosh , "" inner directed growth "" sure sounds like writing down your soul . Maybe Jupiter is ALWAYS retrograde for me !
You are so right . Ideas are such ephemeral things . You swear you'll remember and you don't ! I have paper everywhere .
Yes , I have a strong feeling this is not CS Lewis . Will research . But really who cares who said it . it's just true !
But then the BEST things happen when we leap - - blindly leap . It's just so scary on the precipice .
You're right , both dreadful . I observed both an ex-husband and close friend destroyed by benzos so I do get on my soapbox
New Yorkers please help . I'm speaking in Nyack next mo . Do I fly into JFK and take a train ? ? How do I get to Nyack ? THANKS
Great feedback from groups who write while listening to Solarzar's theta music . Can't keep them in stock . Will announce new shipment soon
Do you know your Guardian Angel's name ? I asked at an angel reading . Was given the name I always use when I make up a feminine name .
It's more than journaling . It's not automatic writing ; it's something totally different . ...
Go deep inside . Seek knowledge while knowing that all of the answers to all of the questions are already inside of y ...
Life will absolutely unfold when you write every day for 30 days ! One AIC degree comin ' up !
The Soul-Directed Life - Karen Clark : Sacred Songs of Hildegard , Gregorian , Eighth-Century china and Gary Snyder
My guests in December will help us heed "" the call to listen to the angels ""
New live course beginning June 16 ~ Why Did I Come ? ~ Walk a Sacred Spiral Path to Your Soul's Divine Purpose
Yesterday on The Soul-Directed Life ~ Rabbi Rami Shapiro , and ' Embracing the Divine Feminine ' .
The Soul-Directed Life is going LIVE right now ~ Join us !
Who are your teachers ? Do you know ? Do you notice ? How do you recognize your teachers ?
Last Thursday on The Soul-Directed Life - An inclusive archetypal ideology that encompasses ALL women . -
An extraordinary conversation with William Keepin on The Soul-Directed Life ! Listen here :
Another amazing conversation last Thursday on The Soul-Directed Life ! You can listen here :
A glorious conversation on The Soul-Directed Life ~ Jacqueline Freeman and the song of bees !
Disney , Harvey Weinstein Teaming Up for ' Artemis Fowl ' via
I always TravelForAdventure . Its my chance to push my limits and discover new things !
Chill out , positive #Liveme Its Rocky :
Chilling CoinDrop #Liveme Dan C :
Fried Chicken Salad Enjoy crispy , moist fried chicken guilt free on a bed of greens with buttermilk dressing .
These Brownie Ice Cream Sandwiches are SOOOO bomb !
Homemade Snickers Bars You'll never be hangry again with homemade Snickers . RECIPE :
Candy-Inspired Oatmeal 3 Ways Candy for breakfast ? ! Never . But we can pretend with these healthy oatmeal bowls .
From caramel french toast to gooey cheese fondue , let the One Top do the cooking . Order yours today here :
Change up your morning pastry with these nutty German hazelnut combs topped with a sweet glaze . RECIPE :
Crispy Rice Salad with Lemongrass Chicken For a zesty , filling salad packed with flavor , you can't go wrong with crispy ric
Homemade Taco Bell Crunch Wrap Supreme
"" @fatamypost : All the time
Having their parents buy them a really expensive camera and then thinking they're a photographer
I hope you think of me
Giving Chase a bath before sending him off to lala land B - )
Why can't I get into the show "" Single Ladies "" ?
Just saw when you were on Wendy you look so awesome and happy ... Congrats
Wishing that I had little boobies so that I could go without wearing a bra ... just wishful thinking !
yes I can't stand those hash tags ! ! !
Glad I dodged that bullet .... All good thing must come to an end right ! ? Ummm
Riding to work bumping Ice Cube instead of Kidz Bop ..... today is indeed gonna be a GOOD day ! ! ! ! !
me and went through 43 water bottles in a week
dis freak up in graeter's
Throw some ' s on that bech
..... and then Olive and I got yelled at for talking in class mrstrunchbullstrikesagain
someone's a little obsessed traewhodoesntfollowme
Finding selfies of on my phone > watching Adam Hren's antics last night >
wut is with the new twitter pic weurd
I like cannolis a lot too and I didn't know that existed
not ashamed to say I've finished 2 seasons in about 3 weeks
me trying to snap a pic with Nick Lachey whoops
never again introducing ourselves to lifeguards at doba
forgot what having energy feels like ... it'll all be worth it when we get our perfect little delta babies in a week !
when does fazoli's open help
LOL thanks Ashley ! ! !
"" I could live with your old iPhone 3 ... "" "" It doesn't have a selfie camera "" "" damn it ""
story time with the girls
The Men of March on Calipari is so cool
If I never saw snow again I think I'd be perfectly okay with that
could you be any more perfect
can I go to school in Florida now plz
HBD to my cousin / sista ! You are beautiful inside and out have the best day - let's celebrate in lex !
Happy birthday Hope it's as fabulous as you
I just remembered the week my life was consumed by adnan and hae
This UK student's diagnosis led to a life of service & amp ; presidential recognition : seeblue
I like Star TREK , does that help ? ?
I'm sorry , but this is so shady .
Apparently , it is FOUR DEGREES ( - 16C ) outside here in NYC . * looks outside * * looks harder *
Def disagree with the commentary on reclaiming "" queer . "" I aggressively reclaim that word .
They seem to have allowed the enormous Borg ship to self-destruct very close to Earth . Somehow there were no ill effects . science
Maybe transphobia tw for that last tweet ?
Everyone's carefully avoiding the phrase "" Borg on board , "" probably because they couldn't say it with a straight face . EmilyWatchesTNG
The tutorial made me implement a policy , so now we have citizenship tests . Okay . EmilyPlaysDemocracy 3
20 minutes in , we get Taystee's first Harry Potter reference . OITNBSeason 3
Awesome ! Thank you !
No triple digits yet , but I see some 99F days in the forecast ... itstoohot
She's so beautiful it makes me want to weep .
"" I'm not being apprehensive , Tuvok , I'm just nervous as hell . "" Same , B'Elanna . EmilyWatchesVOY
I just go to the other on-campus starbucks
Good news , someone at work busted out their label maker and put PLEASE KNOCK on the bathroom door . I love you , mystery labeler .
Last episode of EmilyWatchesDS 9 ...
was the answer "" hell yes , please do "" ?
Fruit cups are always 50 % honeydew and it's time we put a stop to it . ENDHONEYDEWCULTURE
Having a sea breeze tonight in honor of Captain Julius Valentine Baxter .
I lost track of how many Hamilton has won so far , help ? ?
this account & amp ; particularly this tweet may interest you ,
I love this ( also I have a physics degree so if this is a real question hmu )
y'all , just endorsed HRC :
America sliding into Election Day weekend like
Maybe 2016 is the year a lot of heroes were born and we don't know yet .
like , I was kissing a straight boy a few weeks ago who GOT UP & amp ; BROUGHT ME A TISSUE to wipe off my lipstick ! !
I think I just got cat-called in the form of "" Roll Tide "" ? ? This is my uniform , sir . Nick Saban would be disappointed in you .
Help ? I'm not getting any signal , just static
Yooooooo this could be an outlier but it's extremely encouraging :
Looking forward to the why jury duty is important informercial
Name a more iconic duo .
This isn't great so far
The game isn't played on a console , it is played in Excel .
I always thought Dana was Homeland's nadir but nope , Quinn as a monkey is the new winner .
Kind of a bummer they are ruining Forslund by having Pierre work with him .
The only thing that can comfort Bruce Boudreau right now is the knowledge that he didn't lose a Game 7 this year .
Hampus should have shoved Talbot into the net , it would have counted .
I hope Jay Woodcroft gets fired mid game
Kessel just needed a nap
People can stop bitching about a Cuphead release date finally .
Pretty sure I burned my arm on the side of the car hanging it out the window
You have a BIOS update do you wish to download and install ? Yep R U SURE IT WILL WORK ON THIS MACHINE ? Um you fucking rec'd it computer
What the fuck is a Gezey
delete your save and start over
That road map looks fake as hell but part of me wants to believe in a Crimson Skies reboot .
Ted Cruz not only removed his like from the porn tweet , he put the cum back in his body
Seriously , throw this scripted 15 out and never let it see the light of day again .
I give it 2 more games before OMG we need more grit .
Can Virgil Green play RT , asking for me
but the children and beat writers
Good to have ES back
Pretty solid drive by SC there
I picture Crabtree chains mounted in Aqib Talib's den like elk heads
Keep that heat down there
I'm at Jersey Mike's Subs - ( South Riding , VA )
How Tobin Seven prepares for Lead Generation :
A eulogy for the quintessentially-American station wagon
Mortgage Rates Hover Near Yearly Lows
10 Old School Southern Rules to Abide By in the Present via
Happy Veteran's Day ! via
Dish Network Dumps Fox News And Fox Business ; Conservatives Respond With DumpDish - via
Lt . Col . Robert Hite of ' Doolittle Tokyo Raiders ' dead at 95 via
FIRE YOUR LANDLORD ! Stop paying his mortgage and invest in your own , learn how to lower your taxes ! Free , FIRST ...
I posted 2 photos on Facebook
Celebrating Thanksgiving Aboard the International Space Station
NASA Highlights Science on Next Resupply Mission to International Space Station via NASA
Cassini to Begin Final Five Orbits Around Saturn via NASA
Mortgage Rates Take a Leap This Week
States prepare to shut down childrens health programs if Congress doesnt act
Okay let's do a viral video of DoTheWedgie . Ha ! Ha !
This is going to be HUGE . Tune in to ABC tonight at 9 |8 c | 7m for the cant-miss live TV event . RisingStar
Soooooo excited right now ! Watching SYTYCD live ! ! ! ! Congrats in the 200th show !
Ask yourself : Do you want the government to know what meds you take ? Do you want 26,000 MO people to have access ? That's w
We want to follow some special fans who LOVE Gwen & amp ; Pharrell . RETWEET this tweet if youre so happy to WelcomeGwenAndPhar
SYTYCD announced season 12 will air ! This year , 10 hip hop / street style + 10 technical style dancers will be chosen
Despite the lack of battles fought within the state , more than half of all those killed in action during the War of 1812
Space : NGC 6872 , probably one of the largest spiral galaxy ever discovered via
I've harvested 374 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 77 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 424 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 280 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I have Totem of Competition on my island ! Now my island is even more awesome ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
Halloween AND 40th anniversary of rockyhorrorpictureshow in one week ? ? ? Had to pull this memory
I've collected 9,810 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
Breakups are hard to deal with because the body and mind goes through withdrawal - - Like drug addiction , we become addicte
I've collected 1,530 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I have Quarry on my island ! Now my island is even more awesome ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I have Cottage on my island ! Now my island is even more awesome ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
that would be an amazing match ! I love the idea !
I've collected 5,180 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 125 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 3,880 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 224 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 933 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 30 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
Reminder : The weather will be nice for the next several days , so watch out for motorcyclists . sharetheroad besafe
Thank God , is talking and moving . He still needs all these positive vibes . WWE
Road Work : Sidewalk / pavement work underway Bannister Rd . Pay attention in work zone . Info - - >
Waiting to see what comes next ... cancersucks pinkarmy spinalstenosis spoonie
Dave Tull - free jazz clinic / performance by Chuck Mangione's drummer / vocalist -
Jazz About Town , Aug . 16 , 2010 -
Doug Davis , Rick Lincoln at Imbibe with special guest Aaron Mitchell
just saw your tweet - refresh me - rush what ?
Darren Gholston at The Nile Theater tonight via
Sherry Williams & amp ; BJW giving FREE clinic / concert tonight , Aug . 17
Jazz About Town , Dec . 19 , 2011
? ? ? ? ? ? WTF ? ? ? ? ? friggin cellphones ...
Just learned that Hines Ward was a zombie on Walking Dead premiere tonight .
"" Indeed , there is not a single scientific body of national or international standing with a dissenting statement . ""
No , I didn't just make this up !
Truck performance tuning firm fined $ 1 million by ARB for selling illegal parts via
Hey , , No one here can access the Yahoo login menu for email from a desktop or laptop pc . All we get is a timeout menu .
ARB rejects VW recall plans as inadequate , issues NOV instead via
Visit my blog , leave a comment , Thanks in advance ! smog , #environmental , #climatechange , #globalwarming , #pollution ,
YEH BABY ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Feel free to retweet , supportscience , @EPAregion9 , @epa , @AltNatParkSer , @NatParksBlog
Swarmy is the description I think , no ?
I think I can take him . It's all about matchups ! ! ! ;-)
That guy who looks like me had something to say today ! From his new photo album : "" Isn't there ANYONE in ...
Any of my musician friends looking for a steady gig with benefits ? Check out this job at Wonderful Citrus : ...
Summer is upon us ! Protect your skin ! !
check this out before you try on that Halloween wig !
FWS is collecting comments before proposing a rule to categorize the leopards of sub-Saharan Africa as Endangered .
Save Turtles From Deadly Oil Spill
Dont Host Circus That Uses Barbaric Animal Stunts
Help me support this campaign from
Sign the Wolf Recovery Statement standforwolves via
Help stop baby sea turtles from dying - Sign the Petition ! via
Urge Carson & amp ; Barnes Circus to End All Cruel Animal Acts !
Jordan World Circus Needs to Drop Its Cruel Animal Acts !
Stop the Cruelty at the Rowell Ranch Rodeo
Ask Congress to Outlaw Dog and Cat Meat in the U . S . via
Chevron , Pull Your Support From TAMU While Dogs Suffer There
Thanks to PETA , 1 Hotels Drops Cruelty , Commits to Down-Free Bedding
Florida and 31 other State Governments : Outlaw hog dog hunting / fighting in the wild . - Sign the Petit ... via
Two Tigers Rescued from Deplorable Roadside Zoo after PETA Complaint
Do Not Return Cows to Farmer Charged With Neglect
Demand Coca-Cola Stop Sponsoring Deadly Animal Cruelty
Join doctors and supporters in urging to EndAnimalLabs by making the SwitchToSimulation -
Will you help us get the PACT act passed ? PACTAct ( via
End Animal Exploitation at Fairs
Save Dolphins From Drowning in Drift Nets
Justice for Cat Horribly Mutilated and Killed
Dont Let Trump Destroy Alaskas Wilderness
Stop Japan From Slaughtering Whales for Research
Protect pronghorn : speak out to stop methane pollution from oil and gas operations !
President Widodo , Shut down the Bandung Zoo now ! - Sign the Petition ! via
Shut Down Ranch That Slaughters Endangered Species
Help Puerto Rico Hurricane Victims Evacuate With Their Pets
Dog Burned With Scalding Hot Water Reportedly by Boyfriend Deserves Justice
Urge Texas A & amp ; M University to Close Dog Laboratories
Stop Poachers from Killing Elephants for Their Skins
Stop Destroying Rain Forests Home to Endangered Tigers
I introduced u lol so I loved her first
Chicago Think Like a Man Too Premier
releases second video teaser featuring and keepwatching loveisreal
Do you know who are awesome ? My 4 new followers in the last week ! Growing with
Check this video out - - Flip fail via
Q : What's the best thing that has happened t ... A : going to mickey d's to smash some burgers ... :
Getting ready for bed . Ready to be with my fianc tomorrow night :) trying to work on getting my first single out on iTunes ! Any help ?
I liked a video Eric church drink in my hand
sweet ! I'm prolly about to get off base for a bit or something . It's my weekend off from work
I favorited a video from 28 Geeks Later - Zombie Short Film
I favorited a video The Walking Dead - Zombie film
I posted a new photo to Facebook
I bought candy for Halloween , but they never reached the bowls . Lol I ate it all
3 ( ' ' )
3 ( ' ' )
Little Nemo : The Dream Master ( )
SoTellMeWhy I cant get u outta my head . Ur no good for me .
Watching Freddie Jackson on Unsung
ImNotLooking For a perfect relationship . I just want someone who I can act silly with and be myself around them .
I just entered this NaturallyCurly giveaway to win curlyhair prizes ! It's easy , click here :
I just entered this NaturallyCurly giveaway to win curlyhair prizes ! It's easy , click here :
I just entered the giveaway ! Try 4 FREE ! relaxedhair naturalhair transitioninghair
It's hard to really move on when you're yet to understand why you broke up in the first place
Lol sometimes akere ? phumakim
Time is running out to purchase an engraved brick to be a part of the R Club Memorial at the Summer Street ...
Funeral services are scheduled this afternoon for Cecil Raymond Keezel . Summers , Kirby & amp ; Sanders Funeral Home has ...
The Russellville Lady Panthers beat Metcalfe County for their seventh straight softball win before a loss to ...
Sarah Fox , an often-honored graduate of Russellville High School , has received one of her most impressive awards ...
After being named Fourth Region Player of the Year , Kentucky Gatorade Player of the Year , first-team All-State , ...
A group of math and science teachers in the Logan County School System spent a week getting practical experience ...
It takes courage to fry okra when you don't know if you like okra and you have an inborn fear of frying . It also ...
WKU is emphasizing scholarships awarded to community college graduates . See the story on The LoJo at ...
It's pretty certain that most of the plays in tonight's Campbellsville-at-Russellville football playoff game will ...
Nine former star athletes and winning coaches have been named to the second class of the Cougar Athletic ...
Logan County Schools will be dimissed again Thursday because of weather , WRUS reports .
Even though his team is loaded with experienced pitchers , freshman Caleb Bruner of Logan County was called on to ...
An eight-week Spanish Class offered by Community Educationwill assist students in learning the basics of ...
From Donna Wilkerson : There will be a silent auction & amp ; Italian dinner at Russellville Middle School on Tuesday , ...
Tammy Tinsley has been named executive director of the Logan County Chamber of Commerce . See the story on The ...
Director Penni Nugent has announced this fall's Community Education course offerings in Russellville along with ...
Funeral arrangements for James Thomas have been announced by Summers , Kirby & amp ; Sanders Funeral Home . See them on ...
The Logan County Archery team will hold an organizational meeting on Tuesday , Nov . 15 at 6 p . m . in the LCHS ...
The Logan County Cougars hit six 3 - pointers in the third quarter to turn a close game into an LCHS district win ...
The Russellville Academic Team won the District Governor's Cup championship Saturday . Both Russellville and Logan ...
Matt Tipton was important in many people's lives during his almost half century teaching and coaching in ...
Central Hardin Choir getting us started today .
Logan County grad Lauren Burnett finishes 7th in women's discus for Campbellsville at UCC Invitational .
"" The Jungle Book - for Kids "" will be this summer's Russellville Arts Council Youth Drama Camp production for kids ...
An obituary has been released for Alice Marie Gower of Lewisburg has been announced by Price Funeral Home . See it ...
Logan County High Principal Caycee Spears talks about what is coming up at the school in his weekly column on The ...
Funeral arrangements for 90 - year-old Anna Lee Wren have been announced by Summers , Kirby & amp ; Sanders Funeral Home ....
Hitting 11 free throws in the final two minutes of the game , the Logan County Cougars handed Todd Central its ...
I love listening to British makeup artist talk 100thingsaboutme
PJs Chinese takeout Husband ... all needed for a chill friday night
Jason Bateman and Wife Bringing on Baby No . 2
Peace . Love . Glam . : Makeup and Moscato . .... NEW BLOG POST .
Bonus Jonas ! Bought a CD of Halloween music !
Tom Everett Scott is such a dapper fella .
"" Believe it or not that's not the first time someone's broken my feelings stick ... I have a travel size "" NewGirl .
"" I put a spell on you "" was my fave set VSFashionShow
HungerGames Exclusive : See designer sketches of Katniss ' fire dress & tell us : Which one is your favorite ? ...
You know you're a stylist when "" you get excited over a color wheel ""
Tony Vincent singing "" Faithfully "" gave me the goosebumps thevoice
It's totally cliche but I had one of those dreams last night where u wake up & amp ; are like CRAP bc the situation in your dream is not reality .
311 vacay begins ! ! ! !
looks stunning on the vma red carpet .
My chill day turned into quite the little whirlwind . Jesusismyhomeboy
Check out KateMiddleton's maternity style evolution :
Bless for livetweeting the VMAs with us . * drops the mic * WE OUT .
I love when the nfl wears their pink for breast cancer awareness .
Get ready for Jennifer Lawrence season :
Fact : it's usually at bedtime I suddenly come up with 3564467 8 new brilliant ideas that I feel the need to promptly carry out .
Young the Giant's acoustic set earlier tonight was oh so rad . Sameer's voice is straight from a dream . Getting to meet them was icing .
did I just briefly see you on a Gilmore Girls rerun ? With a perm ? ! !
There are millions of dogs just like them waiting to be loved right now . AdoptAShelterDogMonth
Hope everyone had a very , merry blessed Christmas , full of love and merriment
Anyone else think it was Lauren B on the phone ? ! ! JoJoVsLaurenB TheBachelor TheBachelorChat ETRose
ontheblog : Kate Hudson at the Harmonist cocktail party during Cannes Cannes 2016 fashion style blog
Okay , I can't even make eye contact with tv screen Robby right now . His overly sweet spiel is turning my stomach TheBachelorette
I love a great Mac ' n cheese ! Pile on cheese and a buttery breadcrumb topping and go Gluten Free w BarillaGlutenFree GotItFree
WHAT ? He sent Rachel home ? THeBachelor
Review : Marc Jacobs Eye-conic Palette
You better believe I'm livin for the moment but my moment's growin ' bigger by and by -
Photo : stunningpicture : submitted by
feelings about your opinion ? Sorry to me yes logic comes first , but opinions naturally make me feel certain ways .
Well , all walks of life have those fringe peeps that make up stuff for whatever reason , but I'm sure a lot of us would be
( half the ) town blaming the vic for ruining their football team , like THAT's the important thing . So that's why I'm with the whole
Banning books is the beginning of the end of civilization .
gamergate has decided to double down on their long-loved tactics of lying & amp ; character assassination , apparently .
anti-feminism or feminism when clearly , it was a flub on his part . I don't get the crazy reactions from either side . Let it go .
a hermit . I don't like talking to or seeing ppl irl , I don't like leaving the house , etc . It's pathetic really .
I don't condone . May I ask ... if I see ppl in an anti-GGers stance harassing ppl , I will unfollow them b / c I won't be
So this peep followed me , I go to their feed , go to like a post and follow , and I'm blocked ... Never talked to this person wtf ?
replacement TV coming in the morning , it's almost 3am , it's going to be .... ugh lol .
instead of just being true to how I personally feel .
> life , you might feel as though all white people are racist due to your personal experience . It's not a
My nephew had it on his FB , I hadn't even heard about it , which is just as frightening considering what they're trying to do here .
I was supportive always of ethics in game journo but was leaning anti-GG due to things I had read in the media . It bothered me to think of >
Now following 5 , does this thing automatically hit you or does it take awhile ? One of those ppl I >
P . S . - Time Warner Cable - If u fuck this up like last week I'm coming 4 u . thetalkingdead TheWalkingDead timewarner
Thanks rewined for my mimosa candle ! ! ! I love it ! ! ! rewinedmimosa
ACA Solutions with and oneplace 2014
CHS is the best city ! Having . Blast at the oneplace 2014 summit .
oneplace 2014 the new branding look on the Message Center is crisp and clean
takes the stage to talk Benefit Informatics and our 8Q roadmap . oneplace 2014
Powerful community making ideas reality for all we serve . Better ideas . Better information . Better decisions . Better liv
I feel as tho games may or may not be rigged
and i just got weak for no reason . lmao .
that awkward moment when you've had a runny nose all semester and you have to blow your nose in every single class . in the same classroom .
i really don't wanna go to the rec buut i've been doing so good ...
I miss the old lil wayne
Wish i woulda layed out more this SB i did today for an hour today and got some nice color .
lol idk ! there may still be some there ? did you walk through it ?
Ive been up for 29 hours straight ... geez the joy of procrastination
Seen someeone at styx but he too good to say hello
The cake my aunt made me for my grad partayyy :)
ay tengo que resistir . no se lo que paso :(
Did my first 2 home visits today and I know I'm gonna love my summer job
lol it was too much i had to change it . lol . to some aventura :)
Bout to go play softball . welp it's been what .... almost 10 years since I played last ...
Bands a make ha dance .
Call me crazy , shit at least you calling . Feels better when you let it dont it girl . I know its easy to get caught up in the moment
Total domination juniortackle 18 defense
The only thing iPhone has over android phones are the emojis . Can google please get on that ? Lol .
umm never because I'm pretty sure I'm marrying him next weekend ... sorry I thought I had sent you an invite ? Lol
but I was just starting to remind you of who I really am * in my Kelly Clarkson voice *
water balloon fights are the best lol
I got butterflies ... over a picture smh . Lol
I need to redo my nails * sigh * girlprobs
No thanks to my heightened sense of smell
hey do you know if the grapes sold out at finish line here in Peru ?
Falsies mascara has always been my favorite . selfie 2moreweekstilduedate
hey chica sorry I missed your game but I now have Tuesday night classes , Mon and wed too . When is your next thurs home game
My son just wiped his potato-chip-greased hands on my shirt and walked away .
I added a video to a playlist Pau D'arco Bark , An Immune Enhancing Herbal Antibiotic
I added a video to a playlist MLG EXPLODING COW NO SCOPE ( Minecraft Animation )
I am perfect because IamBeautiful me and no one can change that .
I like it how just tweeted that he haven't seen Independence Day and telling him not to tell his dad :D
codyjakeustream goldcoastfinest What are you doing for your birthday ?
Please RT : Setting a world record for leggo
if it was my birthday , would you follow me ?
What did u guys think ? ? I do this for y'all . mybeliebers i love u . Thank u ! ! !
votebieber votebieber votebieber votebieber votebieber votebieber votebieber votebieber votebieber votebieber
That happens to me everytime I hear Baby LOL
what a cool performance ! ! Love you dance moves & amp ; your music ! Totally buying paradise today ! BELIVEtour 8
Already pre-order ' s new album Paradise Less than 12 hours !
I don't know what today meant to you , but for me it was one of those days I wish I could put on repeat .
What about youtube ? You can do a live video there :)
2014In5Words It was so f * * king perfect
Royalty about to give the phone out live now !
They turn they back and they leave you just know that they gone be back as soon as they need you
has acted . Your turn , Call TransBillMA for a vote !
Juan Chavez-Martinez , 25 .
If really wants to DisarmHate , he'd promote these bills , not weak substitutes . NoPublicityStunt
Every person is a big deal . Every breath is a big deal . This whole life thing is a big deal .
Say NO to discrimination against LGBT people , women & amp ; religion in the NDAA . Tell Congress to RejectRussell Amendment ! h
You and keep using that word dishonest . I do not think it means what you think it means ...
My Jewishness is "" constructed "" around my ethnicity ? I think my non-Jewish Chinese / Taiwanese parents would be really
Attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions opposed marriage equality . We're not going back . AskSessions htt
Try this for pithy : "" I was completely out of line and I'm sorry "" only takes 42 characters .
My qn : people just lost their visas thanks to How do they get them back ? Asking for lots of friends .
Anyone else feel like the universe is trying to make up for eight scandal-free years all at once ?
. @BetsyDeVosED , for the love of God , have someone at look up Jim Crow and explain it to you . Segregation N
Postcard I used is the "" equal rights pizza "" one from
Fed govt can't force cities / states to carry out fed admin policy . Police depts decide how to do job , spend $ . Basic 10th
Tell Congress to Expand Social Security . Keep the promise we made to our seniors .
I promise to be the adult now that we needed in our lives back then . "" Daniel Bahner's letter to his younger selves : ht
Happy NationalTeachersDay to all the educators out there ! We love you
Clarification : Updates show no evidence these visas have been denied . ( BUT : no evidence they '
You're wrong KatieHere's proof . Retweet if you want to hear from AND want to delete her account . Lon
. @VP is right . Retweet to tell to let the American public see Trumpcare ! ShowUsTheBill !
ISupportNPR and the people who work there .
Poor WH staffers ... do they need a safe space away from the big bad scary forms ?
You know it doesn't count unless actually says the words himself , right ? Because it doesn't . It ju
Thread for those who want to help re : Harvey .
In the spirit of refusing to DontPostponeJoy , just ordered tickets for when it comes to Boston . Can't wait !
3.4 million American citizens woke up this morning without electricity . Most of them have no drinkable water . But yeah , this .
Tell the administration what you think add your public comment before it's too late .
Oh , you have nooooooo idea ...
According to under the GOP tax plan : * 76 million households get NOTHING or a tax HIKE * 700,000 mi
if you don't want people to die of preventable diseases .
We're calling on to immediately comment on the reported censorship of 2018 budget documents . to join us ! CDC 7wor
Im not a huge driscoll fan , never have been , but I think people are being too hard on him . He apologized , it was ancient & amp ; not even that bad !
I don't care about super hero movies anymore . At least not Marvel or DC . Do something else , Hollywood .
Boycott Ulta cuz of that one lady
Conservatives : Abortion is murder ! Every life is precious ! Also conservatives : Fuck your sick baby that's not my proble
' Carbs are bad for you ' Me :
Need to go tanning to keep up with my cute freckles but don't wanna walk across my apt complex in the rain / drive a whole 30 seconds
The Royal Tenenbaums , The Prince of Egypt , and HP and the Prisoner of Azkaban
I don't need any I was a multi billionaire
Prompto , Terra , Revy ... I had two more wigs I was planning on ordering ? ? ? Wtf I can't remembwr
So I just kept shoving Reese's pieces in my mouth during emotional moments to distract my tear ducts lol
I'm gonna watch Kill la Kill again
Netflix is so glitched rn it has Blue is the Warmest Color under "" Family and Children Movies "" and Inuyasha under "" Futuristic Sci-Fi ""
And it's sooo expensive . The dealers hall is amazing but many of the panels cost extra so I basically spend $ 100 just to go spend more there
Not to sound ugly but how do ppl watch English dubs that aren't FMA , Naruto , Black Lagoon , FT , Inuyasha ? Those are p much the only good ones
Neighbors were playing Free Bird outside loudly and I took a shower and when I got out Free Bird was sTILL PLAYING
chocobros group chat gladio : sup ignis : hello noct : hey prompto : what the cluck is up everybirdy
I also want Lance to give Keith a hug ya feel ? ? ?
WENT * ugh when will you let us edit tweets
OKAY the clouds actually broke up for a minute and I saw a lil bit of the eclipse ! !
sorry the old zuko can't come to the phone right now ... why ? because he found friendship , love and the best redemption ar
ted cruz liking porn on twitter on 9/11 is wild there's literally no way we don't live in the matrix
My dog is so anxious today and I can't do anything about it and it's annoying and Really stressful
Hi Rep . Trent Franks . Im a researcher and abortion provider . This isnt actual science . Id be happy to educate you about
My secret weapon for combatting Youtubes latest algorithm change .
this golf cart shoot was something out of a surreal dream , y'all . ( better pictures probably exist , but like ... Y'ALL . )
I wish depression was an actual person so I could deal with it the same way everyone does in 2017 Vague social media
Yeah sex is great and all but have u seen season 2 episode 10 of bnha where midoriya convinces todoroki his power is his own
Twitter do your thing . Identify these people they were calling my 5 year old cousin a terrorist . Thanks
cowboymouth may have just become my new favorite band ever . Summerfest
Im a freaking supermodel !
Gasp , an hour !
Listeing to Nylon's end of the year mixtape while readng Nylon & talking to one of the sweetest guys i know
Milk chocolate Reese's peanut butter cup .
"" You are exactly who you choose , you're only lying to you . ""
Last night I met Zach Woods This night I learned I can forget how to say "" Hi , my name is Lauren "" Smooth .
I know right ? Thanks :)
I wrote a whole bunch of , I guess they would be , short stories ? today . Or just thoughts . I wrote out my random thoughts . Might post them .
yaaaaassss gurl , get it !
Best Female eating disorder storyline Retweet for Emma Favorite for Katie
I just entered a swagstakes to win $ 2,000 Gift Card for free from
So defend yourself against anyone who lies about you !
I do believe my account was hacked again !
Greatest Terry clip ever . Apologies for the ad .
EyeCandy on is too good .. #favnewshow
Omg i miss Band and Choir .. I still love Korn FreakOnALeash is my Jam .. lol . i miss us takin pics every 5 seconds .. lol
my spring break body be like
I liked a video Bon Qui Qui at King Burger ( clean )
I liked a video The Cardigans - Erase and Rewind ( With Lyrics )
PLZ Rt : How to make money online * Real * Paypal Amazon via
I liked a video Nightmare on Elm street 1-6 Running from this nightmare-Tuesday Knight
I liked a video Spice Girls & amp ; Elton John Dont Go Breaking My Heart Live ( HD )
I liked a video Worst x factor audition ever parody .
InMyAlternateReality I hae every SDCC doll and all the basic dolls !
omg who is fancy liked my video geekingout happy smile yay overjoyed arianagrande
Awesome cover of "" Break Free ( Strings & amp ; Violin ) "" via Smule : SingKaraoke
When the real bucks go app hasn't credited you for downloading apps and you gettin frustrated realbucks
I liked a video Robyn - Show Me Love
I liked a video Britney Spears - Ooh La La ( From The Smurfs 2 )
Check out "" Make Me ( No Rap ) - Spears "" on Smule : SingKaraoke
I liked a video Jermaine Stewart - We Don't Have To Take Our Clothes Off
Seriously debating if I'll ever watch another episode of this shit so rigged AllStars 2
Check out "" That's the Way Love Goes "" on Smule : SingKaraoke
KatyisOverParty dont drag mental illness and other celebs .. so RUDE and disgusting
Why country music ? ?
"" Swag > class "" - said no one ever
ABCsOfMe Z-Zebra cause I'm secretly a zebra
"" @ImThatGentleman : TipsForGuys don't lead a girl on . It's the worst thing you could do to her . "" Goes for you too ladies
Since today is a sick day I might as well have a movie day too
You're the defender of the weak , you comfort those in need . You lift us up on wings like eagles
30ThingsAboutMe I'm a very organized person
Spent the day doing yard work with the boyfriend again .
So if you don't buy a yearbook you'll end up homeless ? Ok White Knoll
ThingsISayInSchoolTheMost - When in life am I actually going to use this ? - I don't remember learning this - Is it lun
If I'm actually being polite to you , don't brush it off and come back with rude remarks .
That dateline just mad me so mad ! Like come on now
Guys , do you realize that we're royalty ? Heirs of an amazing Kingdom ? Servants to a humble Father ?
I wish my handwriting was the same everytime I wrote something .
Happy First Day of Summer ! Or , for those of you with busted A / C's , Happy Preview of Hell !
God never makes a mistake , you are wonderfully made .
I was the kid that secretly got excited when the teacher told us to read silently .
I just don't understand sometimes . We want people coming to church , but when we find out their sin , we turn them away ?
"" @in_His_eyes : God's goodness is God's willingness to use His omnipotent power on our behalf . "" AmplifyingGodsKingdom
Like seriously all we're doing is just sitting here
I want to eat fried mushrooms for every meal
InstaSize it's my main man's birthday today ! He's been here to support me and believe in me when I
this is why I'm CONSTANTLY losing faith in our government leaders .
A tshirt for $ 30 ? That's not a sale , that's a rip off !
wednesdaywisdom Fact ! does this really work ? !
I just don't even know
Making waffles for supper just so I can have the maple syrup I've been wanting all day . noshame
Damn late night poop clogged the toilet . On top of that it was a painfully pineapple feeling shit . I seriously need to fiber and veggie up
do you ever get in an "" I don't know "" phase in your life . where you literally don't have a solid answer to anything . yo
Stay true to your word
Once you're attached , you're fucked .
Sometimes I just wish that I could fast forward time , just to see if it's all worth it in the end .
Music can really dictate how you want to live .
school tomorrow has me like
BeautyAndTheBeast opens today ! I hope you have as much fun watching it as I did making it . Love , Emma
Be careful who you give your heart to . Because when you give your heart to someone , you also give them the power to hurt y
No matter how difficult a situation we are in , we must never give up . Mickey Mouse
Someone come play with my hair till I fall asleep
every girl deserves to be with someone that takes pictures of her like this
Sometimes I wish you were in my place just to know how I feel .
Why is sign of the times a banger
Y'all be careful who you trust
I cant wait to not see 99 % of the people in my school ever again
people will push you to your limits , and when you finally explode and fight back , suddenly you're the bad person
i like clingy people . i would rather have someone who blows up my phone and shows that they care than someone who texts b
Why you take the photo in that angle got me looking like megamind I'm crying
When people play victim in a situation they created .
people don't understand the damage that they have done .
Its gon hit you .. watch
Girls get jealous because they know what other girls are capable of doing
Aye this the truest shit ever lol and then mfs be having the nerve to look at you like they aint the mfs annoying you
Been irritated since last night .
This bracelet is so beautiful I want it :(
Thank you to everyone who prayed for my little brotherToday he lost his battle against cancerBut he was very strong and
Handing out toys to all the cute kiddos this morning
Great news ! who contested 2016 D primary v endorses him for 2018 primary v
Yates ' testimony was largely known info , as expected . But POTUS ' reaction shows why we need a MarchForTruth and POTU
The advice of someone who believes bcs he is male he's good at math . He clearly has no idea what he is talking about in this ar
Weiner : "" I am committed to making amends to all those I harmed . "" Really ? All 320 million of us now living under the Amber F
That's almost as horrible as the way collaborates with NYSSenate Repugs and the infernal IDC . NOIDCNY
Sergey Kislyak must be incredibly boring . Six members of Trump's team met with him then "" forgot "" about it on their secur
marchfortruth now in Foley Square ! nyc nyindivisible
That's what they did , knowing full well that doing so would empower the Repugs . Dusgusting traitors ! NOIDCNY
Yeah , Candice . And what about the DREAM Act ? And what about RHA ? NOIDCNY IDCRESIST
We'd love to see a statement from our Governor and Secretary of State . and will you protect NY vo
As snother former prosecutor , so very true . DUMPTRUMP IMPEACH 45 RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA 25THAMENDMENT
Really This is already a crime . What don't you put your energy into getting the RHA 2 the floor 4 a v
Trump and Conway want you to believe Mueller has a conflict of interest becaus
I think in light of Reince Priebus this cartoon deserves a reposting Priebus
Following like CRAZY ! NOIDCNY
What about the work done to promote the racist Trump and to try to undermine the health of her cons
NY voters deserve the same common sense reforms that have advanced in Illinois and across the country . It's time to pas
What are you doing No Dream Act and now DACA repealed . IDC = GOP BadChoices wrongsideofhistory noidcny
Your constituents are watching you deprive them of health care . Watching you like crazy
If you don't like Republican insults to hardworking taxpayers , stop taking Republican money to prop up their scam and keep the
ALLLLLL RIIIIIIIIIIIIISE ! ! ! ! ! ! 3 - RUN SHOT FOR AARON JAMES JUDGE AND THIS PLACE IS LOUDDDDDDD !
What an amazing group effort ! The fight continues & amp ; getting involved = easy .
Washington State's version of the IDC appears to have been wiped out . 2018 is going to be very interesting in New York
is a 365.25 Day a Year Fool . NOIDCNY IDCRESIST
Only acceptable deal is as sole leader and special elections asap donewiththeIDC nofakedems noidcny htt
Intramural disputes ? Unify ? Arent you kinda late to the party , NYers dont want even former IDC members wi
Ivanka : Theres a special place in hell for people who prey on children . Its called the Senate GOP Conferen
Let's all call her office tomorrow . And Jeff Flake . And Bob Corker .
Keep me updated on the salesss sis
This is such a good mindset . If you worry so much about what negative things people have to say , it
Omgggg Tarteeeeee I love a good gloss how you know Ive been in a gloss MOOD They read your mind Cuties
My one failure in life
Okay but this is a fuckin game lash game changer ... people who are allergic to lash extensions can finally get them with th
Glitter is my weaknesss . If you could cover my face in glitter and work some magic my heart is SOLD .
A corny joke ... get it ?
I'll stop you right there ...
Pizzaaaaa can I come over ?
THESE ARE SO ADORBS . These sunnies are me grown up ! I used to have a pair just like these as a kid
I loveee this eye look
All of new lashes are sooo pretty ! ! !
This was supposed to be between us
Retweet to enter to win a $ 25 gift card ! Must be following to enter win
Me dont know if Im anybody fav butttt Im my own fav
When I finally get one Im beyond happy with Ill tag you if you want .
Holy cannoli I just learned how to really fold a fitted sheet
BEING A PEDOPHILE IS NOT A SEXUALITY BEING A PEDOPHILE IS NOT A SEXUALITY BEING A PEDOPHILE IS NOT A SEXUALITY BEING A P
Youre my hair goals . Thanks for the inspo sis you help me stay off the dye and flat iron
I am doing a Snapchat tutorial if you guys want to check it out I am using the Morphe Dare to create 39A palette here's my
PRICE DROP BOGO SALE PLUS FREE GIFTS Limited time only ! happyholidays
is so wise . Cant wait to spoil myself with some . Id gladly give her my coin .
Dragon Eye , Kehlanii , Trinity , Eye spy Code ROCIO for $ $ $ off
We reached crisis a long time ago . Time for a serious restructuring .
Agreed ! I entered the cross-disciplinary life from the other direction : math - - > expts
Oh , Christ . It's Tim--the "" pneumococcal pneumonia "" guy .
Amazing how hard it is to get ms published when your big-named mentors aren't on the author list . Earlier work was all my own too \ _ ( ) _ /
I don't doubt that !
Intl Conf on Mathematical Neuroscience : 5/30 / 17-6 / 2/17 , Boulder CO . * Submission Deadline Extended to 2/7 / 17 *
Opinion : On being an advisor to todays junior scientists
So cool to see the research of Maggie and ' s lab grow from conference to conference ! biomath 17
Please tell me it has NOTHING to do with clowns ?
You were amazing last night ! Your performance was one of the best . CMAawards
The edge out the 94-92 to win their first game of the season . Cousins led the way with 23-15 . Thornt ...
Must be nice to cheer on them on tonight , since the NBA has suspended both guys that could have slowed down Dwight .
I instantly smile when I see a text from you , I don't care what's in it . It's amazing to know I crossed your mind eve ...
My favorite part about Thanksgiving is being single and attending all the holiday dinners . NOT
I don't ever give up , some days it is just hard :) MiracleComeback ? KingsAllDay
I'm not denying that . I'm angry with the Maloofs , not Seattle or the fans there . Seattle deserves a team as well .
Everyone cheer tonight during the Sleep Train free throw game ! ! My daughter is participating ! kingsallday sleeptrain
Getting my toes painted Kings purple for the game tonight . That's what's up ! ! ! !
aaaawwee she loves you ! ! And I miss you ! !
we miss you in Sleep Train ! ! Loved seeing you at each and every game . Hope Tyreke is doing well . foreveraking
Oh my goodness . Juan Pablo has my heart . Xoxo TheBachelor ManCandyMonday Juanuary
My day just got one million times better ! ! thinmints girlscoutsrock
Yep . Me and Perry Martin , the majority owner of California Chrome ! shouldhavewon hesnottheass
Except they are the better team .
Vince Carter is WAY too old to be playing in this league . sacramentoproud
Watching from home tonight , with my Kings sweatshirt and Kings camo pajama pants . Let's go Kings ! !
BOOGIE COUSINS GETS THE ROLL AND THE WIN AT THE BUZZER !
So proud of this team ! A solid win , given the circumstances . Oh yah , I love Andre Miller .
This is how I rock my Sunday evening ! BeatIt MJonWii
What the actual hell ? Did I miss something or did ABC screw up ? Who is Ben J ?
Sometimes , all you can do is pray and cry . My heart breaks for everyone involved in the UCCShooting . Except the gunman . Burn in hell .
It's cute how excited the are to be winning in the first 3 min , when they lost by 30 + last game . NBAFinals warriors repeat
We had Sactown Royalty . They had Sonics Rising . Read the thread if you can . It's a Cold Take treasure trove : htt
The only good thing that happened at All-Star weekend is being named a finalist for the Hall of Fame .
"" The way it was done . The dishonesty . "" DeMarcus Cousins on what hurt most about the trade
Every day is a little better with some in your head .
Unexplained Fees to my account and cannot get customer service to connect on calls . So frustrating .
theres nothing like having a loaded shotgun sitting behind your head to make you remember your insurance papers and registration
Just received my April beauty box 5 , love , love , lovebyefeiliciatobirchboxitsdefinetlyyouandnotme #teambeautybox5
Truvias Spring Green Juice Cooler is awesome TruFanCommunity sponsored
The umbrella Im using for this DIY is pink eBayTeam sponsored
This vid from Natty Light is memorable NattyLightCrowd sponsored
I did not know that has been around for 50years Myah sponsored HaagenDazs
I cant wait to try this when I get home . sponsored JergensCrowd sponsored
My winter skin will be so happy and hydrated thanks to curel . CurelSkincare sponsored
Listerine Zero will make my breath smell amazing . sponsored LISTERINE
This is just like my cat burn . HillsPetCrowd ad
This anti-aging duo is something I definetly need to try . sponsored philosophy philosophycrowd
Tell us which fruits youd include in your ideal Jif Peanut Powder smoothie . TeamJif sponsored PeanutButterHappy
The trending product that I will be trying out in 72 hours is ELIZAVECCA Elizavecca Hydrogel Eye Patch
Yeah Plans this summer ? Join me on SnugglesPawesomeSummer adventure with your own Snuggle Bear ! ad
Say it with your eyes - express yourself with the Eye-Conic Eye Palette in Glambition from entry -
Linds : "" Well Staples sells staples .. We should go to Dicks to help Meghan out . "" Words of my TWELVE year old sister .
ATTN : all hopeless romantics
I'm the happiest when I'm at Warped Tour .
RIPRobinWilliams - thanks for all the laughs and the tears
EVERYONE please watch this whole video
when you're thinking about how good the Chipotle you just ate was
I need food in my mouth A $ AP Rocky .
Say hello to the newest Michael Kors employee ! ! ! ! So excited for this opportunity !
Some finals motivation for everyone .....
I forgot that Valentine's Day is a thing .
A very unfortunate wording mistake by young Meg ...
It's not that I want to go to Toads , I NEED to go to Toads .
[ rings doorbell ] "" Hello , may I talk to you about this book containing the TRUTH ? "" * hands you bible * * bible is hollow with my
SOS I'm in desperate need of lobster casserole from the FishTale .
WHEN PEOPLE BRAG ABOUT THEIR GPA LIKE STOP YOU'RE TAKING INTRO TO BUTT SCRATCHING 101 TRY TAKING REAL CLASSES
Don't worry if you've forgotten the first rule of Passive Aggressive Club , it's fine .
Fell off a golf cart , got some battle wounds , witnessed someone die ... How was your forth ? * fourth
Everyone has a fantasy , this just happens to be mine ....
did ... did a rottweiler write this
I saw a few articles saying that ... Still high key hope it was a UFO tho
Accurate depiction of how this road trip back to CT is going
I literally cannot catch a break and I just really don't know if I can take much more .
I GOT A KYLIE LIP KIT BITCHEZ
Mom says I'm a free spirit if anyone's looking to buy a really cheap spirit .
I may or may not have walked all the way to the Law School just so I could catch a Clefairy ..
Trump would have 100 % authority to launch nuclear weapons w / no oversight . If you vote for him knowing that , you are tradi
yesterday your Hadley Chipotle ran out of guac , lettuce , and ice before 8 pm .
today has def not been my day
If weed is legal in all 50 states before same sex marriage , I'm backflipping off a bride
I don't even know if I can do anything right now
when ur so basic u bring ur iced mocha to class in a mason jar
But if I go back to sleep I won't wake up early enough to be there as soon as they open
Want to binge watch ScreamQueens ? * mouths YAS ! * Let's do this :
open then swipe up to send harambe to heaven
to win : Morphe 35T must be following me
TWITTER ! ! ! ! Finals week is approaching and my math class NEEDS THESE BONUS POINTS ! ! ! PLEASE RETWEET ! ! ! EVERY POINT COUNT
Which TeamPharrell artist makes you WHOA more ? for FAVE for VoiceBattles
Yup , is still laughing at Adams impression of Blake . VoicePremiere
Mary Winchester joins the hunt on the season premiere of Supernatural , next Thursday at 9/8 c on The CW .
Easy now , fuzzy little man-peach . I've already seen the video , still very much WTF
God damn , i walk away for a few minutes and this is what I come back to . A million new tweets between you two ;)
Somewhere you definitely don't want to find a tick : In the folds of your child's ear . He handled that extremely well .. I would have freaked
Thank you ! Today is the day for everyone to have a drink in their hand :P
More like up late . I haven't even been to bed ! Serious insomnia this week
Ugh . I need to be asleep right now , not up all night with a stomachache .
Hooray , the weather has gone from death by fire to a very pleasant spring breeze . Makes me want to have a picnic !
If this side were popular , we'd be actually getting somewhere and this wouldn't be such a big deal .
I miss you both very much ! Hopefully , Zach will get the job he's applying for , we'll be closer to returning !
I've been watching it for the last like .. hour haha
There always has to be something wrong , doesn't there ? Annoyance levels through the roof right now !
I feel like you need to see this
I already told she needs to visit ! Both of you get over here and we'll go see Gilbert :)
My mom just called , told me my grandpa is in the hospital , and if he can't pull through this , this may very well be goodbye .
Now that I'm home , I'm incredibly sad my best friend had to leave . Hopefully it won't be another 2 years before I see her again .
I can tell I have a bad migraine when anything with a strong smell causes me pain and suffering . Even the smell of breakfast was terrible
Hey , Peter Capaldi , I hope you don't mind if a few million of us dig into absolutely everything you've ever done for an aft
When do you two head back home anyway ? I hope you're having an awesome time :)
Roughly 11 "" - 12 "" of hair was chopped off , and it feels lovely . I always forget how much I enjoy short hair . Bonus : less shampoo needed .
First the flakes on everything , now the powder . You are going to end up on one of those shows about crazy addictions . :)
I always rewash them . It happens at this house more than I care to admit ..
All images of Pluto from over the last 9 years in this one awesome little GIF .
Time to go live in the woods for a week !
100 % BS . I'm a fat girl , I look damn good with a short cut . Anyone who thinks otherwise can fight me
Sleep paralysis is so fun and exciting ! Oh wait , I mean it's a fucking nightmare and now my anxiety is through the roof .
127 Hours ( Danny Boyle , 2010 )
My back and hands are screaming for mercy and I'm very sweaty but once I wash up after dinner , everything I set out to do is DONE .
When US Special Ops Forces killed innocent , pregnant women in Gardez , Afghanistan , the families were given ... 2 sheep .
LIRR riders report an increase in unsexy missed connections over past week .
how did i not know about finding nemo at moma ? I love that movie !
This is kinda a Kool look
Ya Wanna Get Laid With a Hot Cougar Like Her ? Join
Meet BBW's in the USA here : Meet BBW's in the UK at :
says : Nicole Aniston - Nicole nude staircase tease DOWNLOAD ...
Need to get past this cold
makes Idol worth watching again ...
Thank god I just got the email telling me how to get Viagra . I was wondering ... craycray
If you are in flower mound tx 2day , TCAP low cost vaccinations . Protect your animals lowcostvaccinationsfordogs
Seems so appropriate for today . letsjustgetgoing
amen . Needed it then
bingo . Only 3 know what's going on . Anything said otherwise is speculation
Dear Seattle - WE are the only Hawks winning in Atlanta this weekend ! - Love the REAL Hawks RiseUp
Caddy's 80 yard TD against Bama . Nothing like feeling the stadium rock afterwards
they help with the headaches . At least mine did
A small back just pushed 2 defenders into the end zone . Ugly
Harvey Updyke seen eating a hamburger and a steak . Bevo not seen all day .
Retweet to wish Auburn's good luck today as he begins the NFL Combine ! WarEagle
yeah seems like a small asking price . Couldn't believe it but heard it from 2 different people
in your opinion , what do the Braves need to do to turn things around this offseason ?
now we need you to coach up the LBs . WDE
As a 20 yr vet & amp ; American , I stand with Chris Kyle , a true American hero . RETWEET if you agree ! AmericanSniper - JS ht
it hurts . But getting rid of the Upton contract was great .
I would think that if TJ was needed the doc would have already done it to get to rehab asap
him and Roc for the next 2 years is scary
protecting him in the Rule 5 draft was the reason he got called up today .
Newcomb because we might see him in the Majors this year .
he has been . Cowardly
Aerosmith . The way they changed over the decades
How is the home plate ump calling the WS let alone game 7 . Very inconsistent . Just gave the Indians 2 runs on a missed strike 3 .
same here . I am hardened + and have only pulled as high as leg .
Interesting how they can review this video , but not the one where Mixon broke that girls face in four places .
hoping for him , EY and Joe to show up
. @theWoodWDE here is the homerun
One Pot Chinese Fried Rice
Let's hope Gus lets Chip run his routes in big games . Last weeks route trees was Gus's .
They are team that lost the most today with Penn St and Ohio St's performances
haha . dude the premier baseball tournament is in town ; I want to catch a game ... You down ?
I didn't think anything I said was out of line or offensive , but your arrogance / imagination has clearly spawned comedy gold .
I have a Kazmier sweater Ticker on the bottom of the screen just said that Kazmier is today's starter for the Indians . Fail
good luck BOTH of you - - - great men make great leaders .
I was just daydreaming about Bubba Starling comparables and how they're looking . I obviously need to lower the bar .
I'm going to laugh in your face when I pull a $ 1000 Rockies card .
awesome ! How many do y'all want ?
Holy % # & amp ; $ ... This just in : it appears Leaf Direct sold out of 2014 Metal FB , 2014 Origins FB , and 2014 Leaf Trinity FB in under 24 hours .
Kicked it new school with dat d00d ; we totes reds for some case breakage tomorrow . hashtag
Live on with 2014 Bowman jumbo ! Two 1/2 case breaks available , spots are almost gone ! ! !
The Royals magic number is 92 RoyalsMagicNumberCountdown
who are the must-follow twitter accounts in Reno now that Lamb has moved on ?
File this under things I never thought I'd say , but , I would really like to see Hochevar in royal blue next year .
thanks ! ! I'm not sure what to do with my hands .
Loved every word if your "" No Room On The Bandwagon ! "" When I cheer for a team it is for real and becaus
I think I have the flu , so I called in sick today . Reading through baseball stats like I'm a kid memorizing the backs of baseball cards .
Hunter Pence has never seen Forrest Gump .
STAT OF THE DAY : Mike Trout has scored as many runs today as the Kansas City Royals won AL pennants in 2014 . Royals Angels
he needs an ice pack , not beer ! Haha .
I swear , Shin Soo Choo and these Asians are impossibru to strike out .
is the website down ?
I enjoyed your weather updates yesterday . Are you also a weather nerd , or was it just a "" right place / right time "" kind of thing ?
that is not photoshopped , nor altered in any way .
To be fair , the "" USA "" chants have begun .
Yessssss Tim Melia . Carry on . SKCvTOR
. @ussoccer appeals against suspensions for Bobby Wood , Jermaine Jones rejected . READ :
There's an unfortunate typo you might want to fix in this tweet ,
Hey you're TIFO'ing wrong . The image is supposed to resemble the subject ... But there's good news !
Is anyone going to tell him about the "" kick me "" sign on his back ?
Name That Flag . I got 8 out of 8 right ! How do you measure up & amp ; #63 ; Perfection .
Catalina Ponor FX TF Brussels European Championships 2012 via Catalina Ponor gymnast
U hit the nails on the head .
Like Panama Squirrel feels like my child instead of a fictional character who is loosely based on Gabby Doug ; as .
Dog Bite + Reasons Why Dogs Attack via Why dogs attack a human
My Bluebird of Happiness via Blue Bird that makes people happy .
Al Sharpton : Thomas Jefferson Memorial Should Be Taken Down ! via Is Sharpton nuts ? Yes !
Are we ready for a Joker origins movie ? via Joker origins movie in the works
Hurricane Survivor Attacks Fake News CNN Stop Asking What The F * * k Is ... via Give them the works lady
Thank you for the music Walter Becker ( 1950-2017 ) via RIP Steely Dan Co-founder Walter Becker
Three cheers for J J Watt of the Houston Texans
Rest and relaxation time .
Extended version of Superman The Movie coming to home video via Superman fans rejoice
He fooled us with his stance earlier of firing any player that knelt during the national anthem .
How much do you know about Florida in the United states of America ? via Florida quiz
"" Wordgirl : Who's Bad ? Chapter 13 "" by Deepizzaguy Here we go again .
Is it possible that a Planet Of The Apes will be an all apes cast ? An all apes movie could be made ?
Where is the nearest disco or dance hall ?
Ken Griffey Junior statue vandalized in Seattle No respect for Ken Griffey Junior's statue ?
Wonder Woman is the best in demand costume for Halloween Crimson Grasshopper not on the list ?
The Secrets To Successful Blogging via Blogging tips .
Grow Food , Not Lawns Future Possibilities . Rebellion - Its Not What You Think . The wait is over for Houston
Gonna Fly Now - Maynard Ferguson Tribute via Thanks Maynard ( RIP ) .
Week 10 Of The NFL Was BRUTAL ! - Look What Goodell Is Now DEMANDING via The fun begins
Thanks for the memories Malcolm Young ( 1953-2017 ) AC / DC rhythm guitarist Malcom Young ( 1954-2017 ) .
How to improve the NFL atmosphere
Chip Kelly hired by the UCLA college football program via Chip Kelly news
"" Wordgirl : The Return Of Miss Power prologue "" by Deepizzaguy Some very bad villains are coming to town .
QB Smith's dad : Got death threat after Eli move Stay classy Eli Manning fans .
A squirrel thief in New Jersey caught on camera . It was not an Isthmus Squirrel by the way
Carolina Panthers owner Jerry Richardson is selling the team FoxNews Diddy wants to own th
Make sure to check out the IDEAS Facebook page for more updates about our community !
Only true ninjas can read , sing and text at the same time ! :)
American Idol (: * * * * * * * * (:>
Taking a nice hot bath (:
You know its bad when your best guy friend would rather talk to you on the phone than your bf .
Would it be weird if i said i wanted to be naked ? :D Haha !
I miss my babes . Cant wait to see him (:
Day is ruined , but i'm still talking to my babeess ..
Sleeping is nice . You forget about everything for a little while .
One of the hardest parts of letting go is realizing that the other person already has .
whats saturday ? lol .
"" We need to talk . "" Me : * Million things run through my mind . What did they find out about ! ? * Parents : "" Stop leaving the l
Bae will forever be bae .
SCHOOL NEWS PAPER : PLEASE EXPLAIN TO ME HOW HAVING DIFFERENT HAIR AT SCHOOL IS GOING TO MAKE YOU UNSUCCESSFUL AT LIFE
Due date : June 27
Need Neighbours ! HappyMallStory ID : BRix 5z1RGy
This . Has . Been . The . Slowest . Week . Ever .
i hate it when people stare at me . like please move along thanks bitch
Let's just hope this game features refs that know what an offsides looks like . Wild FTW !
Big Mac - $ 1.99 . Two apples = $ 2.20 . THIS IS WHY I MAKE POOR CHOICES !
RIP Elizabeth Taylor ! Often imitated , NEVER duplicated ! So sad
I want to just go ride four wheelers so bad right now ! Wahhhhhhhh ! ! !
Okay everyone , should I take it out or leave it in , ( nosering so to speak lol )
Columbus is amazing tonight , so much life ): ) ) ) ) )
really good , can't complain . Start the nursing program in the fall :)
I wanna look in Nicki's Blackberry .
Def going to the concert in Columbus on November 2 with my husband ! He don't know yet ! Shh ! He's gonna flip ! Excited
TeamFollowBack InstantFollowBack AutoFollowBack TeamFollowWack 1000ADAY TeamFollowBack 57x
Ur criticism means nothing to me if you don't pay bills ...
ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour 30s hanging out with your daughters friends all the time .... :/ not a good time sorry
Alright . Let's get this WW meeting over so I can go home . sick
Roman In Moscow on iTunes [US] [CA] [UK] h ...
just thow it da bag !
Check out my first singing video :) Grass is Blue Cover Norah Jones : via
Talking on the phone , walking around the house and you start doing random shit .. , , ,
omg ash ! you gotta learn to type !
I'm so excited about the beach , I'm going to make my packing list ! =)
Its one of the worst feelings ever when you lean back too far on your chair and it feels like the world is going to end .
bahahahahahahahaha omgomgomg that's so funny ! ! ! Yes its
I love ! ! ! foreverandalways
kicked Andreas assssss ! ! !
Wondering why I switched shifts now . workflow overslept
do you really have a crush on this guy ? ?
I missed you twitter Sorry i only come around every few months . Gonna have to visit more often . lol bored
Who's in the miami fortlauderdale area ? ! Hmu , we wanna make some new friends :) florida meetup
Seen a bottle like this ? Show me where and help me find mine ! ShareACoke Alana
Sending our love and deepest sympathies to dear Julian Lennon . May God bless Cynthia always . Love Dhani & amp ; Olivia
David Bowie Dies - - Rock Legend Dead at 69
Wishing my brothers and sisters on this big beautiful ball , Peace and love for all o ' y'all Find the love . Love , T
It was a great late night / early morning Destiny 2 gaming fest with & amp ; & amp ; Devilmanjake . Back to th
Become a fan of my friends FB page ! ! It would mean a lot to her ! !
Gilyard should have been in Bengals stripes . However , I am happy for him .
For the next two or three nights , you'll be my bedtime reading material ! :-)
Get my book FREE ... for a limited time !
My favorite picture here is all of them ! swissherbs sponsored
I took the MyCokeRewards sports rules quiz ! See how well you know the rulebook SportsRulesTrivia
Hot meals in a flash make mornings run in a timely manner ! SausageFamily Sponsored MorningHacks
Well he just made himself comfortable ....
Tell us your favorite tips for traveling with a baby this holiday se ... SoMuchMore johnsonsbabypartners sponsored
What was the most important lesson you learned about sticking with your healthy lifest ... splendasavvies sponsored
I learned from eBay how to organize my home just a little better . eBayTeam sponsored
Tell us how silky , smooth feet could change your life ! AmopeCrowd sponsored
Pocket meatballs are no match for Tide because Tide will clean it up ! StainMaker TideThat ad
Tide earned my trust when they pulled out stains I thought I would forever be stuck with . TideThat ad
Enter the Money Monopoly sweepstakes to win some money ! McDPartners
1st : Days before . 2nd : RIGHT after . It even looks shinier . LOVE IT ! ! ExtraordinaryHair LorealCrowd spon 4loreal
Im making cupcakes and this is one of the best times of the year to make them ! eBayTeam sponsored
Father / son time is always important in a boy's life ! tinymoments AveenoAdvocates sponsored
Clarifye makes me want to take a whole new look into my own eyes . LensCraftersCrowd sponsored
Grab some Sahale Snacks products and start hiking . SahaleSnackers sponsored
Why do you trust Tampax Pearl to protect you from leaks ? TampaxCrowd sponsored
Getting out my blender now to make a frozen mocha ! FolgersFans sponsored
This guide was helpful for those who want to use o . b . OBelievers sponsoredob
Cant wait to try these scones for the Christmas season . ElectroluxStyle sponsored
When youre sick , this will help fight it better . ad nogoodcough
Love the idea of adding PB Spread to my ice cream . TeamJif sponsored
I'm earning points with CricketRewards
Together , these cool + soothe , meaning comfort and relaxation . ad prephcrowd getcomfortable
The trending product that I will be trying out in 72 hours is YADAH Silky Fit Concealer BB Brightening
Gotta get NUTRO for my puppy boy , Loki . nutrocrowd sponsored
I'm earning points with CricketRewards
HateThisWordBzz BiteSizedBzz I hate the word phlegm . To say it almost has the same feeling to have someone hack it up .
How do you prefer to get our information ? Facebook or Twitter ? You can Follow Us MamiesToffee
John : I can't promise anything solid , but I am willing to talk to you about your services . Cliff
My answer to How do sitcom actors know when and for how long to pause for the laugh track ?
I'm giving away : Dorian Gregory autographed Charmed A - 2 . Check it out - listia
My answer to Who is your favorite actor and why ?
My answer to I'm applying for a dental hygiene degree at Cypress College , can I also take Acting classes ther
Hey film fans check this out
To Get Better at Lighting , See Light Through the Eyes of a Cinematographer
CineGear Demo Goes Awry When Guy Smashes $ 70k Camera . OUCH , it's painful to watch ! via
I Like a Photo photography
I Like a Photo photography
I Like a Photo photography
I gave Peer Award Award photography
I received a peer recognition photography
Video Editing Quick Tip : Stack Timelines in Premiere Pro
I received a peer recognition photography
when the ting went quack quack what were you man doing ?
uh , yes the fuck it should be a felony
Congrats on the Number 1 slot ! And he has a message for all of his Irish fans ! Flicker EOGHAN 2FM ht
Pastor : I , Offset Offset : I , Offset Quavo : OFFSET
That's why I stay right here and don't go out there .
You've got a very important date with tonight . Don't be late ! HarryStylesAtTheBBC . 8p m .
Even if my titties arent physically out , theyre spiritually out , and thats what matters
my new therapist me today :
In Harry Styles's new video for "" Kiwi , "" his Gucci-clad mini-me steals the show .
An update on an old standby : If you dont have anything nice to do , dont do anything at all .
Cardi B Covers New York Magazine
As far as I am concerned , the five members of One Direction are Liam Payne , Liam Payne , Liam Payne , Liam Payne , and Liam Pay
Thanks , accidentally hysterical ad campaign gif making person . I'll never be able to read Artisanal "" normally "" again .
my therapist n i talked about how IMPULSIVE i am and how i think jumping into things = fixing the problem and she s
Ive just seen my doctor quickly close the Wikipedia page for bones
I claim B . O . B never existed because i never saw his career
I got new shoes , we are almost one
im already in tears binch
Raven would DUST her shit the fuck off .
MY DUDE SPUN ME AROUND UNTIL WE HAD THE BEST LIGHTING FOR OUR SELFIE . I LOVE YOU WITH EVERYTHING IN ME
Unreleased Song : Ariana Grande "" Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas ""
This was a fun little read , getting a sex therapist to analyze fictional characters ( day 2 of Cat Person coverage )
BAD BROOKE CANDY IF YOU AINT MAD , WELL YOU BOUT TO BE
in this house oh my god what happened to myhouse
my therapist threw my wig across the ocean today fjsjdjdj
Demi really snatched the whole industry when she released SNS
worrying is what im best at ..
I love how me & amp ; just selfie back and forth on snapchat
That was a shitty way to start the new year ...
Qu hay comn en las 4 fotos ? Yo la adivin . Descarga gratis Apensar en
AskCole if you could pick THE best song to sing on which one would you pick ?
AHHHHH ! ! ! ! ! ! ! MY BOY IS THROUGH ! ! ! ! IF YOU'RE AS HAPPY AS ME :D Voiceresults
What's the code for the AWOLnation presale ? I've scoured FB and your website to no avail ...
I would like this job .
Ha ! ! ! ! ! !
SESSION ADDED : Weve added a session 37 : Postsecondary Institution Data-Security Overview and Requirements . The new session wi
debates ImwithHer He doesn't know anything so all he can do is use the same slams over and over .
Jared Kushner literally admitting that Trump is a shameless con artist who is utterly devoid of principles . Tell us somet
Aerial images reveal a stark difference in crowd size at Trump's inauguration versus Obama's in 2009 .
Please explain being Christian and supporting this .
Your cabinet is a disgrace ! RS
Milo Yiannopoulos - New poster boy for NAMBLA - Old ass kisser of - consistent hypocritical , ignor
"" The time for small thinking is over . The time for trivial fights is behind us . "" Feb . 28 , 2017 htt
Bush gave us tax cuts for the rich , created zero net jobs Obama gave us ACA , record streak of job creation Trump plan : ta
I hope Trump , Tillerson and DeVos are teaching America a lesson - - rich people often get jobs they're terrible at just because
GOP senator told me this a . m . McConnell's caucus has 2 hard no's - Paul and Collins . can't lose any more . Mike Lee just t
Your health care proposal was a pack of lies ! Broken promises from you Potus ! And I voted for U . My wife
. @MaxineWaters on Bill O'Reilly comments : "" I am a strong black woman and I cannot be intimidated "" inners
United - WE ARE THROWING YOU OFF THIS PLANE ! Doctor - But I paid 4 this ! United - Did anyone steal a seat ? Neil Gorsuch -
So we're less than 100 days into Trump and we're closer to a nuclear war than we've been all century . So this is going exactly
Yes , Trump revealed highly classified info to the Russian foreign minister ; but in fairness it wasn't via email & amp ; he doe
The trend we'll be wearing all summer . Shop the collection ! SoWorthIt
By the way - you think all these adults at FBI like being fucked with by a Deranged undisciplined thug ? They will bur
A reminder that in 2017 America , you can lose your job for calling a GOP pol a POS and * become * a GOP pol after beating up
President w / self-confessed history of bribing politicians now under criminal investigation for ObstructionOfJustice
Trump outs National Enquirer as a corrupt , fakenews partner of his PR-and-blackmail operation
Analysis | Donald Trump Jr . - as dumb as his daddy -
modern conservatism is just a race to see who can be the shittiest person
If this heavy allegation is true - Trump has taken selfishness to an entirely new level . Literally risking nuclear war to
Charlottesville violence was fueled by one side : white supremacists spreading racism , intolerance & amp ; intimidation . Those are t
To family / friends who support Trump : what he said last night about reporters was despicable , extremely deceptive , dangerou
No conserv who cheers ripping away the insurance for babies born with critical diseases ( for tax cuts ) can EVER claim t
So far , Harvey Weinstein has checked off Sex and Lies , but I really dont want to see the Videotape .
I find it amazing how who could not serve during Viet Nam War because of "" bone spurs "" can golf all ove
. @realDonaldTrump - Every person who retweets this wants you to resign immediately . TrumpResign
1 ) Trump is now actively trying to raise health care premiums on millions of Americans to incite some kind of revolt .
Boycotts work . This is 100 % because of the 11 advertisers that dropped his show .
I'm writing a script about a NSA who lies to the FBI & amp ; doesn't register as a foreign agent . The POTUS knows this , but
. @RealSheriffJoe on illegal immigration in the US : "" Why should we surrender the greatest country in the world ? ""
My friends want 2 send you 2 2 enter . Good luck ! Rls : SPNF
ICYMI : has hired 50,000 military veterans and spouses !
I would LOVE <3 to THANK my ( old ) crush SO very much . I WON a contest saying id most enjoy sharing some cake with
Create New quilting projects with - the subscriptionbox for quilt fans ! diy
Cheese tasting after a long morning
seniorpromweek Need a freeride to / from the prom ? FREE 1st $ 50 ride for you & amp ; your friends that are NEW to Lyft use LyftCode : CUTECAT
RollingThunder & amp ; Veterans FREE Ride to ALL DC area EVENTS for ALL 1st timers upto $ 50 . USE & amp ; SHARE code : CUTECAT MemorialDay XO-USA-XO
It's going down tonight in Tysons Corner ! Join me !
Avoid delays & amp ; worse ! FREE 1st ride up to $ 50 use code : CUTECAT - The cats meow for a purrfect ride ! SafeTrack
HRC lives in the past , quotes old projects that were partially effective or failures & amp ; cant look forward to the future . HillaryForPrison 2016
In Alex today - Chunky Monkey , Red Velvet and Cotton Candy ! Special drink - HOMEMADE MILKSHAKES ! ! ! Heatwave Chunky
Road sign in Texas . Americans know she's guilty & amp ; should be in prison ! MakeAmericaGreatAgain HillaryForPrison 2016
Westchester Eateries Serve Up ' Hot ' Spots For Outdoor Dining - - via
Baltimore's streams are full of meth :
Record high temperatures in the DMV : Baltimore BWI 95 vs 94/2015 / 1985/1933 Washington Dulles IAD 98 vs 95/1985 dcw
AskACurator Is your museummobility friendly ? I use a mobility chair & amp ; hate feeling shut out ! TYVM
5 MultipleSclerosis Treatment Options > >
7daysofkindness Was wondering if they had mobility carts , a nice lady offered to go & amp ; ck . They didnt , but that was very kind !
Ballot selfies : A look at where they are allowed or not
POPQUIZ which one of these girls received a $ 25k dress courtesy of the ClintonFoundation podestaemails 32 Haiti
Just heard Freedom calls a song about by awesome USA Freedom kids ! We need more wonderful young women like this .
one person unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
8 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
All schools should do it & amp ; also offer "" donation "" bins too !
They do seem to be the scourge of your fine County can't you surcharge them for wasting all
3 surgeries in 10 months ~ & amp ; OMG he makes me feel better for a moment & amp ; not
Right before the children crossing sign on the left he threw something out . LivePD
More vegan sufganiyot from for Hanukkah ! HappyHanukkah GoVegan
HAPPY HANUKKAH & amp ; HUGS TO ALL
I can't wait for when I go on Christmas break ! :D I'm glad you're doing good
yeah I do :( I can't sleep cause of the pain . You gonna be ok ?
ja :) I forgot to ask you earlier . But doesn't this guy look like Jensen ? !
damn :( sorry to hear .
Cause you love him :')
Edge goes into the HOF ! ! ! Great pick
WOO ! You go girl ! :D They're coming in March . Damn I wish I could of went to the one in December it was a SD one .
this time this chick flash my Dad & God Dad ! XD
oh yeah . Liina I'll talk to u soon . Damn twitter app is screwin up
lol . I hope they'll take it easy on you for the rest of the week
hey sis how are you ?
i'll have to find it later . So I got good news
lol awe ! ! ! ! Tonight is so ... quiet in the house .
Any sex with any of the Euros will be amazing sex !
Audio : anangelonmycouch : Lol this is awesome !
Photo : justwwe : lol XD OH HELL !
Photo : july-tenth : Im with you on that . Everyone is beautiful in their own way !
:( it won't let me ask anymore for another hr !
5005 tweets ... awesome . Now to 10,000 ! xD
RKO I'm a fan of as well . But really I wish WWE would wake the hell up . Get some new writers for sure . Maybe change up some staff .
In my opinion Seth Rollins has no reason to apologize . For whatever reason , he was the victim and had his privacy compromise
the signs as loki gifs / / taurus
Here's a TwinsTweetPeek at the promo giveaway on June 7 : Gardy Gnomes ! via
New Kid Cudi music at 11:00 tonight , ayyy .
Only break bread with people you starved with ..
To get familiar with Mac Miller's music and go to Spring Jam or to not get familiar with Mac Miller's music and not go to Spring Jam . Hmm
Kyle Gibson man , he's an ace
You just cant have guys on your team who are an automatic Loss every time out ( Pelfrey ) and an automatic out every time up ( Florimon ) Twins
She's had 3 different names ?
Have a day Danny Santana ! 4 hits and 5 RBI ! MNTwins lead 8-0 in the 7th !
Excited to see Samardzija back on a football field
Friday is payday , AKA the day where I pay off my the last bit of my student loans ! ! priorities
LOL The newest South Park is GENIUS
The public is gonna hop on the Chicago Bulls bandwagon after they beat the Cavs tonight . Pau Gasol = 1 of the most underrated players .
24HrsOfRadissonSweeps You guys rock !
Why am I so differently wired , am I a martian ?
Tim Tebow has reached agreement on a new deal with the Eagles , two sources said Sunday . Tebow is scheduled to ...
Of course I wasn't one of the first 20,000 people to claim my free pizza . Wouldn't expect anything else . DomiNoNo
Ronda Rousey is a bad , bad woman .
Its just gonna be outdated in 5 years and companies will stop making updated games for it and you'll have to buy the next new system .
We have nobody who can guard Julius Randle
Andrew Wiggins gets called for foul after being elbowed in the jaw by Kyrie Irving
Ben McLemore just did Deron Williams dirty !
David Ortiz home to 3rd in 13.1 seconds , top speed of 17.6 MPH . Hustle
OMG ! Batang Gilas & amp ; former Blue Eaglet Gian Mamuyac just blocked game winning three !
Don't f * ck up the Feng Shui
At least we got the No . 1 pick .
The enemy ain't Saudi ; the enemy around me .
there was a , I believe Michigan game , a couple years ago . Punter punted it off back of own player and went backwards 10ish yards
Let's play Words With Friends . My username is ' zyngawf _1182027 ' .
ily good ppl good things
I'd put some salt in my hand ( SpN ref . ) and smack that bit @h up ! Xp
Omg NOW I have to keep my part of Crowleys contract ..... damn ... But Yay ! SpNWon
Our Perks loyalty program only includes Cat Chow products but well pass your interest in a dog loyalty pr
Happy Valentine's Day from Supernatural !
Teaching your cat good eating habits is easy . Just follow these simple tips .
Bullying sucks ! Join & amp ; at NYCC to help combat it . ( No pressure .. That'd be bullying , & amp ; I w
Every kitty knows the importance of being on the "" Nice "" list ! We hope they've earned some fabulous presents
Sadly , as a woman with no sons , I'm unable to think of men as real people .
The quick glance she gave like chile ... who are you ? and continued on with her day is the level of unbothered we all should
Awful men being hurt and confused by how awful other men are is an interesting spiral to watch
I hate bitches who think they're so fuckin poppin that they cant be nice to people . Like bitch you're weird
Don't ask me stupid shit under the guise of "" let me understand "" lmao
This show was mad under rated . So many good episodes and themes . Some of them were actually sad . And this show addresse
25 . Precious - when Precious told Mary she wasn't gonna see her again ( this movie made me dislike Mo'Nique for a good secon
Me : I want a sugar daddy Old men : hey Me :
this is probably the scariest costume out there , especially knowing that your eyes arent closed in the picture
My dumbass sitting here , entertained , doing mobile push ups lmao
People are really out here being manipulative / abusive , not learning from it , and then preaching fake spiritual shit on
is this how a mentally stable persons brain works
The pictures I took of my male cousins vs . the ones they took of me . It really be your own people .
How you stand outside yo mom door when you missed the bus
For any black woman in the D . C . area over 18 that would like to sign up for free therapy
If a man has enough decency to tell you hes not looking for a relationship when you know you are , thank him , grab your pu
fake bryson tiller account : if we dont vibe together i dont fuck with you its that simple white girls :
disney channel SNAPPED when they approved this scene
Im gonna force my man to buy me Street Fighter just for THIS BITCH
Yall gotta stop saying this stupid shit . Get tested with each new partner .
the entire twilight franchise really played my adolescent ass sooo dirty with this fake scene
.... But did she check her family for being racist ? ? ? ? ? Like congrats on being a decent human being and ~ feeling bad ~ but
Y'all are weird . I'm weird too but like a cool weird . Y'all are a creepy kinda weird
what up ? im jared , im 19 , and i never fucking learned how to read
does your preference prefer you ?
me : no one ever calls me pretty or cute or anything :) p: ur pretty me :
how do i become apart of the lawsuit
smapper : definition .... JEN ! ! !
Sad to hear that had to go to the hospital last night :( I hope you take it easy for a while so you can get better quickly
Seeing this made me a million times more pumped for SonicBoom 2013 I can't wait to see with my brother !
Now I wanna watch Lion King ... but I don't have my cats here to present like baby Simba or to hug during the stampede scene :(
4 years ago today I took this pic with my crappy cell in Denver my 3rd Green Day show & amp ; 1st time on the rail !
Pokey and GrumpyCat out playing
Seriously considering hiding the spare key to my office . People don't know how to come in here without breaking something or making a mess .
SONIC REVOLUTION LAUNCHES PORTAL SITE -
So if you're feeling lost in all this hubub about our government not working and being shut down , etc , there are ...
It seems my ex step grandparents r trying to be taken off as cosigners on my student loan cus I just got an email from Sallie Mae about that
This Is The Best Advice To A Homophobic Parent Thats Ever Been Given
Ollie likes to play rough ... Ouch ... ragdoll ragdollcat cat ouch
A good friend of ours , Maria , made it on stage and omfg it was magic ! ! ! Such an amazing night ! ! !
Relaxing at the beach . I'm so glad I went on this trip ! ! I have missed the ocean Beach At Gulf
SongsIWillALwaysLove : ' My anaconda don't want none unless you got buns , hun . ' Seriously , he told me . I speak parse ...
I can't quite put my finger on why , but Mulan is probably my all time favorite Disney movie . I watch it every single time it's on .
Nice choice ! PeterCapaldi will made a wonderful Doctor . He's also very easy on the eyes ! KeepCalmAndDroolOn
I think I might need to enroll in a 12 step program for my addiction to grapes . NeverGonnaBeRaisinsOnMyWatch
Since the Academy can't memorialize everyone allow me to do it for Dennis Farina . R . I . P . pal .
23 years ago today , Harry Potter spoke Parseltongue for the first time with a Boa constrictor at the zoo .
HCAu 14 D21 Loki ! Tom : Today I had to share the pics & amp ; memes that originally warmed my heart to Tom .. as Loki * sigh *
Chicken Wings and Chips for Lunch Where The Obama Kids Go To School . Enjoy your Lima Beans and Water , Public Schools .
HSE official update : All HSE Schools will operate on a two-hour delay today ( Friday , February 20 , 2015 ) .
- might need to find another way into the mall ....
No lie ! Hans is better looking than Kristoff ! ! wrong
Happy birthday to Walt Disney . I'm so glad you pursued your dreams
I don't like to think about the effects of The Battle of Hogwarts ...
Whoever created this needs a raise . GravityPaws GravityFalls
Coming Soon : Mean Girls !
Summer : Hair is lighter Skin is darker Water is warmer Drinks are colder Music is louder Nights get long
When you fall asleep talking to bae ..... rescuedogsofinstagram chugglesofinstagram therapypuppy
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an SDCC 2016 exclusive Stan Lee Dorbz !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a 2016 exclusive Hair Bear Bunch Pop ! prize pack !
Wise words ! ! !
Remembering Steve , whose words and ideals will always inspire us . There is no reason not to follow your heart .
. @jk_rowling only needs 6 words to destroy our toddler in chief .
Feel free to move out anytime .
Making our own lunch at SCI
. @HOBOrlando awesome , thx 4 follow ! I'm there 3x in May ! Just saw and next week is and
A lack of close friendships may be hazardous to your health
- Allan asked what the white stuffon his burger was . Me as josh replied Seamen at the same time . ItsMayo BKProblems FeebroCode
"" The best revenge is to move on , get over it , and continue to succeed . Never give someone the satisfaction of watching
on my way back . Should I just go over ?
Hey . You're beautiful and I love you
- Off to Rhode Island to get babe
- Wow , that episode of TheLWord really hit me ... right in the feels .. Ouch
Your worst battle is between what you know and what you feel .
i want to sit on a kitchen counter in my underwear at 3 am with you and talk about the universe
This is bringing new meaning to an electric performance . VoiceFinale
My babies have arrived !
I reck'n it ain't none o ' that bull
The Visit was so flippin spooky !
Who the hell is Swavey and why does she sound like a hair product
well youre not old enough
The "" Unaffordable "" Care Act will soon be history !
Wow just played the Walking Dead Telltale games season 2 ep 4 AmidTheRuins and it is the best one this season
on cam liek dis ?
"" The measure , which Obama signed into law Monday , will ban candy - , fruit - and spice-flavored cigarettes ... "" BYECLOVES !
meggiegoesboom iamblessed to be such a hardcore bitch yo . this
Coming to the mall reminds me why I never wanted to have kids .
Still . Just . Let . Go .
"" Bloomberg , Beware , Zuccotti Park is everywhere . "" OWS OccupyWallStreet N17
Ain't sayin you're perfect but you're really really good .
So stoked for all the trash talking that's about to happen tonight between and TheTaste TheTasteFinale
I'd like to thank for posting statuses that remind me that the unwashed masses are still alive and well .
I'm drinking various forms of Oktoberfest to forget that the Tigers season is over .
If so , he didn't plan it very well since he don't get one bite of his mac n cheese he was planning on using a damn knife on . HomeAlone
YEAAAH LOVES THE SPAM TheTaste
I honestly don't see how life could get any better than that
Bc girls are awesome , beautiful , and the best .
I'm honestly so embarrassed for Paula all the time because she's constantly stuck riding that struggle bus on national TV . TheView
How to take a picture with a cat feat . Benji .
Looking up something on YT , see Alex Jones is live , decide to check it out for a laugh , and immediately hear the Pope eats literal shit .
Didn't even want to try to get in the door , let alone up to the counter . It looked like a fucking nightmare .
Saw this today that basically says ethically journalists should avoid "" committed suicide "" bc it implie
And lastly , cats are the best and Go Blue .
I am a 14 handicap and play "" Tee It Forward "" and have for years . On the par 4 ' s I play from the tees that I can Hit the green with 2nd shot .
Shout out to Thanks for the follow . Love the OwenSound area , we've had a gr8 visit GolfIsGreat
A Great Day for Golf inManitoba
Played golf at The Canal at Delacour . Tony Clark and Taralea Cameron posed for pics !
Who were the original founders of the Here is a snapshot of what we do LPGA
Three stories about Rider Pride . 1952 , 1956 ( and the Rider Train to Edmonton ) and 1989
Saskatoon , NotreDameCollege , Wilcox , Father Athol Murray and Gordie Howe Day , 1966 ...
is it just me or everyone knows Japanese besides me ? ? ?
AND ZEN APPEARS ! ! ! ! BE STILL MY HEART ! ! ! !
awww thank you so much ; v ; my coloring changes a lot actually ahahhaha hopefully i can find my style OTL
this is gorgeous ! !
Resuming one piece at episode 629 ... i hope i didn't forget too many details ...
thanks for sharing ! :D
Did you just make this account
Omg it even has your name on it . I was even considering buying from yesstyle but i guess not ...
More like a week hohoho
Aww , that wasn't a technical
Once a female has put the problem out there , it's up to you as a male to fix it . Because once she tired of tellin you , th
Oh boy , now it's Cher
My mom locked my dog outside for bout hour ... "" on accident "" smh lol
Ebola's spread through direct fluids .... keep it in your pants .
Selma preview just made my eyes water . We have fallen so far off path as a race .
It does not feel like Christmas Eve !
"" You should go full cat and start wearing humans on your shirt "" -
A new study claims that adventurous eaters weigh less and may be healthier than their less-adventurous counterparts .
None of yall was tryin to wife up Kerry when she was saving the last dance in the hood . Smh
I have off school so why cant i have off work .
Its a privilege to be loved by you .
Ive never fely so anxious in my life
Some guy really just stopped his car to ask for my instagram
Bored with no one to talk to
I hate when you cant tell if your crush likes you or not . - Slm
get out of my mentions
This shit don't even phase me anymore lmao .
83 days until prom and still have yet to get a dress
just gotta make sure you take extreme care for it . Bleaching roots every few weeks just sucks a lot .
Who would you rather have as the President ? Retweet for this Potato or like for Hillary
Not making excuses for people anymore .
somebody better warn this man
im in love w / ur new Twitter name
Happy birthday hunny I love you !
Said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
Mom : "" be home by 12 "" Me :
Don't think you're anything special honey I got options
Im not that stupid so dont treat me like it lol
High school tomorrow ? Can't relate
when someone says they dont like me
Michigan guy wins the intermission game at the GLI final . MichiganDifference
Michigan State AD tweeting a Michigan Player ThatHasToBeAViolation CreepDog
Think less but see it grow like a riot , like a riot , oh Lisztomania
Just made some four way for dinner and oh its so good . AwkwardlyNamedFood SkylineChili ImAMasterChefOnlyNot
Crustaceans are obviously the coolest poikilotherms . I mean , just look at them . BadAsses
Now someone is puking ? What the hell is going on down there ?
That's interesting USC , Texas & amp ; Ohio St have never had a Super Bowl starting QB , but Flacco will be Del ...
I think I'm going to lay low for a little while .
Oh yeah . Love it . I even have the app on my computer so it tells me whenever a new deal pops up , haha .
Schedule for next semester : no class Monday , 1 class Friday . Yes .
Oh god I just came across a video from Turquoise Jeep . LemmeSmangIt FriedOrFertilized FreshmanYear
I'm getting there .. Just deciding between Rival w / disks and 105 w / canti's . I'd prefer Sram , but a bit of a price difference .
So yeah , I think its time to start wearing gloves on the road bike ...
Fruit snacks are the greatest .
Only finishing kick I've seen better than that is Cavendish's final 100m
WHICH IS SO MUCH HARDER WHEN NONE OF YOUR PROFESSORS USE THE CTOOLS GRADEBOOK AND / OR GRADE WEEKLY HOMEWORK
If USPS could please just stop screwing around with my tracking information for these packages that would be great . No updates since the 8th
Yess , tomorrow at 3 . I may or may not be dvr'ing it for later use .
So I hear is hating on my amazing dolphin drawing skills ...
Lol at people picking MSU to win the ' ship . They went 8-7 over the last 15 games in the B1G , yet they're supposed to win 6 straight ? Ok .
did you scooter down south u ? If yes , I saw you . If no , I saw someone who looks like you riding a scooter down south u .
Taking photos at the zoo is like a real life game of Pokemon Snap .
After preliminary testing I'm favoring lemons and limes over raspberries . Both still good though SkratchLabs SecretDrinkMix
Y'all start talking to me about sock length rules and I'ma just smh at you . FrankenLeg NewShoes Oranje
Cruz just tore his patellar tendon . I don't even want to think about how painful that would be .
Thinking 40ish , nothing too crazy or fast . Planning on leaving around 10ish .
Hopkins Lake on the new whip . There are a few leaves out there . singletrack BMC MountainBike mtb
Good Times with the Family Buffet at BIG BOY
Look at me , voting absentee , preserving democracy , saving the country from the big orange monkey . imwithher
Well said . The attitude of some of the fanbase is disappointing . No one loves to hate the team the
They're skipping so much ! PetalsOnTheWind irritating followthebook
If our honeymoon plans actually follow through I might have a heart attack before we even get there takemetolondon letstraveltheworld
Today I had a man tell me he didn't enjoy his fajitas because I didn't tell him what the tortillas were for ..... ooo k
A look inside the process ! Nothing makes me happier than being able to create .
LIVE on Periscope : Flying on Dumbo ! disney winter
Come visit me and the tonight at Panera from 4 pm to 8 pm and bring a flyer !
reports : 30 % of executives say theyve missed out on opportunities over a lack of on-staff language skills
Make each team mbr leader of smthng based on indv strengths 2 build coll . capacity & amp ; drive learning . Build leaders , put in right spots #LILL17
School culture is not just something that happens . It's something that you build daily with what you value and with how
Happy to share Dr . Malone with
Win Beach Boys SMiLE LP signed by Brian . SHARE Brian's Facebook post today and a winner will be announced tonight : htt
Aplex . Justified .... the dude used it in a sentence
why are you ignoring explosion in China ?
Take care . Why can't we all be good to one another .....
Can it PLEASE be TRUBISKY TIME ? ? ? ! ! ! ? ? ? ChicagoBears
Half Moon Bay tropical ? garden morningcoffee pineapple
Somebody said west coast Wednesday ... poppies halfmoonbay morningwalk California
I found this amazing book digging through an old antique store . Incredible engravings . illustrations
Missing my posse ! yoga yogaeverydamnday solfirejstreet
Ladies . peahen City of Ten Thousand Buddhas
A sign ... raven nevermore
Me when I'm proving a point
It's such a beautiful morning with the color of the sky and my dog sleeping right next to me . Could I ask for anything more
this girl changing her instagram captions after her boyfriend cheated on her is the level of petty I aspire to be
Talk about the worst possible game on cable tv ? Seriously .. TB vs Jets ... fuckcheapcable
Oddly excited to watch my brothers crew meets this year
thanks dawg , gotta get in shape for ski season !
If you have prescribed ADHD medication and you're in college-don't tell anybody about the medication . Many try to use it
it's frozen so I heat it up aka make it
Fuck Black Friday I just wanna ski Saturday
dope I'll try for Friday if I'm not working !
Friends don't let friends smoke
This girl better get naked to one up the last performance
Patriots offered WR Julian Edelman a three-year deal , per source . They want to keep him YourMan
here's something to keep you entertained
Helping Jake move aka me doing everything and him "" supervising ""
Get home from work and mother doesn't have dinner ready NotGood
his goal the other night was insane dekes
When I try and make a salad
Will mow lawn or something to swim in pool
Down with shitty snap stories
We're back to the wilderness for this weeks edition of BearBattleFriday we've got a special one today BearMadness
Coffee "" dependent "" people are the worst
New England's past week ( were Patriots five weeks behind or five weeks ahead ? )
Pretty crazy how PBR is the Only Good Beer .
AREMA . Indonesian Super League Champion 2014 27NuhatArema
DodePersieOnTTI mytxz ~ Hugging or holding hands with someone you love can instantly reduce stress .
Dode Pacarnya NabilahJKT 48 ~ beneran ? :/ 889
Dode Pacarnya NabilahJKT 48 ~ 408
Dode Pacarnya NabilahJKT 48 ~ 752
Dode Pacarnya NabilahJKT 48 ~ masa sih ? 452
Dode Pacarnya NabilahJKT 48 ~ masa sih ? 617
0wned by DodePersie DodeOnTTI ~ The more you care , the more you OVER think . The more you think , the harder it is to fall asleep .
0wned by DodePersie DodeOnTTI ~ Both Nelson Mandela and the 14th Dalai Lama have honorary Canadian citizenships .
0wned by DodePersie DodeOnTTI ~ You dont need a certain number of friends . You just need a number of friends you can be certain of .
0wned by DodePersie DodeOnTTI ~ Crying is how your body speaks when your mouth can't explain the pain you feel .
0wned by DodePersie DodeOnTTI ~ Self-control is like a muscle , it can exhaust from use .
0wned by DodePersie DodeOnTTI ~ Michael Jackson had a pet boa constrictor named "" Muscles . ""
0wned by DodePersie DodeOnTTI ~ When your best friend is doing a presentation in class
Paid Per Click Advertising | Paid To Click ( PTC ) Advertising | ClixSense
Same people freaking out over Hillary getting hit with a golf ball in a gif have no problem with Trump violently stabbed in S
I'm waiting for the RepublicanCongress to surprise me . With anything .
What piece of shit this coach is !
You could try to find others to attack Trump , but you keep going back to her . Maybe because she is the only one ?
Now we have , thanks to ProgressiveLeft , the PeopleScoutsOfAmerica . Sounds very Marxist doesn't it ? That's because it i
Its funny , we all brought up the Uranium dealings during the election and the left shouted us down . If it was no big deal wh
Incredible , Thomas . It's nice to see someone respect our country & amp ; this way - thank you . God bless you & amp ; GodBless
DON'T STOP TWEETING : - Eric Holder - Fusion GPS - Voter fraud - Imran Awan - Loretta Lynch - Uranium One Democrats lied . W
Why the Persistent Trump Supporters are so powerful . 1 . Positve Vison 2 . A burning Desire to succeed 3 . Internal Confide
The White Supremacist Trend ... LIBERAL ! SHAM ! Dont Buy Their BS Narrative ! !
THE RATS JUMP OFF THE SINKING DNC SHIP Former DNC Chair Donna Brazile drops bombshell about Hillary
On 11/4 / 17 , an anonymous user on 4chan sent this message accurately predicting todays shooting . What did they know ?
Muslim College Student Who Lied About Trump Supporters Attacking Her On NY Subway Pleads Guilty !
Guns arent the issue in Chicago . There are lots of ugly ways to kill each other that dont include guns . O
People will change , memories wont .
Well , I guess democrats can't retweet George Takei anymore . Now that he's been accused of sexual assault , retweeting him
Some sell out so easily
Because , its business as usual for the Democrats !
Newsweek is an alt-left dish rag at this point
. @HillaryClinton claims a UraniumOne special counsel is an abuse of power ! REALLY ? ! ! ! We NEED answers ! This deal is dis
Everybody out of Alabama is trying to tell everybody in Alabama what to do . Sounds like they don't trust your intelligenc
He is one of Satans captain s
Not true , nice try
What a sham , this guy was the biggest fraud in history ! !
Treasury Forecasts Tax Reform Will Lead To Longest Period Without Recession In History
The problem with Dems , they know 2 + 2 = 4 , yet if that truth starts to bother them ... theyll do anything to m
President Trump's 2017 GDP is Poised to Beat Obama's Best GDP Ever in 8 Years ! The Billionaire Trumps the Community Org
WHOOPS ! Rosie ODonnell May Have COMMITTED FELONY on Twitter
Some education experts consider an alarming trend -
Overwhelmed to win my first ever Mascot Challenge ! ! Would not have been possible without the support of th
This Great sportsmanship by the Auburn SGA to show up for the ODK Trophy presentation , unlike Alabama's SGA l
We told you the new AuburnOaks are big ! They are being loaded and heading to campus . See you Saturday ! WarEagle
Wonderful student minister , brianmetz addressing the young men about manhood here in Huntsville , AL
Budget some time to spend with your family today . Don't let technology steal your moments .
1st time in our 15 year marriage when I know where every ... single ... dollar is going . Thanks for
We are at SC15 ! !
Ramsey Solutions is looking for : EntreLeadership Customer Success Advisor job
SCALIA : Under the Constitution , judges have power to say what the law is , not what it should be . - STAFF
Today is our annual blood drive with Shout out to and for giving blood !
Ramsey Solutions is looking for : Ramsey Media Marketer job
Ramsey Solutions is looking for : Customer Advocate Team Leader job
Ramsey Solutions is looking for : Front End Developer , Ramsey Personalities job
Ramsey Solutions is looking for : Front End Developer job
Ramsey Solutions is looking for : Senior Administrator job
Ramsey Solutions is looking for : Sr . Director of eCommerce job
Save big with these smart dollar store shopping tips from
That's what AuburnFamily is all about ! War Eagle !
"" People don't buy cars with cash , that's insane ! "" Watch this Chicago couple's Turning Point :
BEST COLLEGE FAN BASE Elite 8 for Texas A & amp ; M Like for Penn State
Marsha stands for hundreds of millions of honest Americans who work hard and play by the rules . Read more at
Cool picture of presidential Stonehenge visit courtesy
You used to call me on my cell phone ... hello ?
Gaga was at my place last night
A crew member quit shortly after filming this special . Find out why ... Saturday 9 |8 c . GhostAdventures Route 666
For anyone who's ever believed in magic go on a fantastical journey with AMonsterCalls this December .
Drive the speed limit today if you're headed east on I - 10 . We passed 7-8 state troopers up to the Hudspeth County line in
We Will . We Will . We Will . Powerful moment by of sagawards
With a production budget this large , you definitely don't wanna miss a new BobsBurgers this Sunday .
Kourtney looks like Khloe now
I love Oprah Presents Master Class , the piece on Jay Z , eye opening and Kidnapped by the Kids is heart tugging .
there is no limit for a super mom !
My eight year old daughter is being bullied at school and no one will do anything about it .
Hope it's not a puppy !
Celebrating Chuck Brown on in the DMV with the DriveAt 5
I need to post this on everything I Own !
she will but not in an obvious way . I think we'll all be shocked .
I absolutely love your bedding , where can I find it ? loveyourtaste ChrisleyKnowsBest
Zeno family glad to be watching tv with my favorite family ! thanksforthesnacks
Martin Luther King , III tells what he thinks of Trump saying Rep . John Lewis is all "" talk , talk , talk ""
siiiigh , for another talented beauty liking thugs , my hubby bought me a car on 2 date so no bus , never hit me 13 yrs .
I added a video to a playlist happy hour with fran and crystal 6 prostitute and drug dealer
I liked a video Dillon Francis , DJ Snake - Get Low
Add a message to your video
I liked a video Atmosphere - The Woman With The Tattooed Hands
I added a video to a playlist rout 94
I liked a video Field Mob - So What ft . Ciara
I added a video to a playlist The Weeknd - The Hills
I added a video to a playlist Robin Schulz - Sun Goes Down feat . Jasmine Thompson ( Official Video )
Open House Sunday March 15 1:00- 4:00 92 Hillcrest in Morris Twp OpenHouseMorristown RealEstateNJ BurnhamPark
"" The Muppets Most Wanted "" tonight at 7:30 at Ginty Recreation Complex freesummermovienights
Happy Thanksgiving from our family to yours ! thanksgiving familytime realestatecouple
$ 199,000 justhitthemarket westorange njrealestate houseforsale
Take a virtual tour of 40 Alexandria Rd :
Ideas for adding a compost bin to your kitchen goinggreen gardenstate
Life is flippin amazing . It only takes a little effort ! ! Family is awesome ! ! WolfMother whatisWolfMother ? Yes yes ! ! ! Today was just great !
I don't even know why I update Twitter anymore . although it was super close ( 11-7 ) , Just Chillen came out on top ! divisi
Future Present Past is out Friday , June 3rd / Listen & amp ; pre-order now at FUTUREPRESENTPAST
Ethan : you know what else ? Me : what ? Ethan : nothing else , but I'm a doctor !
JUST CHILLEN DOES ! ! ! UNDEFEATED
Can school just be over with ?
This is what happens when you wear balloons .
two pretzels + one hershey's kiss = heaven
How to make shadow puppets with your hands
the description is so accurate
MV2019 here are my pics from today
Ready to collapse and never get up
I'm ready for Christmas 2016 .
The Obama's on their wedding day , 1992 .
Snoop's senior photo , 1989 .
not to be overdramatic but this is the greatest 2 minutes and 20 seconds of my entire life
Can Hendricks come back ?
today is the last day you can this
hi you made me and my friend sob last night and we love you and falsettos was amazing and that's all
why do you get the cool teachers and I get the crazies ? Hahaha
I van certainly ask what would you want done ?
stress . break . point .
is tony gonna check it out ? ? ps - what are you doing tonight
I hate when people see me at the store & are like "" Hey , what are you doing here ? "" I'm like "" Oh you know , hunting elephants . ""
hells to the yea ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
like Diddy Kong , beeeeotchhh
How is mama doin ? TIP IT !
yeah your a lesbian ? your a big fat lesbian ?
baby call me after im outa work at 2 pretty please ?
okkeeey off to get a seat for harry potter ! .. but really for bellatrix ! ! text me baby girl =) love youuuu ... i txtd back ! ;)
Fuckin animal hosp . Never gives me a tip and they took my cat away from meee =(
lolol on break he came up to me to tell me that you and tried to scare him and he wasnt scared - __ - ..
you mean the dungeon troll ? good luck .
my dad said i looked pretty before ..... umm ? ? ... is the world ending ?
right now im full and i want to diet ... tomorrow ill be hungry and eat tbell again ... im sure
not to sound like a old person but .... its like talking to a fucking wall
ehh well i tried . i get brownie points .
something as simple as a sleepy voice makes me all warm inside and just ... awlksdjnfj cutiepants
Today I'm thinking of the Supreme Court . I hope they remember what makes our country great , and support equality for all .
Asher laughing at miss bailey ! !
20 weeks 1 day ! halfwaythere babyspresser bumpin
It's funny to me when I see a guy complain about girls not having self respect but yet they like photos of girls ' boobs . Wut .
My eyes are so tired and my mind is so awake .
Great dinner with the wife
Playstation made childhood awesome .
I support HUMAN rights . Gay people are humans like anyone else and deserve the same rights as anyone else .
Watched a drunk lady stand in front of a fan so it'd blow her hair while her guy friend took pictures of her .
Wow I can't wait until iOS 7
UDF's ice cream is always amazing .
My mom informed me that our Showtime is gone because of their problem with Time Warner . ARE YOU KIDDING ME THIS IS THE LAST SEASON OF DEXTER
I had a dream that I got my hand tattooed , so when I woke up I thought I couldn't move my hand much ... then realization kicked in .
Layover in New York for two hours .
apparently ! Haha I'm sorry :(
Lying in bed because it was a long day .
True Life : I wish my best friend was Jimmy Fallon
Stick To Your Guns tonight ! styg agora
Things I really need to do but have been putting off : get my hair cut , dye my hair , and buy new shoes !
Please help us in these last few days of voting ! Plays , votes and shares all help !
Really bummed about Derrick and Matt leaving Chiodos .
The eggnog latte from Starbucks is really gross . Coffee shouldn't taste like a barbecue .
That ParksandRec returns tomorrow feeling .
I'm definitely wanting a ukulele
FINAL : Game 1 belongs to TheLand ! LBJ and JR combined for 59 to seal the huge CavsHawks road win . ALLinCLE
I need to stop being sick so I can go to Warped Tour tomorrow
Even though it's 10am , I want a burrito . But what else is new .
I considered retiring them for a split second , but I've had them for about 8 years and don't have it in me .
I'm so sick of roof construction so early in the morning .
Went to the art museum and this room was my favorite . The Cleveland Museum of Art
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an SDCC exclusive Tony Stark Pop !
that'll get you noticed <3
you're cool (: i think Jenny & i need to interview you . For the Jenny & Kayleen show (: what do you say ? ! :D
Killer cricket just walked in my room .. we stared at eachother & ran into the hallway with my dog . Watch out hope my dogs eat it !
im really liking the turn out of this video (:
made my day ! & no problem ! anytime (:
pause at 0:15 , look at Alex ;D haha . God , MB <3
4 days - @jennysmyname 6 days-HS 11 days-JB & HS 12 days-HS
"" why do you build me , buttercup baby , just to let me down , & mess me around . "" <3
haha , i think my mom will be calling your mom tomorrow or something .
best summer of my life thanks to you . Last night completed it . <3
Friday , August 14th , 2009 (;
fo sho ! Mike & I might run away to a hide out : O & drink gentlemens brew & talk about our future (; haha
Before i sleep ... @honorsociety ' s bulletin made me cry ... <3
if you upload too many pictures at a time , it stops you from uploading for awhile .
It's always an adventure with my sister .
snap backs make ' em look so cute .
Happy 102nd Birthday , Great Grandma ! I love you :) :/ / twitpic.com /8 avcxn
Hello , May . Today starts the countdown to graduation ... 24 days .
Next time you're sleeping I'm locking him up right next to you .
it was great seeing you as well :) if you ever need a guest rapper you know me ! Have an amazing tour & amp ; I'll see you after :)
After a good , long , amazing night it's time for bed .
Ain't no rest for the wicked .
Don't invite me places if you're going to turn around & amp ; invite someone else . This is the second time you've done this to me . Whatever
My boyfriend gave me 3 out of 4 of his courtesy clerk aprons plus another tie ... ya know , in case I run out or something .
Listening to the Jonas Brothers live album of "" V "" ... the feels . Tears are flowing . I miss them .
When my phone gives me third degree burns you know it's time for a new one .
same , lol or be utterly creeped out
I was telling my mom that I hate the phrase "" I know it like the back of my hand "" because I really don't know my hand that well . So she says ,
Happy Mom Day , I love you !
Introduction to Minecraft from my third graders and a peek at how we used in in class ! via i
Teach Ss how to use knowledge . They find it quicker than you do edtech edchat ukedchat learnfwd 14
Colleen Stamm 8th grade teacher Farmington 8culchat
Thinking can be messy .. #oedcot
Did you make your account private ?
Q1 . Which of the 8 cultural forces do you believe is most evident at Dunckel ? oedcot
FPSmathscience : nfhs link leadership using teamwork and leadership to create the largest cube .
Hoping the storms here in Central Virginia won't knock out our power tonight !
I'm earning mPOINTS in What's The Phrase iOS .
I have personally struggled with this . Thank you so much for bringing awareness to this topic
I'm earning mPOINTS in The Weather Channel .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Weather Channel .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in What's The Phrase iOS .
20,000 holiday rewards from are going up for grabs soon ! PSPQuikly
Re : Scott Brown ( whose main goal is to defeat HCR ) winning Mass Senate seat that belonged to Ted Kennedy - * HEADDESK * WTF Massachussetts . WTF
scheduled on 10.28 . 2009 has been moved to 6.27 . 2010 . Door and show times will remain the same . If you are unable to attend because of ...
Found this Adam Lambert interview : The interviewer is such an ass though . Especially at the end , wtf uncalled for
Spent the day out on the town with =D Fun times .
If it helps I'm a fan of both Dir en grey AND Apocalyptica . XD I hope peeps will give them a chance .
So if my voice is audible in any of those clips I apologize to everybody and swear I can totes sing better than that . XD ""
Gaga just did a Vogue photoshoot wearing only raw meat . When she does it , it's art - when I do it , it's "" Daddy , you rui ...
I thank The Oatmeal from the bottom of my heart for this comic . But not literally .
Thank you so much LA , SF , Seattle , Vancouver , Chicago , Toronto and NY ! This tour was our dream come true also a new ...
Ah right , the old baking soda trick . I forgot about that . XD Thank you everyone who recommended that . = 3
It turns out there was another woman there celebrating - her - birthday , and everyone sang happy birthday to her . XD
Congratulations to and Atticus Ross for their well-deserved Golden Globe !
MUSE : Masterful Use of Screens . Excellent .
All you X Japan fanatics , my Q & A with for should be live some time next week . I will update ...
Kozi is safe . Keep checking the list here :
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are - RIP Kurt Cobain .
He did say it would be fine to go to either the Sao Paulo or Buenos Aires shows though . = 3
Btw not sure if I mentioned it here but I'll be vacationing in Spain until the 7th ! =D Looking forward to it . = 3
bumped in2 Public Enemy man ! I didn't have ma guitar so rocked em w / YouTube ! ;) ...
Yup , still alive :
So I hope all my followers remembered to watch onceuponatime tonight . = 3 Also I can't wait for next week's episode .
I might talk to the Super tomorrow about checking my heater to make sure it's not broken because my room's easily the coldest in my apt .
My artist , Mike Rubendall , is awesome . He works at King's Avenue Tattoo . If you ever want a tattoo , I highly recommend him .
Also there's been reports of people voting for Obama , and the voting machine reconfiguring the vote as one for Romney . Not cool . D=
I've made way too many hide song puns today . No scratch that , there aren't enough of those tbh . =p
A bus is even cheaper . Though it's also about an 11 hour trip . >:
Looking forward to being a team leader for the Yoshiki Street Team event here in NYC this Saturday !
Of course she was in Animation and I was in Illustration / Cartooning but that's still awesome . 8D
New Del Toro horror movie ? Period piece ? ? Set in haunted house with dark secrets and mysteries ? ? Del Toro ? ? ? GIMME .
The documentary about hide is at 9 , and the panel at the college I graduated from is from 6:30- 9:30 .
Haven't written a fanfic in ages but I got inspired today : ( Warning : contains major spoilers for Voltron season 2 )
Dolores Umbridge = trending ? And Luna Lovegood , too ? Did I miss something in the Potter-verse ? ? ? fO . o
Touching & heart warming : Stunning photographs of animals inside womb
10 Ninja Noses : Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles On Noses - via
iLikePeopleWho can find the creepy thing in this picture ... when you find it !
I was going to play Diablo 3 tonight , but then I took an error 37 to the knee .
Math was so easy until they decided to mix the alphabet in it .
Same here ! What do you think about Hearthfire ?
I should probably go completely VicMackey about my neighbourhood prob . But I already angst if I spelled VicMackey right . Hurrrrr duuurrr !
I agree , I love the song at the end of s2 . Do you actually have a fav character ?
Das unterschreibe ich (: Wie lufts ?
"" A time comes when silence is betrayal . ""
yaaaaaaaaay you are here ! ! missed u so much xxx couldn't log in to any of my accounts x ( hope u r well xx
ugh any more ? ! !
GUYS . Free upgraded 2 day shipping ends tonight ! ! The Winter Slay Queen Tyover is only
Someone got a haircut today !
I noticed you have no tweets ... do you even know how ? ! ! newgirl twitterbeginner
"" To every CEO in America : if you want somebody to get the job done , hire a veteran . "" - #POTUS SOTU
OOO O BABY ! AldiLittleJourney
Depression after childbirth is common . Seeking help is good for you & amp ; your baby The first step is talking LetsTalk
Ps I never played baseball . That was literally a jersey I got from the Austin and Ally softball team GoSonicBoom
Ruben Tejada left tonight's game with a fractured right fibula . Mets
OF Ryan Braun placed on the 10 - day disabled list , retro to 5/11 , with a left calf strain . INF Eric Sogard selected from Triple
Grateful to have been a part of such a special group of guys this 2017 season No doubt the best has yet to come ! ! BrewC
Hands up if youre CHAMPS .
Weve been hit with the Halloween bug ! Watch today for some fun cooking and decorating ideas ! thechew
Josiah's been asleep since 8: 30 . This means an early morning for us . notthrilled needtogotosleep coffee
There are some people who seek to diminish your dreams by squeezing you into their small-minded view of whats possibl ...
Faith knows that before you call , God has already answered , and the solution and the supply are hidden within the cont ...
I love this guy . Nuf said
aww missed you too . :-)
Boston : Gunfire , possible explosion . Hope no first responders are hurt in this standoff . Don't lose any more good people d
Season finale of HIMYM tonight . I promise you , its well worth watching watercooler
Josiah's Saturday morning with his friends , batman spiderman ironman and thehulk
Tonight I lay in bed with the worst teeth pain , earache , and headache . I need healing .
Stock up on your blues . All adult jeans are on sale in store until 8/ 30 . myONstyle
Almost HIMYM time ! !
To be childlike is to exhibit a rich depth of conscience , carry great wealth in your heart , love mercy , and be easily mov
and my book . Chapter 14 here I come !
Nothing is impossible for God !
The wait is over ! Parenthood
Two-a-day diet soda drinking habit increase CVD risk in postmenopausal women by 30 % .
Dreaming dreams for the future isn't a matter of being asleep on the job . It means awakening to possibilities that may com
Only 100 days left , if that ! ! ! 100days pregnancy 25weeks novemberbaby prego
And the Halloween / Fall decorations are going up ! Josiah is so excited
Tonight Tim Gidley prepared me to not have a C-section when Lincoln finally decides to come . Or he just completely freaked me out .
Lincoln is 2 months today ! He got 3 shots today and Josiah was very concerned for him . Old Harding
Dying EasterEggs tonight ! He had fun and has stained fingers . makingmemories Easterweekend
Road trip to Cleveland TN ! mommy blue morningsickness I - 24
Get ready for some serious family funny on an all-new LastManStanding TONIGHT at 8| 7c on ABC .
So proud of my friend via YouTube
My day , everyday . Feeding the twins and taking care of my 1yr old and my 5yr old and watching
LastManStanding is back in one week ! Celebrate with an encore episode tonight at 8| 7c !
Our day at the park . Scroll through to see their photo shoot .
Can you imagine putting this on your finger ? !
Chernobyl and nuclear power plant junk
So many days that I want to skip school but my after school life is too busy ...
Santa saw your Instagram photos and this year , he's getting you clothes for Christmas .
This is why Sammy D is my fav much respect
It's stupid for a person expect someone to know their subtweets are about them cuz that person is fucking with like 10 people at once .
yes . Yes it is . Welp ... Let's see what Hester thinks of the snow and me dying . Hester probably likes the idea of my death .
omg I miss those days .
Too many things going on in one day
Sometimes we dress up . Sometimes we look nice . I always love him , though .
You make it look like it's magic .... cause I see nobody but you .....
us realizing how fugly and stupid we were back then
how do I already have a sock tan
This will be my kid
HANNAH MONTANA'S ID EXPIRES TODAY
I feel like Punxsutawney Phil is as good as any other weatherman ... Maybe even better
Why does my water taste like vodka ? Oh . Wait ...
semi annual sale started today I was at capital city , but I'm pretty sure it's everywhere . It's great
When ur mad at bae but they think ur cute and doesn't take you seriously
I will make any justification to spend money on such unnecessary things
The greatest television news interview ever
But in German , you do
I want to take a moment to thank for the most beautiful image of me to ever grace the earth
Got a tree at my apartment and my house . Can you guess which is which
Happy momma's day ... momma :)
what happened ? ? text me .
sounds good to me ! now finish your HW :)
Decided on some volleyball tonight instead of hw . Bedtime ! :)
Yeah , thats right . I brought a toothbrush with me to the union . dedicatedstudent
going to turn in my final lab report then DONE with tuesdays . leggo
snow globe got the IU fight song stuck in my head
Too cold for school . torture
you and that spaghetti haha . So many pastabilitlies
you'll figure it out ! good luck :)
The math department is full of idiots . np saying that
haha now I'm an angry IU tweeter .
Pissed off that I have to use mozilla to do my calc HW and it's not even working . impatient
"" Oh mother nature , you bitch "" lil 5
She's not sorry she's eating all of the chips .
Congrats Dario Franchitti ! Great race
When your steering wheel is too hot to touch
Happy National Cheesecake Day ! So sad I won't be eating any
Hoping the best for Tre ! IUFB
Heading to the IU VS . UNC game ! So excited ! ! Let's go Hoosiers ! ! ! IUBB
she loves your witty sense of humor .
Okay Mother Nature , great April Fool's joke . It can stop snowing now .
yay ! I will let you know
HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY TO MY ROOMIE Love you and I hope you have a great day !
IU STUDENTS : and Follow for a chance to win 2 tickets behind the basket vs Michigan .
looks yummy , very jealous ! ! Hope you're having a great time !
you and the corre need to put that barf bag named new nexus and snorefest cena in their place DO IT BARRETT ! !
raw Cole has a point ... the truth hurts
WWE a lot of interesting things on tonight shows great raw and can't wait to see how it ends
RawP 2P i can believe the exotic dancing
MITB no reaction for seen cara
raw cant wait to hear and brag about rey mysterio being trending on twitter
raw even with the wwe title del rio still looks like a mid carder standing in that ring
impactwrestling plays her part real damn would pay to see her in some type of horror movie
NOC damn it booker i had a good feeling beth would win now you just crushed my hopes
Raw natalya is smart breaking her own pin up
Raw lets hope for mic time for nikki , zack ryder , tyler reks , and sin cara
SurvivorSeries there goes johnny ace sexting kevin nash again
SlammyAwards how come a-list david otunga isnt on here ?
NoWayOut figure now is the right time to tell everyone that aj is crazy , i dont think thats been expressed enough times
They might as well have had Rosa Mendes pin AJ and it would have been just as believable RAW
"" Yes mommy "" - Big Show RAW
Once again get screwed for the second straight PPV in the row Battleground
It's just been announced that coming in 2014 to "" The Best of Los Matadores .... vs 3MB "" the 3 - Disk collection series RAW
The good guys have played more dirty than the bad guys SurvivorSeries
RAW live from LA was fun , I even managed to stop a CM Punk chant from happening in the middle of the divas match
For all the nitpicking the internet loves to do it's interesting how they ignore how sloppy their perfect Paige looked tonight RAW
If you're happy to see The Miz , this ! RAW WWERetweeting WWE
Aside from that this was the greatest moment in the history of time ! The divas title is back where it belongs SurvivorSeries
Glad that is finally involved with it should've never been forgotten Nikki should've been the Corporate champ RAW
So it's been a rough few months but I'll save the sob story . Our channel will be back in action starting next week .
Dressed for success . DubNation
Doesn't feel like a Father's Day lol
The fact that we get to do what we love everyday because of yalls support is something I will never , ever , EVER take for gran
Literally left twitter app then came back to it in bright mode ... my eyes
Sometimes you have to move on , no matter how hard it is .
Ah , another inappropriate message .
Tomorrow is the 4th of July .
Good morning twitter ! Hope everyone has a good day .
Omg she does the same thing to me !
Keep growing , keep learning , keep moving forward !
One day , youll just be a memory to some people . Do your best to be a good one .
There comes a time when you have to stop crossing oceans for people who wouldn't even jump puddles for you .
. @scotthoying and sounding amazing at their live debut performance as and I couldn't be happier /
Thank you guys for the amazing questions ! ! Hope to see some of you at tonight for kirstinLOVEparty ! xoxo
The original Club Penguin charm is becoming endangered with the filter , lack of excitement , and the clear demographic CP
I've been to this account for awhile lol just haven't been active at all haha
"" you know what part i love about waking up ? none of it . let me sleep ""
SCOTTS ACCOUNT NAME I CANNOT OMG
All of my songs and voice memos ... If someone could find it and return it to me you would save my head from imploding .
So much love and happiness to spread .
You were born to make mistakes , not to fake perfection .
Pajamas + Christmas music = Make sure to tune into AVeryPentatonixChristmas on Monday , Nov . 27th at 10PM on
Happy Thanksgiving , y'all ! We're thankful for having the best players in the world ... and for Sparky
do NOT trust this man ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! he said he doesnt like candy canes and then he goes around dressing like one ...... $ 5 reward
If I see a last Jedi spoiler I'm going to SCREAM I've been forcing myself to stay away from them
happy new year girl ! Hope you ` re having a great night ! :-)
definitely none of that tonight . He was very confident even with a crowd that clearly doesn't see much hip hop .
. @CHVRCHES Day part one . In store
Spent last night watching Prince play "" Purple Rain "" at First Ave in "" Purple Rain "" . It's a Prinception !
It seems like rock shows have more margin for error . Perfection isn't required to be great . A great hip hop show takes serious work .
How is this match scoreless ? It should about 3-0 .
hey come here pay attention this is important : fuck donald trump and anyone who stands with him okay thanks good morning h
Resign you fascist toddler .
Can it please be nov 22nd please I can't wait to see #CatchingFire
How many pairs of tube socks is a good Mother's Day gift ? And do the need to be new ?
Ugh is OK guys . Get em next time . Seahawks
how is hurting bernie ? He wants to find middle ground and supports law abiding gun owners
sign 2 hold accountable 4 dishonest DemDebate coverage ! BoycottStarWarsVII TIDALX 1020 DrakeAlwaysOnBeat
So just said is perfect but we should settle 4 her . Na , I'll strive 2 make us the best we can B FeelTheBern
You know I think creating a BC / DOGE pairing would be a savvy buisness move blackcoin dogecoin revenue
Dont let become another gox
. @vtcwhale so 224 million interested now flt
BlackCoin is about to embark on a Professional Marketing Campaign that will last 90 - days . It's never been done before i
Dark will drop to around . 004 at least
I'll make it a little bigger for you
I have been down on doge for almost forever , but I honestly think its undervalued ... I am surprised to be typing it ...
MP would be smart to add Zimstake
NEW ARTICLE ! High Yield Returns , The Time To Invest Is Now ! and share article for a chance at
Finally . Smart decision . Hopefully they make some nice profits .
Do not chase after the RZR . Let it come to you . Plenty of impatient people looking to sell . Take them with low bids .
dat $ RZR jumping to 41k again :D
I do not hold VTC . I am holding BTC , RZR , Karma , and a small amount of BC .
Most of them are children , so my expectations are low . Granted they don't even meet those pathetic expectations ...
If RZR road is completed , that will drive long term value , as it will give RZR a unique use of its own . The alt market will also
And the effect that is desired in that case is topical . Ingestion is not necessary .
Hopefully people fix the fact that bitcoin currently can not handle the number of transactions it has . bitcoin
I support it , its a band-aid , but bitcoin needs one .
Someone should make a crypto currency . Make it POS , your stake increases as your wallet size decreases .
If wright really is Satoshi , a lot of people are going to end up looking really stupid . Me included .
Steemit is down . Uhoh ?
Dragon blood kills bacteria , new work into treating antibiotic resistance Steemit Science
You're going to be crying then . Onward to 5K
Since when do crypto traders know what they are talking about ?
Becoming emotionally attached to TV shows US
no sorry i can't come to school tomorrow it's a national holiday
if i could trade lives with anyone ...
Ariana told me I'm gorgeous ... I think my self confidence levels raised to an all time high tonight .
Luke Bryan .... You can shake it for me
So over tired I can't even sleep
Sunday school teacher : "" If you could ask Christ any question what would it be "" Me : "" Did Steven Avery kill Teresa Halbac
Forever fighting my sleep and don't know why .
We hope North + Saint like their custom jerseys ! SaintPabloTour
Only in Minnesota / North Dakota would you hear someone say "" it's hot out today "" in 36 weather .
UND's wifi has been just as shitty as it's parking lately
unless you get roofied and some psycho bangs you , there's really no excuse for cheating . ever .
I have so many phony friends .
Why do people always give me a sour response when I tell them I went to Middleboro High ? You act like I went to prison for 4 years .
If you can say you don't like Rascal Flatts ... I don't even know what to say because to you bc they're amazing . Get your ears cleaned .
PICKLES . THE FUCK !
Except I want to be there , not here .
I am having the BEST morning . If only I wasn't at work ...
"" You ain't got no black large ? "" OH MY GOD YOU NEED TO GO BACK TO SCHOOL NEVER MIND RUNNING A BUSINESS
Some people get WAY too pissed off about little things . Get a life .
Why do I feel so alone ?
I'd love to be a marine biologist and focus solely on sharks . dreamjob
Me and Mindy like to pretend Olivia talks and says she wants to do things , we're too much .
Some of the coolest girls have their hearts caught up with guys who don't deserve it .
Can I go home now ? I already hate today and I've been working 45 minutes ...
Literally spent my entire weekend with people I try to avoid . Way too much built up anxiety inside me right now
yeah I'm about to cut those branches off . done being a chauffeur
"" Sit on my finger and rotate bitch ""
I can't wait to get my little peanut <3
My 21st birthday is in 19 days .. Woah , when did this happen ?
Oh goodness your mom won't have that for a minute . Love that feisty lady
This could save a life
200 $ bonus from work .
ooh like how you spelt my name ! it makes me feel exotic
Seeing Halloween stuff already has me way too excited to go to a party that doesn't exist , or at least that I'm not invited to
Are you one of us ? AmericanHorrorStory Freak Show premieres tonight at 10p on FX . WeAreAllFreaks
smoking a bowl with a bud light in my hand in the hottub with jwall would be rn
Congrats on the new little babe , Alexa . He's adorable !
Parents : please , PLEASE do not teach your kids to hate based on sexual preference , race , gender , anything ...
What ever happened to saying "" excuse me "" when you completely run into them . Geez . Manners
What if the light we see at the end of the tunnel when we die is really us just being pushed out of a vagina into o ...
Or just check out the entire shop !
Jack , the Pumpkin King !
Bay at the moon . via
Brought Miss Kneesaa Jean home a year ago today ! timehop kneesaapup dogsofinstagram
I dont feel like washing dishes
I would not cry over someone else relationship tf
If only I had an older brother who I could go and talk to whenever
Hopefully I can get some sleep
I should stop talking to his ass
He's the reason why I smile
yo ass can eat something serious
Have to finish this personal statement
Graduation ain't comin fast enough
My phone dying quick as hell
He must have been mad
I need some entertainment in my life right about now . !
I haven't talked to my bestfriend .
Females will do anything to keep a Guy tied down to them .
Don't nothin be on TV smh
I'm in a good mood .
I think I eat subway every week . It's ridiculous .
I love long texts . Makes me feel like you want me & amp ; shit .
I'm so ready to go home
Even tho I suck at texting I really hate when ppl dont tmb or text slow af . Likeee who tf do you think you are ?
I need to stop thinking twice about other mfs feelings cause it's clear that they don't care . So why should I
me : "" rolls my eyes , I'm over it "" 5 seconds later : excessively overthinks it again
Is this ignore kylie day
You can't even tell that Smokey is in his 70 ' s .
I just added this to my closet on Poshmark : Costume Jewelry "" RESERVED "" . via shopmycloset
On PeaceDay we are at a crossroads where demand for has never been greater via
Ready to live your best work life ? AARP's giving away a $ 10K Grand Prize to give you a boost ! WIN @WorkSweepstakes
Tell 2 return $ XOM's money
More than 50,000 sea turtles could die but here's a simple way to save their lives - Sign the Petition ! via
Polls confirm : Bernie is the best Democratic candidate to take on Republicans in the general election . DemDebate
Do you honestly not think taking the large amounts of money out won't better help the government work for the peo
This cause is close to my heart - please sign : via
Urge the NSW Government to Implement a Puppy Farm Licensing Scheme to Help Stop the Abuse of Dogs and Pups
I just voted in Fight Big Money Madness - vote now for your favorite money in politics champions :
All Hail Hungary : Country Bravely Destroys All Monsanto GMO Corn - AGAIN via
Tell the Democratic Party Platform Committee : Stand Up to Big Drug Companies . Sign here :
Big shout out to for his leadership on DebtFreeCollege ! members thank you !
President Widodo , Shut down the Bandung Zoo now ! via
10 Mountain Houses That Take Style To New Heights
"" 10 Things They Won't Tell You About The Flint Water Tragedy . But I Will . "" By - - 10FactsOnFlint
Call your Senators & amp ; candidates . Where do they stand on NoDAPL . Tell them to support review . Call WH .
Tell Stand with wildlife , act on a strong conservation agenda ! via
Urge Congress to limit the president's power to start a nuclear war :
Join me in supporting the Help Save Bears Ears Campaign
Book Lovers are Obsessed With This New Website
I'm raising money for Bills Don't Stop in Summer . Click to Donate : gofundme
todavia lo quiero ver ! bendiciones para todos ustedes !
LamarOdom is getting better ... that's the power of prayer
hermoso vestido hoy en Eres mi fashiongirl favorita de doesitcomeinmysize
what lip color are you wearing in your latest video ?
Make it about elves and a ring MakeAMovieBoring
Happy Birthday President Always my president . Thanks to u I have medical coverage and was able to pay for college ! ObamaDay
She could be president !
I voted for the Best Fan Base ! Vote here : WMABritneySpears
Esta semana se ha visto hermosa y delgada
ariana grande fans are so stupid and low mental capacity besides the stupid Followers
It makes me smile knowing I just bought my tickets for NKOTBSB for June 15 . You're amazing !
Agreed . She also took CT some cottage cheese .
Best piece of the season ! Maybe , ever ! !
HAHA ! ! I just laughed so loud ! We have those moves down pat ! !
And so now you're in the inner circle . Welcome ;) TVDparty
comiccon my new friend-Boston Terrier on a chopper ...
Hi ! I'll be watching , and waiting patiently until then ! Can't wait !
I work for Chicago ! ! - Voight ChicagoPD
WomanCrushWednesday I can't with this hair ! ! Gorg ! ! ! !
Great White Shark and Kayak , South Africa
Me and my mama . TBT
DWTSAmericasChoice I want Bethany and Derek to Viennese Waltz to Til Death Do Us Part by Kait Weston !
Birthday cake ! They spelled my name wrong ! Lol ! !
MissYouMuch Hopefully you're not it Twitter jail .
Josh , let it go ! TheBachelorette Or will let you go !
Here you go walk in the beginning ! Best part of last nights show ha ha
Join us in welcoming back to the stage & amp ; other amazing acts to the lineup ! Can't wait .
Happy 2nd birthday , Madison !
Thank you for everything over the years ! So lucky to have you as my partner for all these years !
Just recreate the lion king , what could go wrong ?
Happy easter ( resurrection ) . Passover to my jewish ppl .
is the guy one of the Debarges ?
i was looking forward to seeing y'all
It wasn't til I lived in Corpus Christi in 2005-2010 that I got what Selena was about . RIPSelena
Mewtwo case for the lovely shinydiane ! ! If you would like your own custom case DM me or visit my
All I got left is his shoes then he is finally done ! kingdomhearts sora plush plushie wip
Umbreon & amp ; Sylveon phone charms ! ! $ 20 plus shipping , DM me if interested ! ! pokemon kawaii plush
Ah ! ! Can't wait to see this episode I love stop motion so much ! ! It will be one of the episodes in
Ghostbusters case for a lovely customer If you would like your own custom case DM me or visit my
Jake taking a nap on some fake grass adventuretime cartoonnetwork toys
. @SteveYeun ' s first order of business : Winning a claw machine stuffed animal ConanKorea
Why is it when people have disagreements they resort to petty insults ? Smh ...
We're all a little fucked up .
Maybe I'm being petty by being upset over this ? Ugh ... idk anymore ...
Everything will change . Nothing will stay the same . Be ready .
Home is where you can look ugly and enjoy it
Do you ever feel like every single person you care about cares about someone else more ?
my favorite song of yours ! !
get ur voicemail yet ?
what in the hell does that even mean ? ! Too cool for you ? Never ! Too cool for other people ? Maybe !
Can't to see HURRICANE ! ! I know it's going to be great !
what the crap does that mean ?
Everything is cooler when you have a mustache !
You might wanna check these out if you're planning on dancing !
Yay ur havin another kid , while ur next FB post is a pic of a toddler holding a gun with a truck on fire we can only assume he lit himself
It's 9:45 and I've had my fill of the sloppy drunk retard sitting at my table .
I just won 3 Swag Bucks for watching SBTV !
I just won 3 Swag Bucks for watching SBTV !
I just won 3 Swag Bucks for watching SBTV !
I just won 3 Swag Bucks for watching SBTV !
I just won 3 Swag Bucks for watching SBTV !
Y'all doing it right with trending ThankYouJustinBieber because my beautiful inspirational precious baby deserves all the
I love how alive the fandom is right now SignOfTheTimes
UPDATE | | Harry is apparently at the Bon Jovi concert at Madison Square Garden in NYC tonight
THE CHANGE HARRY DID TO MAKE A TRIPLET RHYTHM AND THE NOTE CHANGE AT THE END IS MY FAVORITE AND IT SHOULD'VE BEEN ON T
This is so deep I can't ... SweetCreature
harry : is me HarryStylesAlbum
Harry cried when he was singing Landslide with Stevie Nicks , this meant a lot to him . This is so pure
Harry will be returning to The Late Late Show next week , he has been confirmed to be one of the musical guests .
Other sold out shows for Harry's arena tour include : Nashville , TN Duluth , GA Melbourne Mexico City , Mexico
Sometimes I remember Harry wore a ' women are smarter ' shirt and glasses and the blurriest pics are what came of it and g
The first thing Christopher Nolan told Harry when he got the role was , "" I hope you know how to swim . ""
stop theyre so fond of each other I want to cry
NEW | | "" After that whole thing , it was that brotherly love . We will always have that love for each other . "" Louis on Z
"" wherever i go you bring me home "" 7YearOfOneDirection
Harry Styles and Tom Glynn-Carney talk about their time filming and joke around with the interviewer .
Liam likes sweet creature Niall likes sweet creature Anne likes sweet creature Louis is the sweet creature Harry loves
if you're proud of this little ball of sunshine IWannaMeetNiallHoran
Happy birthday to the late Amy Winehouse . True genius !
king of gucci suits ! ! ! ! !
now this is what we're gonna do RespectHarry
/ / NOVEMBER . 8 / / DARMANI / / KIWI KIWI KIWI KIWI KIWI KIWI KIWI KIWI KIWI KIWI KIWI KIWI .
Dunkirk is going to be available on some services already in a month's time . I'm getting so impatient and excited abou
TLSTE ALLin 2014-2015 varsity girls ' at Broadmoor School
me : what happens if I actually get a boyfriend ? mom : he will realize you are really weird and breakup with you . k thanks mom
When you finally fed up
and her dad are goals
I just got every single question wrong ...
YAY GOOD JOB BOYS SO HAPPY FOR ALL OF YOU YOU DESERVED IT
30 retweets and I'll wear my hair to like this to school on Tuesday
Not looking forward to having to wear a bathing suit but can't wait for warm weather it's a struggle
I remember it like it was 4 years ago
awe Maddy your avi is so cute
WHY ARE SOME BOYS SO DUMB TO REALIZE WHAT THEY HAVE RIGHT IN FRONT OF THEM
also pulled down 19 rebounds in North's win ! OVBasketball
Thanks for a great story on some of North's finest ! TLSTE
awe I love ya dude
Y'all might laugh at this but what kinda changes are you guys trying to make with your life , I'm proud of this guy
happy birthday ! ! hope you have a great day girly @maria_blatnik
I'd do this for 10
HAPPY BIRTHDAY COACH K ! ! ! @Klynn_Force
What are your plans for summer break ? How about a tropical getaway in your own home ? Mix tropical mango , island ...
Placing a Scentsy order tonight , message me if you need or want anything and I'll add it in . Orders can also be ...
Angela A . Chao ( AB 1995 , MBA 2001 ) - Alumni - Harvard Business School
I posted a new photo to Facebook
I posted a new photo to Facebook
I posted a new photo to Facebook
I posted a new photo to Facebook
Every person around me is , going to hurt me at some point of time . But its upto me to decide what is important ....
The next time you think you're perfect , try walking on water .
Pls RT ! ! Hi TeamAudra please help me move up the Country Charts to buy my iTunes Battle Performance song
Hey everyone ! Don't forget to check out my song "" A Broken Wing "" on Itunes PLEASE :) :)
I distance myself from people for a reason .
One of your biggest fans here and looking forward to the next episode ! ! !
Thank you Rev . I pray every 1 appreciates you like I do if not more . The time you take to serve others is ad
Your Body Is Perfect . This Will Prove it . This brought tears to my eyes . How beautiful is this idea and God Bless !
I choose gentleness . Nothing is won by force . I choose to be gentle . If I raise my voice may it be only in praise .
Check out the new WeBelieve shirts ! Available now on pre-order :
A million feelings . A thousand thoughts . A hundred memories . All for one person .
With God , there are no bad days !
Why Grimsley think dressing nice for once is insulting to Page
GO LOOK AT MY FOOT
i go from wanting cereal to not wanting cereal to wanting cereal to wanting carrots
Retweet logo without the letter to help ring ack the ees and well plant 1,000 s ! BringBackTheBees
When you take your goal celebration a bit too far ...
This is such a great idea
6,969 RT's and I'll legally change my middle name to "" Fucking ""
I'm sorry in advance if you watch this
to the people that didn't participate in "" put me on your snap "" thanks , ily that shit was pointless af
Dec 2nd - Gambino Album Dec 3rd - Drake Album Dec 9th - J.Co le Album Dec 16th - Cudi Album
home boy bringing the mood up
This clip is unbearable .
honestly as annoying as she is her singing voice is really nice
I lose interest when I am being ignored .
Michael Kors & amp ; Gucci are now using fur from genetically mutated foxes , kept in wire cages before being gassed or having the
Gotta rt every time its on my tl
all the classes I want are filling up , my keys are still M . I . A . and I need something fun to do tonight , but everyone is gone . sadness .
also , I want my book to come in the mail ...
when I close my eyes I see fresnels
oh Mound Eisley . I can't wait to see all your incriminating photos .
Ready , set , SHOOTOUT !
Play of the night : LF Diaz just tripped a guy in orange spandex who ran on field and was alluding security . He knocked h ...
says : "" You can't tell me you go geocaching and expect me to take you seriously as a human being . "" Amazing .
Just wrapped a great film by the best students ever at Columbus Univ , OH . Directed by Kristin Raimondi . Check ...
The umpire called Lugo safe when he was literally two feet from the plate .
Don't get excited . DLowe was positively awful last year .
This evening brought to you by Nina Simone .
Going to see my Braves on opening day ! ! !
I have to thank for the glory that is shower beer .
Young boy selling Coca-Cola , Atlanta , 1936 ( By Alfred Eisenstaedt )
here's a guinea pig wearing an orange pepper as a hat ... bye
Friendship 9 airs on South Carolina's PBS network , February 20th at 10:30 pm ! htt
At SundownSeries with - perfect night for a film !
ive never thought Dempsey was a clutch player but yeah i saw the Panama game .. who do we have in the next round ?
This is bad season .
Probably posting to twitter too much but these rankings better be reasonable . NSCAAbetternothoeus
thanks for the comment and like !
i'm trying to get my chance with NIKE ! can you retweet me please !
OJ Da Juiceman , watch and truck don't rhyme . sorrybro
Moving at 100 miles an hour .
Make sure your tweets are retweetable ... I like the shit you say !
I put my soul in this shit . futbolesvida
Road trips for soccer games >
The grass is greener where you water it .
Your ability to rationalize your own actions decides the line between "" right "" and "" wrong . ""
I see .. Well I bet you're doing great where ever you are now ! !
Change never comes from comfort .
I love it man haha
The sun is in no mood for games today !
A winner works hard to achieve success . A loser works hard to find a shortcut .
Buzzin for training tonight !
First Pre-season session tomorrow morning ! A new season brings new excitement ! Cokersoccer 2014-15 kaizan
why are you two so fresh lol
Never lose sight of who you really are
Win a trip to the Walker Stalker convention in Atlanta . Plus $ 500 spending money .
I've become relaxed and looked at the pics again . No way they can be real ...
AD stands for Attack Damage and AP stands for Ability Power . So an APC would be an Ability Power Carry
Swashbucklers are overpowered as hell now . Good job , KI ...
That's not new . :P
Meanwhile , crappy servers for everyone playing League
I find Gnar a pain in the ass to play against :P
No . Pokerus gives a Pokemon double EVs from battling . Nothing important if you don't do competitive ...
Hey guess what . A majority of the people in Bronze suck ! If you don't belong there , you'll carry yourself out . I can
Can we win this TSM ? Please ? TSMWIN
FIZZ ! Welcome back the perma-ban list ! He takes a week off and everyone forgets how to play against him cause he builds AD now .
TSM TSM TSM TSM TSM
You sound like you're having fun .
I think what made me stop playing was how a lot of the good items were from hoard packs . That and Loremaster .
Ryze won't be too good anymore after the nerfs . The Gragas nerf is pretty nice because it reduces his sticking
My work here is done .
If you don't get the role you want dodge . If you actually are so much better than these people , you're mmr will improve
Holy shit . I'm a lucker dog
JACK PLS ! ! ! ! ! ! !
People probably looked at their timelines and said : "" Wtf is this ? ! ""
I mean CLG went 0-3 in spring and won in Summer . Everything that cost you guys the series can be easily fixed . Good luck in summer . :)
Win one of 10 Origins or 1 Collector's edition of Overwatch on launch day ! How to enter :
\ Kappa / I'm mad as hell
Those cameras are so fucking loud !
Soooo cute jade ! ! ! ! 25daysofLittleMix
"" I REALLY want some pancakes with strawberries and whipped cream "" bRUH WHATNBTHES FKSLFL
"" What do you mean order ? What order ? - E HappyBirthdayLouis
IM TURNING 20 IN 2015 WHAT THE FUCK
dinah singing in her snapchat story omg her voice
Happy 22nd Birthday , HappyBirthdayZayn
SORRY FOR 4/5 BUT I JUST NEED AT LEAST 1 SOLO SONG FROM ZAYN preach it
new haircut by Creative Director zaynmalik 1D thelondonbarber
21/21 im so sad HappyBirthdayHarry 21PicsOfHarryFromMyCameraRoll
NEW Harry on stage in Sydney - February 7th - s 58 via holy shit
I wanted to see the boy next door tomorrow in theaters but there are like only 2 show times ? ? ? but it came out less than a month ago ? ? ?
I don't know why the boys , especially niall , were so nervous about winning ? ? You're one direction ? ? ? like have we ever let you down ?
I miss you so much
but we still want you ....
and although the reasons for his unhappy is probably modest / record label or whatever working them too hard , what's done is done and
WHY CANT I QUOTE TWEETS
I just found out eye candy got cancelled
yall im jamming we belong together was MY SONG when i was like 9
ONE OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL VINES I HAVE EVER SEEN
Play your games it's hilarious ! !
I hope scream queens is good ! !
yall this is literally me
selena and justin look so hot together
entire Twitter acc is just straight up positivity ! I love her so much oh my god my queen
"" Loser , loser , double loser , AS IF , whatever , get the picture , DUH ! ! ! "" thingsisaidinthe 90s 90sgirlsolutions
Happy 2nd birthday to my beautiful godson , Christian !
Icing a pledge as he gets taken away by an ambulance . TFM
I'M OFF TODAY AND SO HAPPY
The contrast is perfect Nebraska
Bought a little 3ft Christmas tree at Target . Super depressing .
I can have another you in a minute matter of fact , he'll be here in a minute youmustnotknowboutme
You are terrifying and strange and beautiful .
LMAO this whole video is accurate
Twitter , I keep forgetting you exist and I'm sorry .
Join me for a chance to win up to $ 100,000 !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Da Daily Compliment Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Name Da President ( Android ) .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Palabras .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Toot Da Baby for Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Light Da Fuse Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Ask Da Ball Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Bob Da Boat Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Name Da Flag Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Honk Da Horn .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Who Da Man .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Zap Da Bug Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Blast Da Zombie Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Roll Da Dice Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Who Da Master .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Cut Da Deck Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Tap Da Cookie Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Toot Da Baby for Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Ask Da Ball Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Swap Da Gem Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Name Da Flag Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Where Da Bunny .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Light Da Fuse Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Guess Da Number Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Ask Da Ball Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Da Daily Insult Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Da Daily Insult Android .
Join me for a chance to win a Bahamas cruise !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
Like sorry im nice ?
"" Do you want a new exciting career in the field of massage therapy ? "" NO I FUCKING DONT .
TICKETS ARE ONLY 45 DOLLARS IM DEF GOING .
Rariss and rovers these hoes love chief sosaaaa .
* Beer can popping open noise * Me : Jasmins here ! !
Good thing we keep our parking lot clean ....
Tell me did the wind sweep you off your feet ?
lmaoo bitches be hatinnnn !
The worst things in life come free to us .
Confidence is a stain they cant wipe offf .
well ive been mindfucked already and its not even 9 yet .
moree presents ? You really do spoil tf outtta mee but i wont think youre crazyyy , i promise
I hate sleeping alone , why dont you come with me ?
true omg its on the tvs every 15 minutess !
lol thanks for keepin me company during that dank lunch .
one person followed me / / automatically checked by
"" @miilkkk : this summer i'm going to go to my teachers house and be like .
I wish we could express our feelings by breaking out in song
we are productive af .
I dont think ive gone to bed this upset in a really long time .
My home and lockscreens right now > > >
what is this new button at the top of twitter go away bye
of course ! ! !
6 monthsss with my babyyy todayy
Not excited about this 8 hour shift at alll
Don't be afraid , we'll make it out of this mess , it's a love story , baby just say yes .
one person unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
be good missy ! ! ! :)
Janelle monae's hair must take about a half a bottle of spritz each time she wears that puff !
I see you have an ElectraCity pic on your profile ! Killing It ! :)
Being in the social spotlight can seem like a bit too much now ... More for Aquarius
You may be feeling very weary today , especially if you have pu ... More for Aquarius
go girl ! ! !
You need everyone to take you more seriously now , for you are ... More for Aquarius
You're trying to do the right thing socially , but a conflict t ... More for Aquarius
Your need for affection is strong today , but you may not be ab ... More for Aquarius
You don't want to defend your illogical feelings against attac ... More for Aquarius
Your vivid imagination is running on overdrive now and it's ex ... More for Aquarius
A friend or associate could present a real problem today . Alth ... More for Aquarius
You have a rare opportunity to share your opinions about a ver ... More for Aquarius
You may run out of patience now as unexpressed petty annoyance ... More for Aquarius
Relationship dynamics can grow so out of hand today that they ... More for Aquarius
Close friends raise the noise level of your daily routine . But ... More for Aquarius
You may have plenty of projects in process now and even a few ... More for Aquarius
Someone could present a wonderful idea to you today that seems ... More for Aquarius
It seems like reining in your imagination should be a simple t ... More for Aquarius
You could be nearing a point of exhaustion today , and don't wa ... More for Aquarius
The fireworks in your brain are putting on quite a show with i ... More for Aquarius
You possess a light and easy touch in your interactions with o ... More for Aquarius
You may benefit from redirecting your energy today if you hope ... More for Aquarius
Relationships are both the problem and the solution today . Nea ... More for Aquarius
Staying in the here and now is tricky business because your mi ... More for Aquarius
You are strangely quiet today , but your presence seems larger ... More for Aquarius
I'm now an A-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian : Hollywood . Come join me and become famous too by playing on iPhone !
IDGAF what Sean says .
Are you lock screen worthy ?
Big ass gash in the side of my foot from walking outside barefoot howironic
it's my alter ego bitch
I spit my water out
y'all know willow pape is secretly paris hilton lol
Pretty much every day I work from 8am to 11pm & amp ; if I'm not working I'm probably sleeping
I've already found the person who would come running to the airport to keep me from getting on a plane
We both know it's difficult nobody said we'd get hurt this way .
Ready to move far far away
There will never be a day when this aint funny
Suck ya teeth = sucka punch mamasaid emmanuelhudson
Ima tweet this everyday until he is in office
I was so hyped for this pizza but the little squares just ruined it for me
Just so tired of the repetition
Sooooo 3 out of 4 of my classes got cancelled today so I rushed here for nothing
When I got off break my manager had all the candy I had picked in a bag with the balloon tied around it
I can not say this enough Chewing Gum is so good !
Lmao I just changed it
I don't trust shit .
Im gonna be sent back to a country that Ive ever been to and Im gonna lose every opportunity that I have .
Win 1 of 5 Ultimate Titanfall Prize Packs from and - win the game and more !
trying to figure out twitter
Retired engineer comes to aid of paralyzed young man after tragic car accident :
There is still a couple hours left . Hurry in . The Adoptathon is Here ! via
2 Years ago tonight Worcester Rescue 1 Firefighter Jon Davies lost his life while fighting a house fire on Arlington Str
Fully fund the Lynn FD budget ! The city is gambling with the safety of its residents & amp ; firefighters . Lynnbrown
Hmmm .. still snoring ... didn't pass the change the channel test ..
STREAMING EARLY SATURDAYS ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :
Meanwhile at Revelation Dance Studio
Cook county / Chicago voting to make entire county no-kill take notice NYC
RETWEET if you're going to watch my post-apocalyptic movie RevelationRoad 2 starring
How about a new lid in honor of the upcoming SteelersDraft ? Retweet to win on GiveawayMonday .
how can this be I don't have a problem with either good food and / with good peeps
and that was first thing in the AM so that was just the beginning
This is Andre . Andre lost his way and found himself at animal control . This baby boy is friendly , sweet , only 3 ...
A real campaign poster from Japan . Maybe we can learn something ? ? ?
Want to win Cuisinart Smart Stick PLUS Cordless Rechargeable Hand Blender ? I just entered to win and you can too .
happy for but glad to see him gone always killed my
Ask Westfield to stop promoting puppy and kitten farming cruelty by closing pet shops !
Why I Went to the Vet on My Road Trip
This is Gemma , Ciera and Briana ID : 588393-395 Acquired On : 08/23 / 2016 How Acquired : Owne
38 kitties on the NYC ACC kill list for 10/13 want to live to see another day & amp ; a 1,000 more ! Pledge / share / save !
Salem is one cool cat , but needs help . Please help him in anyway you can . Pledges are needed , sharing is good , but he reall
RT @fathertazo HomeForChristmas appeal for senior bonded buds share / RT for BarneyAndBenny & amp ; make it a re
have you tried spatchcocking your bird take the entire backbone out and flatten out breast side up and roast easy-peazy
SUPER URGENT 7 Y OLD DUMPED AT KILL PLACE NEGLECTED ALLERGIC OWNER RESCUE FOSTER IS FREE HELPDOGS
Lost cat Pedro in Springwater , NY US ( 14560 ) lostcat
If it's too cold for you , it's TOO COLD for them . to remind everyone to BRING CATS & amp ; DOGS INSIDE !
no he's the POTUS to be I would be warning all the mother fuckers too
PLEASE SHARE ! ! KITTY - A0593469 - Please Share : * RETURN * ... Follow me here for more info and status updates :
Lost cat Ziggy in Elkton , KY US ( 42220 ) lostcat
Yes ! In less than a heartbeat Please if you feel same way #weeti Pic courtesy of Trooper The Handicapped Kitten
HiddenCash + Soshees are giving away money every day - enter here , new winners daily !
here is my tuna ? I hope all cats get good tuna everyday in 2017 .
OK but ... isn't this politically incorrect I mean .. wifey : honey it's garbage day will you take the blackout
RESCUE AND PLEDGES NEEDED ! Tiny 6 week old girl is all alone and needs help finding rescue ASAP ! Please Pledg
Those who really love you , will never run out of reasons to keep you , & will never make up an excuse to let you go .
Well thanks for checking . (:
I swear there is something in our driveway I keep hearing noises ! paranoid burglar
Im pretty sure I've eaten more candy this week than actual food thatisaproblem
Aww look how cute I was (:
I really wish this weather would make up its mind freezing
Is this person serious ? ! noidea
Buddy the elf , what's your favorite color ? !
I just love it when tweets embarrassing stuff about me thanksdear
From the bachelor to pretty little liars and then the lying game .. Why is all good TV on mondays ?
your gonna die from laughing cause you laugh so intensely calmyourself "" there are only 3 cases of dyi ...
I'm sure you'll figure it out soon
I'm glad I've never had that problem .
Ughh I'm such a jealous person whyyy
well someone ate it but no one will admit to it
I need a new workout partner !
Sounds good to me . Don't forget !
hahaha at Josh's face ! classic
i kinda like sittin at home haha thank God ! Its about time !
Had a great weekend with (: he washed and waxed my car , took me out to eat & amp ; to the movies and gave me a massage perfectboyfriend
So ready to go to Gatlinburg tomorrow muchneededbreak
Made an A in statistics ! HALLELUJAH
where have you beeeeen ? !
"" @CountryBlondeB : Cheating my way through college , one online class and test bank at a time . "" Haha thank God for Google
"" @Hank_It_92 : Screw working on Saturdays "" my thoughts exactly
That moment when you send out save the dates to long lost family members because you were told to and they don't even know who you are why
If I shout "" hey now hey now "" and you don't respond with "" this is what dreams are made of "" we can't be friends
I have that same wish !
Day 15 : Favorite romantic moment . Ray singing to Evangaline . theprincessandthefrog
I can't word today . thestruggle mybrainhurts
Made ibuprofen / caffeine tablets in compounding lab today ! lifeofapharmacystudent
This whole weekend had been exciting ! The city had been crazy since Friday !
Now there are emojis to decribe Olivia Pope's 2 food groups ! Scandal
I just got down to Ginuwine's Pony while making breakfast . notonTatumslevel
If I have my reoccurring nightmare tonight , it's going to be because of this creepy kid on ChicagoMed
Hannah , Jana , & amp ; "" Anna "" back at it again !
2016 World Series . Cubs vs Indians And then the world will end with the score tied in game seven in extra innings apo
Currently watching the fifth element and I'm so confused ...
getting compliments on a tattoo is always nice and reassuring tattoos
Movie Review : Kink , a Look at the Pornography Industry
Art or whatever moma art cheese robertgober Museum of Modern Art ( MoMA )
Things are getting creepy in the lab markfitton Parsons The New School for Design
Getting Matt Jensen's work out for his opening next week ! parsonsrepresent
Add this to the very long list of reasons why women often don t report rape
"" Pro-Lifers be like : Human life only holds value until you take it out of the package + then it's worth nothing . ""
literally about to delete FB until the holidays are over cause it's engagement city over there and y'all crazy
Dear guys who can't reconcile their desire for sex with their view that sex devalues women : please stay abstinent .
A cartoon by Find more cartoons from this week's issue here :
srsly what's a girl gotta do to get a hold of Lemonade for less than $ 18 or a Tidal subscription
HowToTalkToAWoman who is dangerously close to impaling you with her parasol
new updates to the website ! go check it out ! photography blackandwhitephotography film
I absolutely despise not being able to find a link to the original source in an article .
I want to see a 3D printer in the flesh so badly
I haven't had a cold for nearly a year . This congestion is killing me .
Audio : I realized today as this popped up in my afternoon playlist that this is the perfect song companion ...
Iris Johansen has a bit of a fe-mullet going on .
even patrons from out of town ?
Photo : Snowflakes for the storytime room . :)
This is me . I thought I was alone . Singing storytime songs constantly .
Today I will attempt to re-write the two things that the internet ate yesterday .
If I am doing nothing this weekend , I might make a tie-dye shirt for funsies . Weird craft vibe just struck me .
Especially since tech forward doesn't always mean tech savvy
First thought at MLA : no vegetarian option for breakfast . Second thought : ooo o they have Kleenex on the bathroom !
Send us poems about the moon for our next anthology ! We want to read your work .
We got our button maker today ! My first tester button is the moon !
I just really do it infrequently . I'll have to make a craft store stop tonight . :D
So many people upset at us / the IRS this week because of no instruction booklets for taxes . Next year , think of the librarians !
Apparently our front desk clerk is a printer nazi today . If you print it , you must immediately pick it up or NO PRINT FOR YOU .
Assuming a librarian reads all day is like assuming the CEO of Pampers changers diapers all day .
The library's purpose is to make your patrons freer than before they walked in . - Josh Hanagarne ARSL 2015
Things you should get medals for but don't : talking to hospital administration on the phone for any reason ...
Ditto . I can't even sit through a whole episode without my attention wandering away .
I've got a bad case of Bieber hair this morning .
The Worst Breakfast by China Mieville
A patron told me that I look more modern every time she sees me . Not quite sure what that means .
This is INGENIOUS . Stealing it . :D
They're making the Lost City of Z into a movie ? So disappointed .
Morning pets with this guy . My snuggle puss
Love and her description of Channing Tatum on Nerdette : Meaty and genial . :D
Good Lord publishers , stop describing every mystery as like Gone Girl or Girl on the Train . No one wants to read another 1 of those ( 1/2 )
Can't wait to see abed on community tonight . Shout out to stop motion animation !
U guys moonlighting at Sharp Urgent Care ? Just heard a nurse say Suzanne and Don are here ! LOL
Computer generated young Jeff Bridges in Tron Legacy is freaking me out .
meet Snowflake , Ty , and Bo our new parakeets . Notice the disco ball hanging from the top of the cage .
Dave has me laughing so hard I'm crying . Love him so !
How are you and my sweet Molly doing ? We need to do that lunch .
I feel very blessed :)
what kind of hillbilly party were you at ?
The end of an era is coming to an end . :( happy but also sad . New memories are going to be made !
My man graduating ! ! ! ! ! Classof 2013
"" @DamonLindelof : SquirrelNami ! ! ! RejectedSyFyTitles ""
Cheer up Beautiful People ! We will miss Breaking Bad terribly but wasnt it damn near perfect ? What an honour to watch truly g
Very true ! Thanks now I want 2 go watch it again . Congrats on the GoodReadsChoice award ! Excellent bio on JimHenson ! ! ! !
Just chillin ' watching tv with her sick Mommy . yesshesontopofthecouch dogsrulemyhouse
rereading Red Dragon & amp ; Will's swinging pendulum when he'srecreating the scene . Fuller does that & amp ; everything brilliantly
actually she is , and all of the clones too ! It is such a good show . Now watching AlmostRoyal on and it is hilarious !
I hate when I'm in the waiting room at the doctor , plenty of seats available & amp ; someone sits down right next 2 me antisocial personalspace
So excited ! ! SaveHannibal
Such a beautiful pic !
Today I achieved greatness . For the first time spellcheck did not correct fucking to ducking . Finally my phone learned I lik
Happy birthday Thank you for making us smile every Tuesday !
WE GOT A REPLACEMENT BRAD JEW STAR ORNAMENT canzechristmas
I KNOW LIKE SOMETIMES I JUST DRINK AND WANT TO LOOK AT BRIDESMAID DRESSES IS THAT AN ISSUE
"" never going home "" - every girl on a tropical vacation ever
WHAT OVEN LIGHT THROUGH YONDER WINDOW BREAKS , IT IS THE YEAST ( IN THE RISING CRUST ) AND SAUCE & amp ; CHEESE IS THE SUN Happy
and can we talk about how horrible this font is with the new twitter profile design
MY BACHELORS IN WEB DEV BLOOD IS BOILING
i can tell you that you're definitely nowhere near a 36 like that one girl tried telling you
reminiscing bathroom memories with bffz
i'm super annoyed at the people downstairs taking care of him , not the dog
Aw hell naw , I did NOT leave the south side for this !
My secret superpower is always managing to accidentally park on the truck side of the rest stop
I just Googled "" vanessa hudgens boyfriend "" , so that's how my day is going
All of the Duggars . All 853 of them can fuck right off .
"" he can't see very well anymore , he has guacamola ""
I wish I could listen to classic rock radio stations without the station promos telling me how to be a real man
DON'T BRING OTHERS DOWN ON THE WAY THERE !
The neocons are right , keep the refugees out . It's not like America is historically a place people go to escape religious
I think every day should be NationalPuppyDay
WAY TO GO MR DAVE
"" I'VE HAD IT WITH THESE MOTHAFUCKIN T REXES IN THESE MOTHAFUCKIN PLAINS "" dnd
I was at the Intersection last night and used my card for drinks and now I also have a $ 20 charge for Founders when I didn't go to Founders ?
Today's comic is a repost .
Last night was a Christmas miracle in the Uber
AKA family video is dope af
I had no fun this weekend Pratt Lake
I had two margaritas then flew over New York City at night while listening to Braids ' Native Speaker so of course I cried
SHOW ME YOUR COSTUMES MOFOS
Posting this before tries to scrub it from the Internet . ht /
repentance / true change - more wanting 2 "" look good "" ( not so cultic ) ) .
At least the Joyce Meyer tome is aptly titled ;-) .
Speaking of Warren books , does anyone else have a cult / false teaching section in their personal library ? What happens to them
Praying that the documentary I'm preparing glorifies God , exposes the error of the WF movement and presents the saving Gos
Mark Driscoll tells news reporter at his home , "" Sorry wrong address , I don't know ""
Why require photoshop for fashion models ? What's wrong with the way bodies look normally ?
Inserting myself into convo - read if u dare :-)
Well , I came up empty trying 2 find vid 4 that ( in part due 2 ( I think ) now "" marked private "" = >
Concluding notes : Survivor of Tullian Tchividjians Alleged Clergy Sexual Abuse Goes Public with Her Story Pt 5
Enjoyed listening to you on - TY to you & amp ; !
Check out my recent article on our blog
We ask to please take immediate action on H . R . 390 . It will help save 2,000 years of Chris
The epic battles between these two .
The Walking Dead : Check out The Walking Dead Zombie Apocalypse Week Marathon Begins Mon . Mar 25 via
I completely agree ! Every picture I see makes me more and more anxious to see the movie .
Just finished CaptivatedByYou Fantastic ! But , now what do I do with myself ? I'm already having withdrawals ..
Love how devoted and supportive the ForeverFamily is Forever
It didn't bother me at all . Yes its an account for Jamie but its your account ! Put whatever you want , you work hard enough !
& amp ; & amp ; need you to SaveFOREVER !
Foreverists are fans of extraordinary passion for wanting to SaveForever for Season 2
Sleep ? What's that ? ! lol I feel delirious from lack of sleep ! We'll sleep when we get a second season of Forever ! :)
He most certainly is ! SaveForever
Abe and Pops are too cute ! We need more scenes with them . SaveForever
Because there is literally no better advice out there than that of Henry's monologues SaveForever
SaveForever Love Detective Hanson's hair .
Foreverists there will be a live tweet on Saturday while watching SaveForever pilot episode 1 !
Want a perfectly acted , incredibly written / directed show ? SaveForever
BestEverTVAwards I nominate Alana De La Garza for "" Best Drama Actress
SaveForever How could you not love Detective Hanson ?
Have to wish my sweet little devil , Jasper , a Happy NationalDogDay Love this little baby boy so much ! !
Under Democrats leadership iasen cosen kysen gasen nhsen ncsen arsen aksen . Go voteblue and retweet this now h
I urge and challenge musicians and artists alike to push themselves to be a voice of the times that we
Happy New Year friend ! Wishing u continued joy and prosperity always . :)
Black lives today . Black lives tomorrow . Black lives forever .
Lucky as hell ! One day Imma be in the right time and place too . Enjoy !
I won't respond again because it's clear you are simply seeking attention .
I'm a fan of Chris Mullen , but you're telling me that he gets the St . John's head coaching job over former Warriors coach
To the Art Of War readers , I am The War Of Art . What do you really want ?
But wait ... Did u ?
Violence police shooting into a crowd killing RekiaBoyd . Violence is severing FreddieGray spine . Broken glass ain't viol
Quick question Megan . I want to use a sofa table . Should it be the length of the couch , longer or shorter ?
Yes , what a week ! How is Dj ?
Container living is eco friendly , cost effective , and ideal for those who wanna live large in small spaces .
I stood by a man I respected and loved . I was wrong . It HURTS ! ! ! When you get it ALL right , holla .
The Danger of Black Forgiveness via
for a cop to lie on paperwork knowing there's video evidence against him means he's functioning in a system set up to protect
That's a beautiful thing !
My favorite city in the United States
as opposed to what ? Publicly condemnation ? Humiliation ? We forgive white people for worse things . Ijs
Good morning y'all ! Exciting Precious ! Work or play ?
Peace Black . I told all my peeps you was gon ' be at this Open House I'm hosting today . So you should really come thru ! Lol
but we can't find ourselves . We can only develop and evolve !
I always suspected this is how white women viewed Black men
Givin Ms . Kitty a little Herbie Kerbie love !
Good news minions . In the case of a zombieapocalypse I've already chosen which of you I'm going to eat first .
You sir , are awesome indeed . Then again so is I !
The perfect gift to express how you feel . Buy it for yourself or someone you love ! Christmas ! fuckoff
I found this secret on
IT'S FINE TO DECLINE THAT INVITE FROM PEOPLE WHEN YOU ARE HAPPIER & amp ; HEALTHIER HANGING OUT BY YOURSELF mentalhealth ht
RIP Mr . Vigoda Abe Vigoda , Beloved Character Actor , Dead at 94 via
This Designer Is Taking Your Photoshop Requests Quite Literally - And hilariously . & amp ; nbsp ; via
Do I have to be verified through paypal in order to get my rewards sent to there ? I'm a platinum member . Thanks for the help .
It's getting close to November people . Don't forget to get out there and vote ! November Vote
And the hole in the ozone layer . My fault too . I'm hung . hung huge sorrynotsorry
Thank you ! It's nice to finally be noticed for my special self :)
ThursdayThoughts I had nachos last night . I think I'm good for a while . Be good to one another . Seriously . There's
Damn they still got mr clean commercials ? Lol thought that shit was dead llf
I want to read someone's diaries from like 1920s to see what worries were then compared to now
Where You Live ? City Morrow .
YouTube is one of the reasons for my insomnia
Me , him , & amp ; his high heel . How we spending out Saturday night
Not "" inviting "" anyone to do things with me for my bday , if they want to go , they will txt or msg me asking "" where "" and "" what time ""
Need to start buying Christmas
But there is money to be made
I love having my own place , even though it's really quiet 90 % of the time
I hate when I get home from work and I'm wide awake !
Giving these away : Heels size 5 worn once Sandals size 6 never worn !
Law & amp ; Order SVU is one of the most addicting shows ever
You must be used to be cryin ' while your out bumpin and grinding ... But I'm leaving you tonight
"" Hold Ya Head ""
If you dont laugh during sex at least once , youre having sex with the wrong person .
This floor got my back hurting , but I don't feel like getting up
ClassicHipHopAlbums The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill . That album is SO much more than hip hop tho
What's a good Movie on Netflix ?
I know I'm a handful but that's what you got two hands for ...
Off work , bath , then eat my left over Waffle House
This hot bath feels delightful
Oh well money to be made
Adapt and change your ways .
Yall be posting the most disgusting stuff
ur the greatest when sober . I loved it . And ur adorable .
who's working the gas station in Canoga Park today ?
thank you so much for the awesome gifts !
making any dodger appearances soon ? I wanna see you !
Woooo ! ! ! Thank you I just won my tickets ! ! ! ! Hopefully I can take my sis Saturday !
OMG ! You are fucking amazing ! liveonstage
please check dms I won a prize and have a question !
thanks for NOT helping me find you guys today :-(
darn ! ! ! Luna's in the top 5 . Congrats to the winner
can we get them again ... We're hungry lol twotoppings
Game day bling : Each ring costs about $ 5K . But you could win 50x that today . EsuranceSweepstakes SB50
you're still local sometimes right ?
what pursuit ? Lol they playing GTA live .
RETWEET THIS to win one of our MothersDay hats ! We'll pick a winner later tonight . LetsGoBucs
uh oh ! That's 2 blocks from home !
Enter for your chance to win McDonald's for a Year ! McDonaldsQuikly
Here's to hoping for a retweet from today .
spent the day celebrating that my friends murderer was caught . Sorry it's so late but HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
I wish I could afford this ... it's my grandmas favorite ... but we can't even keep our electricity on . :-(
Want to join us in Foxborough for the AFC Championship Game ? Retweet for your chance to win on VictoryMonday .
Woman dies of complications from being bitten by the bedbugs that invaded the facility where she lived .
Ja Rule & amp ; Fyre Festival Hit With $ 100 Million Fraud Lawsuit
Tortellini all the way !
Orangutan Has Incredible Reaction to Burn Victim's Scars
WTH is wrong with people ! I would like to kick her repeatedly !
REALLY WIN FREE TRIP TO VEGAS . You must FOLLOW , Like & amp ; Retweet to Enter ( This is Real ) . Now playing Walk This Way ( feat
I'm concerned about saving our way of life as Americans . Sure we got problems , but I'm in a swing state . Ohio can't go Trump
FG is not good . I don't believe it ! whodeyintheUK Whodey
Looking for something funny / awesome to put on the back of my shirt for the marathon . Ideas ? !
no kidding . I unfollowed Trump . He's boring as hell now
is it me or are the buckeyes playing against the emperor's guards today ?
Anything to keep people from talking about TrumpU
"" allies "" should be in quotes when talking of Pakistan
Look what I found .
might have . I say prove it or stop crying about it .
Trump just needs bigger bootstraps to tough out this first month
Our president only uses the BEST people ...
The only electronic devices Flynn is allowed in the FBI safe house is his ankle bracelet
Trump Kicks Off Sexual Assault Awareness Month By Defending Bill O'Reilly . \ _ ( ) _ /
I don't believe Spicer is a Holocaust denier or a Nazi sympathizer . He's just an idiot .
Jones played the card . LOL
With the 1st pick the Cleveland Browns select ......
It was funny at first that you didn't get the joke . Everyone but you did but ... but this has just gotten sad now
So Pence is a lying liar ?
Taylor Trammell's 2 - out RBI single in the 3rd give the Dragons a 1-0 lead , and a second run scores on the same play on
I feel your pain !
Wonder if I'd pass the test ?
Sorry . This is all I can see
He said "" Man , I hope she's right handed ""
Instead of everyone quitting Trump just took his ball and went home
Using assets and expertise from across NASA , we're helping to respond to now-Tropical Storm Harvey :
Looked for my wallet for hours . My wife goes and finds it in literally 10 seconds . Where do women get these superpowers ?
Dad said the first thing Mom cooked him was a grilled cheese & amp ; she burned it . Said he knew she was
anybody else see the film mrjones ? prerty interesting little movie .
Thanks "" @BadIdeasMovie "" for following ! connect w / me : FB at / via
I'm not going to be able to pee on your leg and tell you it's raining quoteoftheday
Him ? He works for us sometimes ... I think he works for everybody sometimes ... quoteoftheday
quoteoftheday he'd make a perfect stepkid
Just noticed this DrunksLikeUs clip with and has hit over 5K views
this is still going on ? ? ?
AnnoyMeIn 5Words this make me look fat ? behonestbutdontbeatall
I was a kegeling fool ... still am ! quoteoftheday miaaaaaaaaa
this seems about right on every level summationoflaura
so does OrphanBlack get better than the pilot ep ? cause this isn't very good ...
outside on delaware waiting to get in ?
I have 80 years on this rock if I'm lucky , I don't want to spend another minute on the hypebros quoteoftheday by
Hear Dustin's odious lies and Aaron's more thoughtful responses ! podcastfamily makemoviesgre
That happened quick .... Everyone could shoot . appaloosa such a brilliant movie .
OK social media world that whole positive vibes appreciated thing if you please .
You want people to love or hate but to talk about it . Only God Forgives d
OrtonvsMahal if Randy gives Jinder any chops those roid zits are going to pop all over the place
Something specific that a joeesztherhaus movie does to you . Hyped , horny , dirty .
It had a lot of * * real moments as i recall
I have a feeling you and I will be pubbing it up 1 way or the other .
It's one of those days I wish I had more energy to be more deliberately apathetic .
I won't go so far as to say that it doesn't have some merits . The plant gave a great performance .
An early afternoon of intolerance ... Mostly fueled by bono
That escalated quickly . AlienAnthology Flip book animation by
Just headshaking and disappointment so far
That totally NOT awkwardmoment when and I are discussing madonna and our favorite songs fightme
St . Patty's day parade ! I get to openly Irish for an extra day !
Hey , you sass that hoopy Ford Prefect ? There's a frood who really knows where his towel is . daddydidntraisenostrag
Seth Green is amazing and I hope to one day have a nerd paradise like his . mydayshallcome
It's 1 am and I'm just now finishing my homework . How do you college ?
Did I just order pickle barrel for delivery even though it's literally a block away just to avoid facing the wind and putting on pants ? Yes .
Well when you go , so never think I'll make you try to stay .
If this gets 1,500 RTs I will have sign a card of mine for 10 lucky winners EricSogard FaceOfMLB
EricSogard absolutely CAN believe it's not butter . FaceofMLB
why couldn't I be born into this era instead
MaxOut today to become the best version of you tomorrow . Motivation Monday
69 retweets ... * pfft *
oh yeah the shows are red and the eyes are maroon . Basically lotsa red . Bright red , unlike blood .
Is it bad that I didn't laugh ?
Is probably the most relatable account on Twitter , everything they tweet is on point
lmao I'm gonna do this just because of the IB project we gotta do at school
hahahahaha im pretty sure im still not tall enough for one of the rides at six flags . Fml
Im gonna be pretty upset if my phone gets turned off for something i didnt do .
maybe i do . got a prollem honkey ?
hows grandma doin ? you goin 45 ? ;)
omggggggg yayyyyyy ! ! ! ! I & amp ; #39 ; m gonna tweet to you errry day nigga ;)
"" Her families black .. im not racist but i dont know what they would do . "" -
Haha exactly ! Lol the movie was pretty good actually haha
Happy easter :) i still dont know what finding eggs has to do with jesus .
Everyone up here says straight "" nigger "" .. it reminds me why i stay away from that .
"" If you're gonna die you might as well take a few out "" - amar zombieapocalypse
I swear to god mom , if you dont let me go to prom im going to attack someone .
Great night with my niggas nd dayna (:
When you realize that no one really cares about what you're saying
When somebody sends me a "" k "" text , I assume they forgot the rest of "" fuc _ you "" so I make sure to correct them .
so show me family . All the blood that i will bleed . I dont know where i belong , i dont know where i went wrong .
Im just so tired .. nothing is real .
Blank stares at blank pages .
Come and rest your bones with me
The silence means everything .
Maybe some day i will see you again and you'll look me in my eyes and call me your friend .
Im not sure how or why but you make all that bad stuff just disappear .
You already let it pass through your lips , you cant take it back now .
anyone down to hangout ? INeedOutOfThisHouse
It amazes me how deep words can cut .
Careful ! Teeter totter crossing !
Miss you Jared . I love seeing these because
Fudgey Pumpkin Flourless Black Bean Brownies { Vegan and Gluten Free }
Here & amp ; #8217 ; s what Obama DOESN & amp ; #8217 ; T want you to know about photo of officer comforting baby via
It Is Recommended Even From The Doctors . This Drink Is Stronger Than Cure It Destroys Cholesterol And Burns Fat
Kaine : Dems will use nuclear option if GOP blocks Supreme Court nominee
Malkin : The messy truth about Van Jones
Tillerson Warns : We Can & amp ; #8217 ; t Let & amp ; #8216 ;P ersonal Convictions & amp ; #8217 ; Stop Teamwork
Insane : Take a look at what liberals want to tax WHITE PEOPLE for & amp ; #8230 ; via
Hawaii Considering Bill to Force Church , Pro-Life Centers to Promote Abortion |
BREAKING : Just before Gorsuch vote , Senate drops BOMBSHELL on confirmation & amp ; #8230 ; via
Girl with Facial Deformity Called & amp ; #8216 ; Tumor Girl & amp ; #8217 ; by Hateful Bullies . Then He Walked into Her Life
Wow ! I entered amazongiveaway for a chance to win "" CHICMODA Handbag "" ! Gift one to Dad ! giveaway
DISGRACE : Texas sheriff should be REMOVED from office after what she's just done via
Zoomed-in Pics Show NK & amp ; #8217 ; s Surprise Battle Plan on Their Side of DMZ
Trump is about to reverse one of Obamas most controversial initiatives via
BREAKING : 2 Democrat Congressmen On ISIS Payroll Arrested For Treason via
HILLARY CLINTON CALL PRESIDENT TRUMP ADMITTED SEXUAL ASSAULTER BUT HUSBAND BILLS SEX CRIMES ARE IN THE PAST
Follow so you can fangirl out about It's ran by my sissy & amp ; omg she is Inlove with him so it'll be good
I liked a video from Whites Refuse To Help Black Mother Whos Kids Drown During Hurricane
Free on * NEW * Natural Wonders Adult Coloring Book . Get it here -
I liked a video Poland Rises Against Islam - March For Independence , 11 Nov . 2015 ( GRAPHIC INTRO )
The globalist oligarchy is leading us inexorably to chaos , rape , genocide . Either we destroy it or it will destroy us .
I liked a video Saga - The Road To Valhalla
on each one you do . I post my evidence
yea will I keep getting band from face book and they won't do shit about hate speech towards whites
I liked a video Phil Anselmo gives a white pride speech Part 1/2
I liked a video Matt Heimbach is the New Face of White Supremacy
I liked a video French Foreign Legion General Arrested Calais France
I liked a video Guess who's coming to dinner
I liked a video Silent World | Full Movie English 2015 | Apocalypse Movie
oh shut up Terrorist who supports a pedophile as your prophet
Enter To Win An Amazon Fire TV Stick ( or $ 40 amazon GC )
I liked a video Mari people - Europe's last pagans
I liked a video I Mother Earth - Rain Will Fall
I liked a video Fake news : "" What leftists call conservative opinions they don't like ""
Finally giving this a read .
I liked a video from Number Closer - Subliminal Affirmations to Easily Get Someone's
I'm listening to Old Devils by William Elliott Whitmore on Pandora
I entered to win Spring Break in the East or West !
Prayer instead of medical care : Idaho woman wants her parents prosecuted
I liked a video GWAR - BRING BACK THE BOMB ( WITH TRUE LYRICS )
I liked a video "" This is Despicable "" Ben Shapiro on $ 15k speech charge by UC Berkeley
I liked a video Goatmoon - Son Of The Northwind ( 2012 )
I liked a video sumerian text , Sumerin Mythology , And Religion
I liked a video CELLAR DARLING - Six Days ( OFFICIAL VIDEO )
even after i sleep im still tired .
PFFT , we'll see the next game .
I have faith in today's game , go Germany !
I heard the show was crazy lit !
Really inspiring , no excuses !
If you think Mayweather vs . McGregor is going to be a big fight , wait until my wife finds out I just paid $ 100 to watch
So awesome seeing my sister on jimmykimmel TweetingRainbow emmaloewen
I really need to quit smoking
watch me and my bro Play LOL League on twitch kill
watch me and my brother play league ! ! ! LeagueOfLegends dope music funny drunk plugs peircings
Check the mix tape Fam 5wordstomakeitawkward ChangeTheWorldIn 5Words Hahah
Thank you ! ! !
He makes me so happy .
Procrastinating : don't wanna go home , so I haven't started packing . To sum up this trip : countyside & small towns = best ! London = just ok .
didn't know if you had checked online ... w00tstock tickets for SDCC are on sale ! Check the website for more info .
yep ! Row 10 !
No , Sandy is not evidence of God's wrath . It's evidence of our refusal to even discuss climate change & amp ; global wa ...
Luv tryout routine . Palmer got toe touch she asked for ( Varsity skill ) & amp ; I got fwd roll I asked for ( JV skill ) . Can't wait 4 Saturday ! poms
. @DoctorWho_BBCA : Steampunk TARDIS cosplay ? / This is why I don't cosplay - I don't have anything as cool as this !
I joined - you should too ! Misha Collins ' GISHWHES 2013 : Make global friends , create art and lose your sanity .
fiercefoto & amp ; twitterless ( ? ) Anna
Friday , February 7th ! Practices to be announced !
Alumni Sailorettes did a great job tonight ! Class of 1996-2013 ! Once a Sailorette , Always a Sailorette !
Great America Dance Fest 2014 !
These 16 - yr-old Irish girls won the Science Fair . Worth reading what they did .
Never get rid of your crayons ...
Caution : Pom Girls at Play ! epcot figment Epcot - Walt Disney World
sending mental hugs your way
Argo JV Pom : This team knows how to fill a gym floor ! They have the coolest and most creative pom tosses by far .
Yep , a bit shocking to wake up that way . I dread the moment I have to leave my warm safe cocoon every morning
Proud of myself for using NY subway vs rideshares but EVERY TIME I hit street level I have no clue which way to walk tourist
California Screamin ' Mickey's Fun Wheel Goofy's Sky School But my favorite so
I love everything about this scene . I cant wait to see this one ! !
rad . Best part about these games is just getting lost and exploring for hours
What is Tony Tchani's home address ? I want to send him a bottle of ' No More Tears ' . RCTID
"" It took us literally some time to finish this project "" bossquotes
Solid squad today . Looking forward to seeing how well Lamela works with Chadli at striker .
This is what happens when you let your two year old pick her outfit
LOL . announcers just said FA Cup final is NYCFC vs New York Red Bulls . Sunday they delayed a live Timbers match for a taped race .
OverheardAtDNC Don't say the word "" emails "" and if anyone does , blame the DNC leaks on the Russians .
Easily her heartbreak for firefighters that lost their lives on 9/11 . I hear from media that she thinks of them daily .
If this were more than locker room talk , then why haven't legions of women testified to it ( LIKE WITH BILL CLINTON ) ?
Why , are you airing "" Cats play patty Cake "" felinefun instead of airing bombshell report ?
No , this is the picture in question today :
One way to have avoided this would be not to nominate someone under FBI investigation .
NYT No Trump Russia link Bill Clinton $ 1M Birthday gift from Qatar
Trump up 140,000 in FL with 95 % in . Time to call it .
I followed you because of this picture
a little bit . Yesterday we got prob 4 "" in Salem and another 1-2 "" today . You ?
Infosec protip : A picture of a lock with a bullet hole is only effective as a security graphic if the lock is unlocked .
Democrats are suffering from the Wikileaks revelation that they're not a political party : they're a front for the CIA .
Turn the Planned Parenthood company into glass ,
Jennifer Palmieri's sister "" Sonia Palmieri "" is a RN at Medstar ..... did she help do the final deed on SethRich ? ? ? ?
What the fuck is wrong with you people
Come on , Chris . More like this but this time don't delete it . It's true .
Audio tape of Seymour Hersh discussing WikiLeaks DNC leaks and Seth Rich h / t
She really was too smart for her campaign .
How to relax with your dog
This is tabloid journalism . I'm unfollowing
If only . It's actually her nastier sister Jamzilla ! Jamilla comes to the 405 thisweekend
join me on a scientific journey . I'm not backing down on MedicalMarijuana , I am doubling down .
Ian , lets let ABC know your show needs Season 3 ! renewTheNeighborsABC
GRAND SLAM ! WALKS OFF ! ! !
so the same site that broke the allegations is now asking people to not jump to conclusions ? Makes sense .
I'll be the one guy to admit it . Bummed to hear ABC canceled "" The Neighbors . "" Thought there was some funny writing in
From what I'm told had two choices . And yes folks I'm live tweeting a scoop hunt .
Thanks in advance to anyone who reads this one . its a very personal story .
and if the person working doesnt offer you a piece ? they fuckin suck .
It's always easier to leave then to be left . - DM RIPLeRoi RIPLEROIMOORE ROIBOMB
please tell me us Americans will have a shot at owning this .. ive been dying for a crow print and this is THE one !
TheInterview Is that all it takes - an anonymous threat and the numbers 911 - to throw free expression under the bus ? Puss
This 12 Monkeys show is about somebody going back in time to stop Vince from buying WCW .
Tonight ! Don't miss the show is calling "" the best broadcast comedy of the new season ! ""
hope you're an interview on catching tonight . It's a great one !
TV Ratings Tuesday : ' Forever ' Rises , ' The Flash ' & amp ; ' CSI : Cyber ' Fall to Lows , ' Chicago Fire ' Loses Steam + ' Fresh Off h
McQuarrieMonday - In the event of an emergency , your X-wing may be used as a life raft .
will this go on sale online if you don't sell out ?
day here on out as Iong as he's feeling good .... lets remember stressful innings r more important than innings counts not
If Utley is not to be punished because he was trying to break up a double play , that means the neighborhood rule is nec
Each week on Fresh Off The Boat there are at least two or three great Constance Wu line-readings that I rewind just to
I like that the yellow The Mask zoot suit has become a Fresh Off the Boat running gag , rather than a one-off . That kid would
when does it become enough ? Seriously . I'm so ashamed and embarrassed of our country right now . This is such a terrible time .
This sentence is more hilarious the more you read it .
Let's Go Mets ! LGM
The Wave Sucks , and I have serious relationship issues , Cespedes for the rest of us is REAL ! #whatilearnedin2016
BREAKING : We've got Trump tax returns . Tonight , 9pm ET . MSNBC . ( Seriously ) .
Where did you go to school . We did the same shit in NJ and I loathe that song now
What an incredibly awkward morning this was ...
I'm at Como now ! I book events , programs , and such .
I'm hoping our bakery won't go for the vegan cake so the pizza will be a nonissue . I'm not knocking vegans ... just ... yeah .
Brief chats with the lovelies of convinced me that a trip back to Oz is a must . With less time spent in the Outback , of course .
Happy Birthday and I promise I can tell the two of you apart :)
We are all put on this earth to find the Bowie to our Mercury .
The Wolf of Wall Street is fantastic but you should only watch it if you have the time and money to go into rehab after
I wouldn't let you leave . Ever . Even if there was a fire .
Damn Yankees , Camelot , A Christmas Story , Nice Work If You Can Get It , Pirates of Penzance , Evita , The Illusionists 1415Ordway
Today is a bottle of whiskey type of day .
My grandfather just offered to give my sister the "" birds and the bees "" talk . Uhhhhh too late .
Any day where I get to eat pizza for breakfast is a good day in my book .
Stephano that guy is the best ( when he's not cranky )
Named a pizza after the infamous cryptid rumored to inhabit the Americas . Order free delivery & amp ; you can track it too !
Apparently obscure pop culture references are my thing ... trivia
Roommate puts iHome in very high place and says "" this is not a power grab . "" Riiiiiight . Thank god for remotes .
There's a parrot in my meeting . Like an actual bird .
Know how u hate on someone then meet them & amp ; they're cool & amp ; u feel bad u hated them & amp ; now u like them ? That will never ha
Went downtown for a meeting today as part of a "" focus group . "" I want to hang out there ALL THE TIME .
Everyone's cool with coin flips NOW , huh ?
Jacob Tremblay and Abraham Attah = True Detective season 3
It really sucks when you realize that the character you most recognize with is Marnie . Selfish and mean . Perfect .
I find it heartbreakingly serendipitous that is playing this weekend ... Bob's star is next to outside .
I'm that weirdo running between my front and back porches surveying wind damage . Storm OBSESSED .
Pretty sure just realized how long ninety minutes really is .
This morning I got four booties to stay on my dog's feet when we went outside . I almost cried due to joy / pride / relief / etc .
Yo , I get weepy anytime I see the constitutions preamble . GRAMMYs
This administration cant be trusted . if you agree that we need an independent investigation & amp ; special prosecutor NOW .
Potato hash infinitely improved with carrots BECAUSE ROOT VEGETABLES BELONG TOGETHER .
. @ChrisGethards is all thats getting me through this work week .
you need a break . Youtube is evil with "" copyright "" restrictions . : l
When I don't give my cat enough attention she jumps onto the back of my computer chair and hits my head .
Ye . Now I'm dead .
after they drop your brother off , they need to take his bed and drop it off on the way back
I found out the game is more like Tamagotchi than the Sims . You have no control over the Miis other than fixing up their personality .
thats an oxymoron TomodachiLife 3DS
i know but i dont have a real data plan for downloading apps or using the internet or anything .
fine be that way * smears mucus on wall *
In Local News : Teacher Picks Wrong Student To Believe In Every Fucking Year
I've described today as a culmination of suck .
You know how I act when I come over ? Rolling on the floor , eating bread like a snake ? That is me 24/7 . Those are not isolated .
What do I attribute my odd behavior to ? My parents ? The media I was exposed to growing up ? My friends ? My lack of thereof ? Probably a mix .
Good news ! I should have no problems falling asleep tonight . Bad news . It's because I have strep throat .
That moment when Donald Trump has better hair than Justin Bieber . Seriously it looks like he glued his old hair clippings back onto his head
Meet me down by Arby's if you want an ass kicking . It's completely free . Just kick my ass . KICK IT
Man Suddenly Realizes He Was Duped By Commercials Romanticized Vision Of Canned Beans
i was lookin for the skin video so here it is
I don't mind looking out for myself but I'm 200 % a hopeless romantic and i have nobody to romance and frankly life this is rude wtf
I've been racking my brain for a good 3 & amp ; 3 custom license plate to get . Since I want the nice Mackinac Bridge one .
* accidently walks into butterfly ive been waiting to spawn for 5 minutes and glitches it out of existence *
luv it when a full family walks in at 9:08 ( we close at 9 but cant lock the doors until 9:15 . company policy ) and t
going through my CDs and somehow my Stuck in the Suburbs soundtrack is still in perfect condition . Amazing .
This is my Mom being subtle about wanting to adopt children
VISITING EVANGEL ? ? ? IS THIS REAL ? ? ? ? ?
This is my fav pic of Sam . HBD friend .
The message of Elie Wiesel's Nobel Peace Prize acceptance speech is as relevant now as ever
I want to go back to 2006 to let 12 year old Hannah know that in 10 years everyone wants Sandy Cohen's eyebrows , just to see my reaction
I know I've never met Ice-T , but he is very important to me . I even named my car after him . ( Ice-T , pls buy me a new car , mine is sad )
Eating at Black Sheep for the first time . I will never be the same .
I don't know what happens at a pep rally at a public college , but I'm fairly positive a riot almost happened over Tug of War here at Evangel
Oh T Bell , you wait until I can have solid food . You just wait .
Put my old scooby doo sheets on my twin size bed . Wearing a St . John's tshirt . Watching the OC . Essentially it is 2005 .
Springfield is about as prepared for winter weather as Africa .
just made a Joe Buck joke , but I am the only one that caught it .... he didn't even catch it
you can be girly AND powerful
TSA agent ( checking my ID ): "" Hawk , like that skateboarder Tony Hawk ! "" Me : exactly Her : "" Cool , I wonder what he's up to these
I dunno why more people haven't taken ya up on that offer ! I think you're great ! In a week we can
You can most definitely bribe people with mac and cheese
Fun fact : Tobey Maguire and Rashida Jones were engaged in 2002 , but broke up because Tobey "" made it big "" w / Spiderman . You're welcome
Sorry babe , I'm on my way
self : Whats going on here and why
No way he could be Mr . Right if he doesn't get it .
Brooke Davis is going to change the world someday . Brooke Davis is destined for GREATNESS
Guy at Teavana : you just saved $ 53 Me : wow thats so cool , I dont even have $ 53
I can't stop thinking how Louis CK was so confident in the system continuing to enable him that he made , "" Daddy , I Love You . ""
Amber and Ryans relationship on Parenthood stresses me out quite a bit . I am on season 5 now
EVERYONE should care about this ! It benefits no one unless youre a faceless , mega corporation . NOBODY is asking for it . ht
here is her outfit for tomorrow :-)
Loving NewGirl ! ! ! !
Very disappointed shawntel was not given a rose and even MORE disappointed in selection of girls on the bachelor
When will our consciences grow so tender that we will act to prevent human misery rather than avenge it ? Eleanor Roosevelt
Just added hot new product to my boutique Check it out :
Just added hot new product to my boutique Check it out :
Just added hot new product to my boutique Check it out :
In one of his final performances , Paul Walker will appear in "" Hours , "" set for a Dec . 13 release : -
Too Cute ! AnimalFridays : Panda
TODAY : More than 200 employers are looking to hire veterans at a statewide job fair .
Check out this event ' U . S . Flag Raised on Iwo Jima 1945 ' at Iwo Jima , Ogasawara , Tokyo , Japan , Today via
Melissa McCarthy slams body-shaming : ' People don't stop at size 12 ' PopStart
Drawing on August 15th ! Come today to sign up ( no purchase necessary ) Foothills Furniture 2509 Newport Hwy
Madeleine Albright : ISIS wants us to think refugees are the enemy via
UPDATE : Here are more recent photos of the AmberAlert suspect , Ladarrius Johnson . Spot him ? Call 1-800- TBI-FIND !
23 years ago on this day , this happened
It's time to pick America's Favorite Houseguest ! Vote for the BB19 Houseguest you think deserves to win $ 25,000 :
tonight was the first game I've been to that you got in a fight , and I almost had a heart attack :') so exciting ! !
Just reading the news . Devastating & amp ; heartbreaking . When will the madness stop ? My thoughts go out to Istanbul . Sending pra
Working the night shift . Love all my co-workers ...
Taking a break . Was given the keys to my house and getting stuff moved in tired right now
Hard day with mom , due to brain bleeding she is saying all kinds of nasty stuff to people . trying to laugh it off .
If I don't get more than 5 hours sleep again this week I may just have to go crazy lol
Not a good night , my son is running a high fever and I am scared . Hopefully he will be better by morning .
I'm outta here got some wrighting to do , might make me feel better and less stressed :)
Outta here for a bit gonna take a nap b4 I have to go to the doctor
OMG I love that :)
Listening to my favorite Queen song "" Somebody to Love "" I like it but it makes me sad lol
Have fun on your date :)
ThinkingBoutYou makes me sad but I do it anyways :(
Kinda be glad when Christmas is over , cant get the kids anything because I have to pay the eletric bill :(
Did not sleep well last night . Boy am I tired this morning lol
I would have but I'm a poor old lady lol and his is easy usually just wants a buzz cut lol
Is anybody else bored or is it just me lol
Who was your favorite rival ?
Feet and legs hurt but went and picked a bunch of green beans .
Trying not to cry . Need $ 25 by Saturday to keep my gas on for the kids . Ex told me no , his smokes are more important than his kids .
Guess this one will do :P
Guess I will jump outta here . Trying to find something scary to watch , but don't scare very easy :P
I am so freaking bored . Here it is Saturday night and all I am doing is watching tv :P
Why do people assume because you are a tall woman that makes you gay ? I am not . Quit assuming ! ! ! !
Being part Irish , Scottish and Native American makes me look funny . Pale 3/4 of the year then a farmers tan in the summer lol
Wow . My cousin died yesterday . Exactly 2 months after my mom . What a year this has been .
Going to work on my cross stitch and try to get my brain to shut up lol
I am sick . No getting around that one lol
I don't like the sound my furnace makes when it kicks on . Sounds like a car trying to start lol
Getting ready to take kids to see Disney on Ice . God help me lol
Going on our 4th day of rain . Hope it stops soon . I miss going for a walk lol
Got my entries . Here's to hoping lol
I have NO Christmas spirit this year .
one of the best designs from 2016 for TWD / FTWD !
glorious . They go for a little more than a blue sig . but lmk what you want from me and we can go from there !
yeah since they are free they will likely get into the 2000 or more cc
yeah . dont bother w / the paywall and this one . proly save coins for 3 weeks when the jeter limited hits !
just trying to focus on bunt and sw for now is all
Still 200 of last weeks in there tho .
Always been a big fan of OD . Will be tougher to track these beauties down !
Now THIS is a gotw card toppskick
Sure . They aren't worth much tho as cc is in the 10k range by now . But I don't have them and wouldn't mind
Hang on . If I can get mls golds I prefer that but if I don't hear back soon I'll take it . Thx
Picked up some toppskick cards in VIP packs . Happy to swap for BUNT base purple and up .
The Bowman fun continues with rookies and signatures ! BUNT
So many ppl to thank but was the last 1 to help me finish all goal cards from this year !
even VIPs dont hv access . we've already paid in a lot , would seem like a small benefit to a
Nice to see Pat Neshek get a bit of Bunt luv ! Get the vote out !
Agreed . Awards were great !
Sig on bunt always has value each week .
Really nice group there ! Congrats !
Another frozen trade I'm contemplating . That molitor is essentially a 1/1 rn since the trader has all 4
Another swct xtrades asked for obi widevision and a boba reflections for one . Cause .. wait for it ... I had dupes !
u guys remember this chase in 2014 ? Wilson award was a 3cc . goodtimes
ok ok . im in im in . what are your guys ' IDs . i need to add some friends . i'm a few from that glorious marvel set ! ! !
I can use a few base . Take some silver and gold ?
Unfortunately need under 100 . Thx tho
confirmed . big time drop . 4 holo cards all of quality characters . 750 count so like others . however , 90k pac
Monreal brings the return of PL Boot Relics !
Only 47 cards available ... Chase Tom Glavine's Limited Legends insert now !
Please tell me we don't have to wait until March for the lineup ! I'm getting awfully antsy over here .
totally just saw this : umm yess I do believeeee . You should totally come !
These three wise men look like the most insufferable hipsters . notinthemood
it's gonna be one hell of a book
Julie Cooper . What a bitch .
What to teach during a 15-20 min semi private yoga demo / audition ? ?
Dear headache , Go F yourself . I have a class to teach tonight . Absolutely no love for ya , Lisa
On NationalRunningDay , Americans across the country are still running BostonStrong .
I would rather be shot than participate in Black Friday . madness crayppl nothanks
So worried about school , what am I going to do about the work I missed ... 0-0
good dammit Typo . Should have proofread ... ( )
because that's the face many women want to see right before bed
I liked a video "" MORE WALKING ( AND TALKING ) DEAD : PART 2 "" - A Bad Lip Reading of The Walking Dead
I liked a video from HOW TO MUSICALLY ! ? Q & amp ; A ASKLIZA PT . 2 | Lizzza
I liked a video ITS TIME ? ! ! !
I swear to god if doesn't win an Oscar I'm going to give up on the world Oscars
I'm not sure that's wise , The stuff on that website may scar you for life ...
People are clamoring for options beyond the establishment picks . BreakThe 2PartyTrap OpenDebates
thinks this is gonna be the longest shift in the history of shifts ... on 3.5 hrs of sleep and unable to nap ! I can always nap ! Grr !
There is something very strange going on today with respect to ... More for Scorpio
Circumstances appear to be pushing you into a corner today , bu ... More for Scorpio
Follow your gut instincts today if you're struck with an idea ... More for Scorpio
You have to work extra hard today to let others know exactly w ... More for Scorpio
Get right to the point today because others are listening care ... More for Scorpio
You can delve into the depths of your own inner world today or ... More for Scorpio
You are looking forward to connecting with others now that the ... More for Scorpio
I need to find UNHhhhh ! ! God I'm tired . I should have just asked for directions at the beginning ! dragon
THE NUMBER IS STILL GOING UP
i'd take a selfie with kinji
i thought some of these would be higher
good episode of side m already
Wheel of Fortune in Pokemon is just when they say a letter a bunch of Unown fly up onto the screen to fill it in
Seeing lots of "" but Lasseter made good movies , revitalized Disney animation , whatever "" in my feed . Being good at your job NEVE
OH MY GOD THAT BAIBLUE I NEED HIM
those are some HEAVY DUTY water guns
I think I like how Side M handles side characters and easter eggs the best so far .
HUMANS ARE BORING GIVE ME MORE ROBOTS AND FURRIES
every page in this christmas activity book is a nightmare
4th December is the birthday of Hanazono Tae , the rabbit-loving guitarist from Poppin'Party who sometimes lives in her
Took a picture of Zelda looking all cute in her cube and then she came out to see me
Update : While the Patorangers team finisher is a fusion form attack , the Lupinrangers will create multiple avatars of
Family and friends : "" what could be better than having kids ? ! "" Me :
Remember , remember , the 9th of December .
we hope to see you again !
kamen rider is better than sentai because its mor e badass and mature , its a lot darker because in japan they make it fo
Some samurai try to stop a drunk who lives on a boat with plastic rings and origami .
if these robots keep asking for $ 15 an hour theyll just replace them with a human who cant go on break
i collected legendary treasures when i started back up again . don't really know too much about 3-5 th though
* eye begins to twitch *
League Office is reportedly reviewing scenarios to allow both the Nets and Knicks to lose tonight . NBAonTNT
I would give a kidney to have a copy of that album !
As a fan , is it wrong of me to want AndrewBynum to have a bad game / season in Indiana ?
Has anyone looked for a glowing basketball ? !
For some odd reason I find myself hoping the Pacers lose the semis . Cantfigureitout
Yep ! Just do it . Spurs . TeamPnR
Does Godzilla get residuals every time they show that Samsung commercial ? ' Cause if they do , he'll never have to make another movie again .
Since the Wiggins for Love deal has been shaken on , that means we don't have to read / write any more about it , right ? RIGHT ? ! ? ! enough
A new episode of TheStarters is live at 7 pm ET !
Because Kelly Dwyer is an a-hole .
will there be any TV coverage or live streaming of the lionofAfricaCTOpen in the US ? * fingers crossed *
I have totally given up on trying to figure out WTF is up with NBATV .
If you drop a just-opened bag of Nestle's Mini Chocolate Chips ... you have a problem . :-(
This deserves endless retweets .
I don't see how the rest of the NBAPlayoffs can be any better than what we saw from the Spurs and the Clippers . Yes , that's a challenge .
I am totally ready to hate on all the Delly hater who'll be crawling out of the woodwork for this game . ALLinCLE
DELLY II ! ! !
Hilarious ! Thanks for the link .
if you can't wait to see our Big 3 take the court again . CavaliersNation
God ! I love Bruce Campbell ! ! EvilDead
Today is National Run it up the Flagpole and See Who Salutes Day . Lame ! I'm guessing everyone was stricken with ' flu-like symptoms ' . ;-)
the next time you and JamesHarden get together . :-)
Give a raise ! ! !
IGotTheCavs as my team ! Who do you got ? NBAPlayoffs
Retweet and Follow us to win a Kyrie Irving Jersey ! Must be following , and live in the USA . ( Any color )
Could JohnnyMiller be rooting any harder for Rory ? So much for impartiality . TOURChampionship
effort and execution are pathetic !
WAY down in Kokomo !
5yrs / $ 150 million ? ! D-Rose be D-lusional .
I really wouldn't mind the Lakers winning , except it means LaVar is going to be even MORE of an insufferable a-hole . If that's possible .
Summer , your kitchen is amazing ! It reflects you .
Just went through the slides . Wish I was there . Love the idea of choice and empowerment .
So much fun ! Kudos to you and Mrs . G . for planning . The second graders were engaged in learning .
I had a class there . Wonderland 101 . Someone has a great sense of humor .
A5 : I need to be a learner as well as a teacher . I owe it to my Ss to change when it is needed . Think about best practice . 21stedchat
Symbolically beautiful representation of the continuation of life .
TONIGHT : Rare BlueMoon to light up night sky
Love this story . I have a young adult nephew who lost movement in his left hand due to a tumor . Hits home .
hello 2016 May it be a great new year ! Happy New Year !
Try this teachingstrategy : Create conversations by sharing on big paper :
Check out the awesome name tags our EAinnovates makers made ! makered
No one fights alone ! Sending out to my fellow educators and contacts . Prayers to this young teacher . Fight on !
Love this idea ! Very clever .
How Nanoparticles And a Common Spice Are Killing Cancer Cells
"" Leadership is a choice ; it is not a rank . "" Why good leaders make you feel safe :
Know all too well the battle w / brain tumors as a dear one in my family had a cancerous brain tumor . God Bless you always .
casupts 15 what effect can we have on the PI status w new ESEA reauthorization ?
Viking Of The Day ! heisaweome ToBurma
Where's Jack the Wildcat ? Danny , Ryan and I are at the SC vs . Arizona game . Fight on !
Date night tonight ! ! FWB then dinner with my love ! ! It's soooooo nice to send time with my love ! ! : 0 )
so we have to carabeaner them shut when we leave the house or she helps hear self to the snack cabinet . LOL
Dr . Honeydew here to answer why Beaker doesn't type intelligible words in tweets ? So I asked him ! He said "" Mee meep mo ! "" Qu
Fly the friendly skies with a real airline .
if I come visit , will you take me curling ?
we Loved having you guys and thank YOU for being such a blessing to the ladies through your hearts and your song !
Goodbye ice cream sunnydays bereaswag
Happy Birthday ! Enjoy !
Omarion's secret wife is a bi-sexual stripper ? nooo ! ! !
JAM OF THE WEEK : Keri Hilson : TURN MY SWAG ON REMIX :
ok ! tell dad i said happy b-day too !
For that freaks , that movie is "" Little Children ""
How in the hell do I respond to tweets on mobile web ?
Side eye to Larry King ...
Another thing ! Take that hurt and move on . You've been there before ? What lesson will you learn that you haven't from the first heartbreak ?
save the best for last . I did , but unfortunately somebody ate it . :(
I am great . I wish today is a great day .
New York City is fabulous ... When you don't live in it .
This site is still up ? Or maybe I'm the lame one . LOL
Damn ! I missed you on Ustream . I am always late ! ! ! !
Consiente a tu familia y gana con el EchaleChallenge de -
Girl that's all a LIE . Kanye is 50 million debt . Did they report that ? Nope ! Forbes LIE . Beyonce works too much to be weathy
Why don't you ever talk about Beyonce's decline on pop radio & amp ; pop charts ? She hasn't been commercially relevant there since IAM
Looking for a little avo-inspiration ? Download this avocado recipe e-book now ! GoodFat AvoSweepstakes -
Can i get a happy 30th bday shoutout from my 2 favorite divas ?
can't sleep , have a lot on my mind ggrr
Really need to try to sleep . Work comes early
Take care , spike your hair WWWYKI
fuck the madonna if she dont do good job tomorrow dumb bitch
Nice guys finish last ! Im a prime example
Big 12SOC Final - defeats 2-1 .
Some crazy mofo in face paint and arm bands just crashed through the Pearly Gates and power-slammed St . Peter . Badass .
Haters looking at me Sideways KB Sideways TomorrowweLive 116
Physically , mentally , emotionally exhausted .
Someone should text me 304-685-2438
This is how it feels when you take your life back . This is how it feels when you finally fight back .
Exactly ! That's why so few people understand me !
A sneak preview of my wcw this week
That "" old person smell "" is actually caused by a chemical , called 2 - nonenal , that old people secrete through their skin .
Photo : really love when good things collide : Wilco was on Prairie Home Companion Saturday !
Video : This animal is bullshit .
Photo : thetardis : chrishaley : Lets Be Redshirts Again by Jemma Salume
Photo : Dinosaur Comics - October 20th , 2010 - awesome fun times ! Okay , but then also everyone who is ...
Photo : This is actually incredibly frightening .
Photo : myidealhome : Can I just point out the GIANT piece of hipster staring us all in the face here ? A ...
BBC News - LA cricket : Club helps tame Compton's mean streets
Color me jealous . Done with 2 classes . BAM !
What if I experience time from a non-linear , non-subjective viewpoint , say , a big ball of wibbly-wobbly , timey-wimey stuff .. ?
Jennifer Lawrence is too much for me with this party trick . ugh crushin
To be fair she was staring at her phone too . probscheckingtheolympics
"" I need to drink more if I'm gonna eat this much "" - happy hour with my co-workers . Win .
Our habitatncc staff is fostering 4 kitties we're calling the "" Habicats "" - two of ' em homes . Can u help ? catlovers
In StandingRock & amp ; his team need a pickup truck , a flatbed trailer , a moving truck , & amp ; a van . DONATE :
I'm happy knowing that you are mine <3
Maneuverability ... Ohh how I hate you !
"" One day without you is one too many and one more day with you is never enough . "" - - my wonderful soldier
Wow .. People are really Tweeting about ' s marriage problems ? Seriously people ? Get a life and leave the poor girl alone !
We love you too :) we need some cousin time !
I love that my boyfriend goes to church with me ! It's so nice having someone with the same beliefs , morals , and values :)
Can't wait to see my love tomorrow ! imisshim !
Driving behind people that go exactly the speed limit moveit
What else is a girl to do when her other half is working for 24 hours
We're having such a good time together , it's only just begun , my heart's never smiled so hard , baby , loving you is ...
Remember the Titans > > > >
The husband is out hunting so a evening of house work it is ! married womenswork lovemyhubby
Can't believe it's almost 9pm already ..... What happen to my day ? timeflies notenoughhours
"" I never even had a chance you know , you had me from hello "" - KennyChesney
Dinner and king of the Hill
Making spaghetti and watching King of the Hill with my love :)
Feeling a bit like Kevin McCallister . Home alone , with my own cheese pizza , watching old movies . No Wet Bandits yet .
I really just need today to end
Fifty-one years after the Equal Pay Act of 1963 , there's more work to do . Women deserve equal pay . TimeForProgress
MarketBasket deal : Arthur T . Demoulas to acquire full chain for $ 1.5 billion
and hopefully less snow please
you're a comedian-and an edgy one at that getoveritpeople fuckingtrolls
No LA police officers have died in the line of duty in almost 4 YEARS ! Details - - >
hate cause they ain't us inflatethis GFY
and they will never play in January in those five years theyneedaqbnotacb
even Revis would miss that crazygood nice throw by the Berger
Cast , Iron . Balls .
naw-he does like any religion-equal opportunity basher TheMoreYouKnow
you can only pity some for so long before it become contempt damnautocorrect
VIDEO : Peyton Manning is cranking up the rivalry for Chapter 1 ` 7 with this voicemail for his pal , Tom Brady
Happy birthday big homie ! ! ! !
sad-rooted for them every year in SB AFCteamof 90s
T2 : Maintaining a healthy weight can limit arthritis progression & amp ; limitations . ABCDrBChat ArthritisMonth
OMG worst . Pain . Ever . legorevenge
I still want to go to the Imagination Academy . Does an owl bring a letter ?
don't like it-totally understand it . There is only so much money for salary
the what special ? Time to rename it
sorry I couldn't resist tooeasy
we as fans are selfish . We like you and want you to stay . But it's business GoodLuckWithFA
Did he lose weight ? Or just beard ? thinner
Oh crap-is this the Pylongame
The fact that they have barely beaten ( average ) teams in their own division gives me hope-the Berger is ve
Cynthia has extra Watering Cans after harvesting their Orchard . Come and get what your trees are CRAVING ! farmville
Cynthia was looking around in a Baby Playpen and found some extra Animal Feed ! Grab some before it's gone ! farmville
Cynthia has extra Watering Cans after harvesting their Orchard . Come and get what your trees are CRAVING ! farmville
Cynthia was looking around in a Jade Aviary and found some extra Animal Feed ! Grab some before it's gone ! farmville
Cynthia has extra Watering Cans after harvesting their Orchard . Come and get what your trees are CRAVING ! farmville
Cynthia was looking around in a Jade Aviary and found some extra Animal Feed ! Grab some before it's gone ! farmville
Cynthia has extra Watering Cans after harvesting their Orchard . Come and get what your trees are CRAVING ! farmville
Cynthia was looking around in a Jade Paddock and found some extra Animal Feed ! Grab some before it's gone ! farmville
Cynthia was looking around in a Pet Run and found some extra Animal Feed ! Grab some before it's gone ! farmville
Cynthia has extra Watering Cans after harvesting their Orchard . Come and get what your trees are CRAVING ! farmville
Cynthia has extra Watering Cans after harvesting their Orchard . Come and get what your trees are CRAVING ! farmville
Cynthia visited their Feed Mill and found some Animal Feed ! Here is some to share with you ! farmville
Cynthia was looking around in a Pet Run and found some extra Animal Feed ! Grab some before it's gone ! farmville
Cynthia has extra Watering Cans after harvesting their Orchard . Come and get what your trees are CRAVING ! farmville
Cynthia has extra Watering Cans after harvesting their Orchard . Come and get what your trees are CRAVING ! farmville
Cynthia was looking around in a Wildlife Habitat and found some extra Animal Feed ! Grab some before it's farmville
Cynthia was looking around in a Baby Playpen and found some extra Animal Feed ! Grab some before it's gone ! farmville
Cynthia has extra Watering Cans after harvesting their Orchard . Come and get what your trees are CRAVING ! farmville
Cynthia has extra Watering Cans after harvesting their Orchard . Come and get what your trees are CRAVING ! farmville
Cynthia has extra Watering Cans after harvesting their Orchard . Come and get what your trees are CRAVING ! farmville
Cynthia was looking around in a Pet Run and found some extra Animal Feed ! Grab some before it's gone ! farmville
Cynthia has extra Watering Cans after harvesting their Orchard . Come and get what your trees are CRAVING ! farmville
Want to see in a commercial during the 2014 Big Game ? TeamSmallBiz Vote here :
I'm earning mPOINTS in The Weather Channel .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Movie Addict .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in NASCAR Rewards .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily Word w / mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Sudoku .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Cryptograms .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Price is Right Bingo .
i have a confeshmion ... now that i hav beem sprayed by skumk friend ... i am ... stinmky boye .
i cannot lie to him . he sees all .
how did you GET this
it had to be done
bad i hope . worse , for making me see this
it's 2017 grandpa we eat ass now
WHAT DID YOU THINK ?
it's a botiful day !
don't interrupt my beauty sleep !
ppl : i like ur oc me : thank y - ppl : they look just like me :
5 Heaping Dollops Of Mamas Famous Greens To Make You Strong So You Can Fuck
whatever helps you sleep at night you sick bastard
this looks like galahad is being judged by a Holy Court of Lesbians
thank you for these good images of a very valid babey
foolish . nothing makes me more rock hard horny than The Great British Bake Off
backstory : my dad wanted to sit down but bo was already sitting there , so they compromised
I dont give a fuck ! Alright ! I dont give a fuck . Ill get on all fours on the floor in Ikea and pretend to be a table .
So my cat Queen Sushi and I was feeling a little holiday cheer . Honestly we really just wanted to put a smile on your face .
a family can be Bayonetta , a Xenomorph , and their children , Sonic and AiAi
i am that b * nch
Comcast / AT & amp ; T / Verizon's man on the inside is about to publicly reveal his rotten plot . Hint - it's bad . via
If there was a therapist in Defiance , they'd need to be committed after the first day . LOL . :D
DeadBuzz Tyreese has officially joined the Lost a Limb Club , along side with Hershel , Merle and Bob .
I'm conflicted . Happy for more WD . Sorry to not be able to have more CBM next week .
I hate that they skinned the Doc . They need to share the love , not the hate . Defiance
Datak looks a lot like his father . Wonder if like Father like Son . Cool seeing what appears to be Casti . Defiance
Actually , it was a handmaiden , and Doc didn't help . XD Defiance
TheWalkingDead returns in one week w / more danger , more Daryl and new threats TWD
Now you're playing with power ... Retro power ! noschoollikeoldschool
Ross for $ 12 !
Cooked , cleaned kitchen , washed and folded clothes all before noon * Harlem shakes *
They're here They're here 45 minutes til doors open University Hall 7PM
I was 100 % here for that Ed Sheeran and Uzi mash-up
I mean , it's weird that you'll get fired for saying cops kill black people , but you won't get fired for actually killing bl
it's fucking weird that in order to go to sleep you have to pretend like you are already sleeping
Talons was a very nice place great service and great food them pork chips was
His glasses so thick he didn't even see the ball coming
ask niggas in the military lol
We really didn't choreograph this ... BodakYellowIsNumberOneParty
BIIIIIIIIIIIITCH I cant wait ! ! ! ! ! !
Congrats to Cardi B on winning Single Of the Year , Best New Hip Hop Artist and Hustler of the Year at the 2017 BET Hip Hop Aw
My roast came out so good !
The childs shoes are on the wrong feet
I'm not nervous about presenting . I'm more nervous about the questions asked following my presentation
"" fun to talk shit with "" stood out to me
. I hope you like my drawing guys ! NAVYART
My favorite one was "" bark at the Postman ""
Why in th do people like messaging me on FB ? Stop it .
I'd rather get me the waist trainer joints
Brian I'm sick of you . Square tf up
Marshawn Lynch needs to be protected at all costs .
I'm relatable . That's one of my strengths .
I need some vapor rub , kleenex and cough drops .
Why aren't you like this ?
Between the Uzi parody and Badu on EVERYDAY STRUGGLES , I am in tears
Give me that look again bitch , I'll rip it off your fucking face
Sometimes I wish I did act like a boy
yo keep ya heads up
how frick frackling dare you
EMABiggestFans 1D why is Niall naked whenever we kiss 1Dreamboy2
1Dreamboy2TT why is Niall naked whenever we kiss
Throwback 1Dreamboy2 Louis is now my boyfriend !
"" But Jesus on his part did not entrust himself to them , ... for he himself knew what was in man . "" ( John 2:24 a , 25b ) No point trying to fool Him
Love is patient and kind ; love does not envy or boast ; it is not arrogant ... ( 1Co 13:4 ESV )
Thanks to the Phillies for 30 years of support for quality ALS care . Read more at
Could you please this flyer for an event to benefit ? Thanks !
Wait ... Americans play soccer now ?
Rejoicing in this news ! Praise God !
The work of Christ is a story of the loving God who pursues us . ourdailybread GodatWork via
Jesus is our light in the darkest night . via
Remember all the ways God has shown you His faithful , covenant love . via
All nature declares the beauty of the One who made it . via
Thank you for saying it . I thought it was just me , some private freakish migraine nightmare . I'm w / fighting them terrible urges .
Wondering if I'll be on no fly list . Almost didn't get into Vancouver that time when my sister impersonated me during federal arrest .
The main question I have is did this douche talk like this before the break-up ? ' cuz if so , whoa .
Oh god don't get me started on voter disenfranchisement of my people . Or the maddening fact that they don't want to vote !
Survivors of interpersonal violence may need to BLAME THEMSELVES for the rape in order to regain internal locus of control .
My bloodychildhood was filled w / knives + guns wielded by lunatics who were forced into treatments that did not help , that made them worse .
Obama's speech in short : I'm a man with backbone and integrity and I wasn't going to twiddle my thumbs and watch genocide . F ...
I like Mr . Olbermann but crazy well-educated lady on train worst person of the day is not making the world a better place ! Worse = no empathy !
Come on my people stand up and sing it !
B / C people don't want to do these things . We * should * want to , so un-examined ethos of self-improvement makes liars of every 1
Krugman : Gingrich is a stupid man's idea of what a smart man sounds like .
Swear to Christ this is Texas on an average day
My needy little community of perennial fuckups is politically disengaged . Their issues will not appear in POTUS news conference on housing .
Gutless news fucks stop asking why he did it . People do this ! It's your job to show the handgun laws that enable mayhem . There's a policy !
When you are a warrior for your flaws , you search out the beauty in them .
Repeal the 2nd amendment . Enough of this pussyfooting . End it . inners
For those of you excited about Rick Perry not running for re-election , have you met likely future guv t
Too bad gutless is so defensive about the looney left tag they don't even allow conspiracy researchers airtime . It's a debate , yo .
returns to the Cactus Sunday June 8th . Tickets on sale this Fri 3/28 at 10am .
I've been stewing since the Post said the problem w / Genie , you're free is that it violates public standards on how we talk about suicide .
Your fault for individuating . Knock that shit off
WhyWeDontEngage because its crystal clear many of you finished your training with your stigma & amp ; lazy assumptions about m
The best way to complain is to make things . - James Murphy
Here's your Texas Miracle : 16 abuse allegations dismissed over a ten year period but hey , 17 ' s the charm . txlege
Twitter mercilessly mocks McKinney cop defender with SeanToon 911
On this day in 1920 , American women got the right to votehere's how the patriarchy fought them
Despicable , all too common structural propaganda , known as "" help . "" But hey , NAMI is thrilled , & amp ; that's what counts .
Two abused kids had 1 chance : a loving foster home . They hit the jackpot . Then CPS took it away . Pls this column . h
Finally , some media pushback to the gutwrenchingly hateful comment threads that follow these bonafide tragedies .
The Texas need to be right means this gentle , lovely soul gets daily ass-kickings + worse . Totally worth it txlege
I'm poor white trash but can't mock him since his fine column on Martin Buber ; why all should aspire to the I & amp ; Thou ( vs . I & amp ; It ) dialogic .
Jared Kushner always looks like the ghost of a young Victorian boy who died in that house and only appears in photographs a
Busted ! HB603 would be a good first step to correcting this type of thing ;) mdga 2015
Thank you , for standing up for ChesBay .
Tums , Advil and coffee is a pretty healthy diet right ? ?
lol or they DID do their research and that email was embedded with nasty viruses and spyware ;)
only IF he deemed the waiter worthy of payment for the goods and services rendered
Urban trees improve air , reduce energy consumption moretreesplease
BRB , need to help with clean up
I'm gonna go ahead and say it , those boys from One Direction have done well in solo careers ! !
I think this violates the unofficial rules regarding "" acceptable water bottles "" at enviro meetings as mu
( 1 ) the moon is not a new frontier ( 2 ) space travel relies on SCIENCE , which is completely dismissed by the Dump Administration
Yeah , but don't know what they're gonna do when I take my two weeks holid
Das sieht gut aus ist so
I noticed a long ti
Studio video for our Debut Single ' Fire ' Produced by Justin Johnson Kore Studios , London
Sounds of the Week 3
Retweeted larry anderson ( @ganderson7 ): Recorded Wagon Wheel on SingSnap karaoke
Look into her eyes , she's saying something ... please share WhisperingEyes MusicRadar mk360pick
Same to you ! !
Thx . I needed that ! !
Thanks for being mentioned . FF
Thanks Larry for retweeting !
Monica Dupont really struggling now with her health . Would love it if you would send her holiday cheers tweet . Larry
HAPPY HOLIDAYS ALL YOU BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE
We're looking forward to 2018 . has a new single "" ViperBite "" ready for release after Christmas and we're be
how much do you guys charge for logos
that hashtag , will get you 1 entry for my black ops 3 beta code give away BO3HYPE - aladeengaming
Retweet the poll to get as many votes as possible . Tell your followers how to vote . Just tap the option you want to vote for
just had hail in felony flats se portland
that sucks monkey nads . At least on Fridays the one and only Portland Trail Blazers djs for for RipCity
TIPPING DELIVERY DRIVERS 100 DOLLARS ( FEEDING THE HOMELESS ): via
youre a talentless fucking cunt who does nothing but suck cocks for a living and rely on fans for unnecessary cosmetic surgery
Shout i do some Twitter Shoutouts soon ?
youre making your mark on the world . Youre climbing the ladder of success
DM me a joke to make this round of chemo not suck
YAY ! I'm drinking TONS of margaritas today . . . I don't care WHAT you say . :p
has a job interview next Monday . Wish me luck !
Total BS you are a total dbag ! I can't believe you allowed that . Total crap you're the champ not Rollins
to nice to be in side working ! Must find a way to break out and enjoy a bit of this lovely day !
Wondering why power happy people bother me so much and why I can never get over a snub
Gonna miss my baby this weekend . It's going to be boring here anyway .
Wonder who I'm going to visit tomorow ?
: took a shower and then cleaned up the kitchen , now dealing with Christian .
So now I'm the bad guy ...
Happuy Father's Day to all you dads !
Watching 4 kids and finally out of pain . Busy day ahead !
I think that's unsanitary !
Ava Brielle 8lbs . 6oz . !
The new TV spot is awesome love the second to the last scene .
Server failure at work last night . Still down this morning . I hope they get out the bugs .
Watching Jon B videos . Oh , how I miss him !
I just got a FREE "" I Love Love "" sticker supporting marriage equality from You can too at : Pls
This is bs ! What the he'll are they going to do ! I hope she is going to be fine .
Poor I hope you can make it through the day now . Lol . I told you you and Brie remind me of each other , btw .
whycantyoujust Get . The . Fuck . Out !
Tomorrow . I forgot to add that part in the status .
yay ! I lost that title !
I figured we would take my car . I knew CW didn't sound right , but I couldn't think of what it was .
Maybe ! I would have if I lived in the neighborhood . Lol !
Things were going so well . Then my kids happened .
If you like giving your opinion and getting free stuff , then go to this link and sign up .
I just ran 2.91 mi a 14 ' 32 ' ' pace with Nike + . nikeplus
And you forgot that she would go nuts when she saw that . Close the curtain next time .
This guy is smarter than me - ( low bar to cross I know )
Being "" famous "" on Twitter is like being rich in Monopoly .
- first time Ive ever swooned over a baseball glove
Never trust a computer you can actually lift .
Twerking is basically a sport now .
Smiling at old people to show them you're not a teenage thug .
Seriously considering taking up the Patrick Star lifestyle and living under a rock so I don't have to deal with people
When someone plays the Charlie Charlie game anywhere near you
If you watch mean girls backwards , its about a girl that got so unpopular , she moved to africa .
I sing too much for someone who cant sing
Who remembers paul ? ?
Need to see this ! ! ! ! ! twisterloveslukebryan
? ? ? ? ? ? ? twisterloveslukebryan
Hope I can go ! ! ! twisterloveslukebryan
twisterloveslukebryan $ $ $ $
Can I have that stroller :D
Hi , I would love for you to follow me . Plz check out my syndicated radio show at shawnaontheradio.com . :-)
Looking for a popular show to add to your radio station ? ? Check out Shawna On The Radio . syndication
Are you looking for a hot , popular show to add , check out Shawnaontheradio . Visit for more info ! :-)
Thank you for following me . I would love for you to check out my radio show at
Thanks NewFollowers happy to connect . Check out :) ( via
Would love for you to follow me back . Please check out my radio show .
Thanks NewFollowers happy to connect . Check out :) ( insight by
Yes ... Super busy ! ! ! But it's GREAT ! :-) Thank you girl ! ! !
Thanks NewFollowers happy to connect . Check out :) ( insight by
Andrew will be on the show today ! Tune in to at 6PM EST by going to click on the WROM banner
I liked a video from TOM GIMBEL OF FOREIGNER
thanks for sharing inactive , have a great Monday :) ( insight by
Thanks NewFollowers happy to connect . Check out :) ( via
I would love for you to follow me back and check out my show at shawnaontheradio.com . Hope you had a terrific weekend !
Have questions for Follow me & amp ; tweetme your questions . I will ask him during tomorrow's interview . shawnaontheradio
Check my YouTube channel out . This is with Scotty McCreery ...
The UK welcomes Shawna May to the airwaves ! To find out when Shawna On The Radio can be heard in the UK visit ...
shawnaontheradio shawnamay igdaily me photoshop igers selfie ontheradio entertainer
"" Shawna On The Radio "" is available for download on iTunes , Stitcher , and Tune In . iTunes , Stitcher TuneIn shawnaontheradio.com
lists ' Drench ' & amp ; ' Free ' as their product of the week . It all goes down tomorrow !
Thanks NewFollowers happy to connect . Check out shawnaontheradio.com . :) ( via
This week on the show I announce my big news ! ! ! Also on the show , we have our weekly check in with the hit TV ...
beautiful snapchat selfie followme shawnaontheradio famous
loved it ! ! ! ! Well worth the money . It's really funny ! !
In the studio getting the show ready for airing tomorrow ! ! We have a great show for you as always ! ! ! ...
Smokey Robinson at Great show so far ! ! smokeyrobinson bethelwoods upstateny concert ...
Thanks NewFollowers happy to connect . Check out shawnaontheradio.com . :) ( via
Check out our last show for 2016 on our website , iTunes or our mobile app ! podcast ...
Rock the socks in support of Makenzie ! ! mackenziecadmus mackenzie rockthesocks rts 1000 rockthesocksmakenzie ...
joins the show this week ! july 4th
It's time for our Christmas Toys Giveaway ! ! ! To be entered to win this basket of awesome toys you have to : 1 ....
I'd learn voodoo just to curse you .
Join us on this beautiful Thursday for lunch on the patio !
alwayssunnyinwilmington loving my girl is so easy
In Stockholm , there is a speed camera lottery where good drivers can win money from the fines of speeding drivers .
Make friends with three people : a law student , a police officer , and a bartender .
still not believing that i'm back in school . must regain concentration skills . school doesn't really start til after drop / add
"" Yes so one of ' those ' girls . It's not a bad thing . "" Win .
Hella bored and wishing I was chilling with probs watching j's bod . Ughhhh
Go Pic ! ! ! ! ( @ Duke Track And Field Throws Circle )
True Life : I Have an Irrational , Delusional and Completely One-Sided Friendship with Britney Spears . "" please show this to Kate
"" It's the good advice that you just can't take . "" yeah sums it up .
Agent H and Agent M reporting for duty . ( @ International Spy Museum w / 5 others )
awesome end to the night : blasting teenagedream in the car with and
Don't underestimate the comedic value of cunilingus - quote of the night . Thanks Watts . Tweet by
I'm at The World Of Coca-Cola ( Atlanta , GA ) w / 6 others
I'm so proud ! You even have a picture now ! It's about damn time .
This makes me happy :
At least I have to comfort me : is getting her on reality TV show . YES YES YES .
I missed NationalSeersuckerDay . This is awful . It wasn't even in the Lilly planner . But we wear seersucker on Thursdays not Wednesdays .
Add to that thought : Cruz's 2 action as POTUS = investigating & amp ;p rosecuting PPFA bc it's the 2 most dire facing the US
Talk about the sheroes who were inside that building today . Doing the work of angels on earth . We Stand by you .
I'm a Muslim , and I would like to report a crazy man threatening a woman on a stage in Missouri . debate
Having the time of my life , I've a newfound respect of the desert & amp ; I've made so many new friends for
TwinPeaks VideoArt MannyLayers Portland State University School of Art + Design Galleries
Cardwell has been devastated by Cyclone Yasi , The Courier Mail reports
Lol despite what my family may think , I am less neurotic than 70 % of the population who took this 1 min test
Apple taking on media industry with revamped news offering
The real Alice in Wonderland , Alice Lindell , 1862 .
99 - year-old wins shopping spree at 99 cent store , buys gifts for kids in need
The more unloving a person behaves , the greater is their need for love and healing .
Wow : Talk about making a difference ! ! ! Teacher and student back at school after kidney transplant
In a heartwarming act of kindness , 7 - year-old Addy donated hundreds of hats & amp ; gloves to the homeless this Christmas .
Congratulations to all of the 2017 Oscars winners ! Heres the complete list :
Alfred Hitchcock directing MGM Lion .
A Dozen Homeless People Have Been Reunited with Their Families , Thanks to This Start-Up
Royal Caribbean says it's canceling a cruise trip so it can use the ship to help victims of Hurricane Maria
"" Hamilton's "" Lin-Manuel Miranda helps Hurricane Maria victims in Puerto Rico . Read more : via
Congrats you guys , it's about time ! ! ! So happy for you ... xx
OT : Props to Avs Game ops on the BBD "" Poison "" play . Indeed , never trust a big butt and a smile .
Today's NHL picks ; COL 3-1 BOS ANH 5-2 BUF OTT 4-3 FLA TB 2-1 MTL
good work tonight folks . See ( tweet ) you Sunday afternoon .
Scandella & amp ; Boyle off for fighting . Gotta get Marco the apple , fellas . mnwild
Zucker redirects Nino's snap shot from the slot . That's a team-leading fifth goal for Zucker this year .
Pavelski and Thornton capitalize on the rush . Thornton roofs it top shelf and the Sharks go up 3-1 .
Just remember .... the drinking game brought the mnwild power play good luck .
First comes to an end with no score in Montreal with good chances from both sides . mnwild
Vanek-Brodziak-Fontaine , another new line .
Again , good offensive zone time from the Wild on the PP .
This current version of the mnwild is downright depressing . Expected ? Maybe . Depressing . Absofuckinglutely .
Do we think this will wear off in the next 16 - ish hours or will I need to find another way to entertain myself ?
Until McConnell comes with some treats for them . Stay persistent , Senator .
I don't know a damn thing about pro wrestling but this is the best tweet of a pretty sweet evening
On a final note before - why did it take me SO DAMN LONG to find this album ? Holy salty God this m
Evan Peters makes pulls off cheeto dust flawlessly AHSCult
Man , if I don't see the next Billy on the Street with shepherding a bunch of clowns , I'm gonna feel cheated AHSCult
You are a disgusting , vile piece of shit who has done nothing to earn the title of "" human . "" ImpeachTrump
I mean , I can't stand the cowboys but A . The enemy of my enemy is my friend & amp ; B . DaktoDez all day for my fantasy team nopackno GBvsDAL
One can be happy with the offensive effort - especially on the fourth line - AND look at the top D pai
but sure , I appreciate the subtle dig at my level of fandom , which is apparently
Just dropped a sorry not sorry at lunch . AND IM NOT becauseimtwelve
I had the window cracked open . It was a collective groan / scream across the state .
NBC News projects Ralph Northam ( D ) wins Virginia Governor
Agree . Hes supposed to be the burner on that line .
For all of you crying for the return of Nate Prosser , you better tell me you also didnt want him gone last season . mnwild
Ask Betsy DeVos . She knows the answer regarding this little college .
As a Minnesota voter and constituent , I am so thankful for the hard work youve done on our behalf . It
Go to open up the app because the nhls website is powered by aging hamsters .... Every . Single . Time . I lov
I am earning cash at InboxDollars and you can too !
Check out Advance Techniques Reconstruction 7 Restoring Conditioner on Avon . via
Reindeer Wine Stopper Set AVON EXCLUSIVE Set of two seasonal wine stoppers . Silvertone and goldtone with unique ...
I liked a video from Avon Ultra Sexy Pink Basket Idea
Summer Home Fragrance Collection $ 9.99 each Each 3 - wick 11 oz . candle gives 30 hours of burn time . Each , 4 "" diam ....
I posted a new photo to Facebook
Campaign 23 , 2015 : The big feature in this campaign is the kick off to Christmas with the beloved Peanuts , fra ...
I posted a new photo to Facebook
INTRODUCING BLACK SUEDE SPORT An energetic mix of watery citrus , sexy sage and captivating vetiver that embodies ...
Free Passionfruit and Peony set : Shop my online storehttps :/ / t.co / reOgE 7qW0C you spend $ 50.00 you ...
AVON Campaign 17 , 2016 : via
shop my online store when you spend $ 25.00 you get free shipping use code FORYOU This ...
Anew Advanced Performance Crme is featured in Cosmopolitan Magazine January 2017 issue . December 2016 . If you ...
painted my nails in light and dark purple . Avon has lots of fun nail polish color's . You can
I liked a video AVON Campaign 22 , 2017
Do you love taking a relaxing bubble bath . Bubble Bath is great for play time for kids . I even use it to wash hand
Ahh so depressing setting my alarm back
of course I'll like it !
i look like actual trash when i get out of the shower and also when i wake upand also after i get dressed and go out in
Drunk adults are incredibly annoying
I'm in love with Megan Fox
Life is so hard when your best friend is a 9.5 / 10 and youre a strong 4 with the right filter and lighting
awe I'm so glad . Love you too
IM SORRY , YOURE ACTUALLY HELPING THO
Should have just stayed with last night
If you're not there for me then don't expect me to be there for you
Always tired , but can't ever fall asleep
SAME ! It's been like a week and half and I miss you so much
forever my fave vine of the holidays
i like Buttercup cause shes grumpy but kisses make her happy and i can relate to that
i just . want . to sleep .
don't accept half-assed efforts from anyone b . dead that !
I wanna be nice but everyone annoys me
my skills include being exceptionally clumsy
Don't settle until you get what you really want .
hey sex is great and all but have you tried not throwing trash in the ocean
so in love w my boy
No one is real ..
Worried about your beach body ? Here are 10 exercises you can do in bed .
"" @CCMFLive : Who has their tickets bought and their hotel room booked ? "" Me ! Hotel blue !
Darrell Harwood has a show on 05/08 / 2015 at 07:00 PM Jiggy with the Pig ... in Kannapolis , NC
Heck Yeah that wud be awesome ! ! CCMF 2016
have a hell of a show ! !
thats a tie between and All the artists were awesome !
I'm shaking my head trying to figure out wth this is :(
Its going down tonight in Charlotte NC FREE SHOW uptown
Getting ready for work .. thank god im not closing ...
Sooo relaxed .. couldnt be any better !
Went to leave flowers earlier for my Grandma .. Happy Birthday Love U !
ooffff with yer head .. lol
I can watch this movie over n over toWatching Bridesmaids with Viggle Sun | 8AM | HBO Comedy Get real rewards just for watching TV . viggle
Watching "" Die Hard With a Vengeance "" with Viggle . Get real rewards just for watching TV . DieHardWithaVengeance viggle
Just passed by our local line is starting up . I think we'll be there early for the prizes ! BlackOps 2 CallOfDuty
Search Bing , earn credits toward rewards . Join Bing Rewards to get started . You'll help me get a few bonus credits too .
Love the new video ! ! "" Come and Get It "" ! ! !
Guys we are aware of the current PSN sign in issue . Bear with us whilst our tech team sort it out for you :)
Will Drake sing a Gucci Mane diss ? Will Blac Chyna & amp ; Tyga get a DNA test ? Will TI respond ? Find out on the next episod
Fixing to play me some COD Ghosts since my love is at work and it looks like I am staying my ass at home tonight .. lol
I just entered for a chance to win a Chevy Avalanche from Grab a bottle and click here for your chance !
Merry Christmas everyone ! Follow & amp ; Retweet for a chance to win a $ 20 PSN Code . Random winner selected by the end of the day .
I'm loving on ! ! Too funny , I can't wait for the next episode .
Check out my selfie with Janis and Damian !
you know you're a real ding-dong when you don't worship Selena .
I'm sorry to ANY of my followers , customers or fans for offending you . I made a fucked up mistake to think it was ok to ac
I can't wait for ANDROGYNY palette I hope I'm fast enough to order one
Thankful for each and every one of you :
Y se hizo la luz en el monasterio de Merindades Burgos
Propuesta traduccin de palabras al castellano de cara a completar el 100 % de las palabras usadas en OsmAnd
Voy a hacer demagogia : el ciclismo ha logrado que Fernando Alonso sea TT durante 24 horas
David Rojas Rueda : Segn estudios llevar casco implica que la gente se confa mas andando en bici labicinoestorba
Probando y preparando la tecnologa NFC para la Ciclocross de Medina cc
"" @EuCyclistsFed : Casco obligatorio : una zancadilla al uso de la bicicleta en Espaa ciclismo bici ciclismourbano
Tutorial : Introduccin programacin Android va
Que no vea esto Mara Segu , que a lo mejor le inspira !
Colabora para mejorar el mapa de la provincia de Teruel n OpenStreetMap y evitar errores como estos ! cc h
ah al menos va a ojo de buen cubero un pentium 1 y un pentium 2 ;-)
In Copenhagen snowplows and sweepers prioritize bikelanes over cars > > thx
aprendi a no usar anglicismos gracias a la charla de iRedes
5.000 tweets ya y parece que empezamos en Twitter ayer !
Gran idea - Perfect Match : Brazilian Kids Learn English by Video Chatting With Lonely Elderly Americans | Adweek
Sabias que el canal de Corinto tuvo un predecesor en poca griega ? Diolkos curiosidades cc
si te puedo ayudar en algo en la quedada virtual de OSM dime .
La Unin Europea destina 14,4 millones de euros a fomentar el opendata en Europa
Newbie tip ( stolen from the Sureey cachers Facebook page ) geocaching
Presentamos pster iniciativa Canal 77 PMR 446 presentado en CIMA 2015 . Walkies / emisoras para seguridadmontaa
Ya tenemos el vdeo oficial de la II marcha "" #BTT Burgos Norte "" , esperemos que os guste Medina
Las ofertas de empleo de expertos en bigdata casi se han triplicado en el ltimo ao
Apoyando la campaa de acentate , "" las etiquetas en Twitter mejor con tilde ""
Vuelve la serie de televisin Vive la Va Domingos Vasverdes
Empresas y organismos pblicos suelen culpar a la tecnologa de errores cometidos , a menudo , por los usuarios
Castelsers , el pueblo de Teruel lider en ecommerce va
Vamos a por el pepino ! RT + Follow PcComponentes y y comenta con PcComponentesLoParteConECI por qu PcCompone
Si quieres ir al cine a dormir te recomiendo AssassinsCreedPelcula , es muy muy lenta la pelcula
nos cuentas que metiste mapas en el GPS que te regalaron , usaste mapas como los de plataforma
Este es el tamao de UY scuti , la estrella ms grande jams descubierta , comparado con el de la Tierra .
Tarifas de como la vodafonepass atentan contra la neutralidad de Internet , discriminando a OpenStreetM
The city of Medina in Arabia looks like something from Star Wars
Wow ! I just won this for free , Red Beaded Necklace and Earrings listia
My 3yr old daughter just said the Cowboys are gonna beat the Sea Otters . Lol CowboysNation DALvsSEA
while I love your pizza creativity , these new ingredients , sauces , crusts , drizzles etc . are a bit of a sensory overload .
Seriously - TiVo or DVR the Tonight Show tonight . You will want to rewind and watch again . Will Ferrell , Kevin Hart and Ar
Good Victory Monday Morning CowboysNation and Happy Halloween
Not jacket black ... #LivePD
Because women are more likely to be denied medical care due to reckless diagnosis of psychosomatic illness . YesAllWomen
What should I do if a male child tells me has has been abused ?
You know you're a writer when you have to fight the urge to cite your sources in your own journal . blogging grammarpolice
"" His eyebrows look like angry birds "" ~ wise words of
If You Ever Watched ' Harry Potter ' , You Gonna Enjoy These Awkward Moment
Two of Indiana's best teams get ready to take the field . FOX 28 will have the highlights from Penn at Crown Point .
happy birthday to the girl who got me through both chem & amp ; physics & amp ; always amazes me
the old guys at my work ..
Just want something real .
I drink it every morning so I can fight like a crow .
Happy Birthday Tony ! ! i would post pictures , but i found this gem and it's my favorite .. enjoy
I am amazing , I am a masterpiece
Hope you are watching the Hockey Game , just another conformation that you are usually wrong ! ! !
3 time this bad Pokemon has runaway
It'll be fine ... I'll Call on Monday xx
"" Have you seen the new Star Wars trailer ? ""
I WANT I WANT I WANT
the rainbow mouth , the scary one , all the first ones .
This game in playing now is so glitchy .
All shirts $ 10 AND free shipping ? TEMPTING .
Creepy babies . Greedo baby dude was cute though .
* sees another Star Wars trailer * * still cries *
NEED . N O W
Deep , deep down inside me I want the Jonas Brothers back , hah .
Please tell me how this thing thinks ? Because it doesn't have a fucking brain .
Fans are just saying they're bored because they hate Roman so much .
STOP I CAN ONLY TAKE SO MUCH PAIN
You're all clones . Disgusting , be original . Stop following stupid trends because celebrities do it , be yourself .
When you finally get to log into the PokemonGO servers
What a clusterfuck this has turned into
Happy Birthday to us !
Trying to figure out plans for the night like
I really just hope Sasha is ok . Her not being able to get up by herself was scary .
Never going to the AMC Theater Disney Springs anymore .
Her face when they said "" one more "" 1:21
IM SO FUCKING HAPPY FOR NIKKI OMG ! ! ! ! ! !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an SDCC exclusive NegaScott Pop !
Anybody want to carry me on Trials ? I just want my trophy / milestone . Destiny 2
no cousins doe if we lose your luck is clutch
thanks for the sturridged and di maria B )
well you guessed wrong today lol
the $ 1 entry you were in lol
yh open an mls pack and you should get it
well Hawks won idk about the mavs game het
lets just go back to fifa 14
you've got a shit ton of green white and silver rlol
can you take on magic plz ?
ah ok . Lmk . Game starts are 3:30 and I gotta go at 2:00
ah ok . Lmk if it works eventually . If not after the game or when it works . Even if it hits I still owe you
OF Sanchez or oF silva ?
Hey , I use CopyTrans Contacts to organize my iPhone contacts and it looks pretty cool . Check it out !
That's called fraud will not get away with it
I got 2 35k packw and a 7.5 k pack
np . Enjoy . Happy holidays
RETWEET for chance to win a Vote BOOGIE all-star pack ! DeMarcus Cousins NBAVote
if u need $ $ . I'll surprise someone in their DMs tomorrow w / free cash . I've given over $ 1k this past week . must be foll
Lmao Hm u need ?
I'm going to set something on fire if the midnight kiss is interrupted and Cas doesn't find out about origami saturdays .
Charo is just cute .
Imma need you to make a quick vid of you saying "" Homeboy got options , y'all , "" because I'm just having trouble heari
* Dean and Cas talked privately in the bedroom "" * Cas has his own room . * * Dean gave Cas a MIXTAPE *
I've been trying to find a way to make everyone's births about me , lol . 5/25 needs to have
I'm having an anxiety attack bc of that ep . I'm not used to all those new hormones flooding my veins right now .
I still like the idea of a postcard , but they can be collected and then delivered . They get tons of stuf
Cant ANYONE Just Say , "" DONALD , .. DUDE .. Have 5 Cokes & amp ; Chill "" "" ITS JUST A TYPO ITS NOTHING SMALL BIG , IS LYING ABOUT YOUR "" C
Cuz it's next . And it just came up on it . Like , I already want to kms , Glee is handing me the noose ? lol
I hate absolutely everything today . It's only just begin , and I've already taken a Lorezepam .
Omg lol . There's so much I missed .
Friends , I'm about to tweet about an emergency fundraiser for a friend's dog . If you could RT , that'd be great .
This is the most hilariously frightening thing I've seen on Twitter
Hamilton . There . Done .
Pineapple on Hawaiian pizza , and occasionally bbq chicken . How else I get my vitamins ? ANY OTHER TIME , THOUGH , yo
Pay It Forward . To Request : To Donate : Special thanks to the "" Clarence "" who s
to anyone whos ever had this icon , i would never trust you around my dog
What kind of acid are they taking at GH ?
They are wasting good actors . I wish they would just put it out of our misery and ax it .
If I didnt log off and burn my computer the second I signed up for Im unfortunately not gonna sta
dogs are the angels of this world
if youd want people to politicize your death ( i . e . take action to prevent future incidents ) if you were killed in a
I'll take just about any Chris available .
Good point . I wasn't expecting Kevin , so yeah .
Looks like Iris did not appreciate that double wedding . TheFlash
2004 - - Category 5 Hurricane
I liked a video Astro a40 giveaway ! !
I liked a video from QUICKSCOPING IN ADVANCED WARFARE
I don't get much views on my videos dude . You don't need too but could you retweet my Relax V4 Edit tweet ? thanks so much !
Following people till I get to 700 .... IF YOU WANT A FOLLOW ! MERRY CHRISTMAS !
Tweet at us who you think should win the Naval RC !
I fucking love u guys
bout to start the cine's for the recruitment challenge .
I liked a video Drake - Hotline Bling
Fuck I feel like I'm about to puke .... Fucking great
I added a video to a playlist [House] - Haywyre - Do You Don't You [ Monstercat LP Release ]
I added a video to a playlist Gorillaz - Feel Good Inc ( Black Remix )
- List of CSGO Betting Sites csbetsorg csbets
I added a video to a playlist Minecraft SkyFactory 2 - MAGICAL EXPLOITS ? ! [ 18 ]
Write on this post what u think about this north korea shit .
MAGE TRAINING ! ( SKYRIM ): via
I liked a video from BEST . 308 SNIPER AMMO SPAWN ? ! ( H1Z1 SURVIVAL 3 ) ( DISLIKE
I added a video to a playlist Tory Lanez - LUV Remix feat . Sean Paul ( Audio )
borderlands 2 with squad ( funny moments ): via
Whats your best tip for curing Hypothermia in DayZ . Cuz i died twice from stepping in a puddle , and it raiding for 10 seconds .
MY ASIAN IMPRESSION ! ( H1Z1 KOTK 27 ): via
Huge thanks to and for the sweet chair !
Headlining last night was dope ! RattPack
DIED TO SOME 1 IN GLITCH . CLOSEST TO TENTS .
AIM CHEATER / ESP ( Plays with ENTIRE cheater team )
The fact were about to hit 100 million streams for let you down blows my mind
not a joke . I might gotta learn ...
But I have a job now so working buds with my fav neighbor
Lolol girls are pathetic insecure ? ? ?
why not this weekend ? !
Can we just confirm that i watched your snapchat story to get rid of the little notification , not because im interested
Prob stat is either gonna be hard af or super easy
My parents and the group their going with are all wearing green drunk 1 shirts to the pub crawl tonight
Flyguys let's go ! !
Len Aydin's advice towards senior week : "" respect the body ""
Last night of work can I get a hell yeah
LILY I FINALLY REACHED 2048 . Thought you'd be proud
Can't wait to be home ! ! !
no ..... ? U loser
Big brother starts tonight ... goodbye life
Can something good happen in my life plz and thanks everything sucks
2 am walks around the hood with a drunken father and the dog > >
This makes me so happy
Lindsey got hit in head by a rock from a local and just got hit by a car ... rough life
3 weeks of health assessment is actually completely like how it was in high school . Same routine everyday . And it's absolute hell
One of my biggest downfalls in life is that if I don't have anywhere to be , I never ever wake up from a nap when I originally plan to
Omg if anyone knows my obsession with this game they know how much I just freaked out . First time I've gotten this
Apparently they sell Duck Dynasty tshirts at Justice ...
18 . The damn dimples 20ReasonsWhyWeLoveHarry
Your eyes are so blue , it reminds me of The Host .
"" "" niall horan "" ""
who wants to be 200 ?
please follow me ! i love you so much . - 13
favorite this : for GO ! SHE IS SENDING A DM TO LUKE BROOKS & amp ; LUKE HEMMINGS IF YOU FAVORITE . HURRY
please follow me I love you so much . 56
zayn doesn't give a fuck . lols
i would audition for the x factor just so i could meet the boys . but the thing is i have no talent .
"" niall won sexiest man in ireland "" HE'S FINALLY GETTING NOTICED HOW SEXY HE IS , IT TOOK IRELAND LONG ENOUGH GODAMN
I am appalled by what The Mirror has done to my family . It's disgusting and immoral . fuckyouthemirror
' ' the sunlight looks good in my face , right ? take a pic of me ! ' ' ' ' what ? no ' ' ' ' take it now or i'll crash this car ' '
I WISH THE BOYS SWORE LIKE NOBODIES BUSINESS DURING THEIR CONCERTS
WARNING : DON'T GIVE KIDS TO ZAYN MALIK IT MAY CAUSE THE DEATH OF 274859 GIRLS FROM CUTENESS MTVCLASH One Direction htt
at least you get invited . lol
Least ya know what it looks like now
1d were formed in 201D
do u ever watch a movie and realize u have to watch it again because u were on ur phone the whole time
But I don't want good and I don't want good enough , I want can't sleep , can't breathe without you love . - Hunter Hayes
Summer 2014 has been the shortest summer yet tbh .
Movies in 2015 , save the dates
That was SICK , approves . OpeningDay
Just turned in my 90 point essay
What if your pillow could collect your dreams and in the morning you could plug it into your laptop and watch it all o
Honestly so stressed out & amp ; I don't even know what I'm stressed about
When someone says they don't like Friends ...
Don't just tell me that you love me and care about me , show me
When someone tries to tell you friends is overrated
"" That kid grosses me out . He looks like an emu "" - @regan_rhodes
Just trying to stay positive
life is beautiful when you learn to see the good in everything instead of seeing the flaws
you have got to be kidding me
People who do stories like this need to delete their snapchat
There are 1,013 , 913 english words but I never could string together any of them to accurately explain how much I want to h
Do not ruin someone else's life because you THINK you're okay to drive after drinking . StopDrunkDrivers ripAuntDeb
If someone makes you happy , make them happier
like seriously ! If people didn't like it the first time they won't like it the second time either .
All I know is that I don't know nothing .
it's mY HOUSE ILL WALK AROUND NAKED IF I WANT TO
"" Hey mom do you ever think gunnar would dump me ? "" "" Well if he was smart , yeah ""
you literally have the most beautiful cat and face
' ' I love when these white things explode in my mouth ' '
"" Once upon a time there was light in my life "" - Total Eclipse of the Heart
Me flirting : do you have a dog ?
dude same except not w cole obvi
I had someone try to return something from 2014 :/ the worst part is thEY STILL HAD THE FKN RECEIPT like who keeps that shit !
When a female is used to getting hurt , she won't know how it feels when a man starts to appreciate her , so she ends up pu
Sick burn , bro . VoicePremiere
He's my number one favorite , go Jeffery ! VoiceSave VoiceSaveJeffery
Person : well , you don't SEEM depressed . Me : don't I know it . I bust my ass everyday trying to hide my symptoms .
damn ! I just choked on my coffee laughing ! You trying to kill people in THIS economy ? ! ? !
Thanks for all your help ^_^
This gif pleases me . It pleased me greatly . :D my 1042 word count also pleases me .
I DID THE THING ! Finished 5 minutes after midnight with 50,085 words ! So happy that I made it ! NaNoWriMo
The whole of the Labour family , and indeed the whole country , is in shock and grief at the horrific murder of Jo Cox
The year is 2072 . Cybertrump is still in charge of AmeriEarth . Toblerones now look like this :
Great turnout for the Pro trump March in Cardiff lol
Nah , you legit don '
Right , snap GeneralElection - register to vote now - they've given you no time to register - get on it today -
Today was a good day ! RoleOutCon 2017 Day 1 TemplarBros
Moderator : Your word is covfefe Arvind : Use it in sentence Moderator : Despite the constant negative press covfefe Arv
Got to say , DragonAge stream is really fantastic !
Painting practice with Bulbasaur bulbasaur Pokemon fanart artist
I've become a British stereotype . "" Come to my leaving do "" "" I'll stay for 1 drink . "" * 5 drinks and 2 1/2 hours later * "" And another thing ! ""
The only time I am ever just like "" GIVE ME MORE ADS "" ... Ads with Mads ( That scarf tho , I am ded )
Oh I wish we'd had that chance ! I was frantically searching my Chant of Light document every now and then .
I LOVE that Saru figure's it out . Because of the predator / prey thing . It's GREAT writing ! StarTrekDiscovery
Seriously ! What were the FantasticBeasts creatives thinking ? The books say he had a Fred and Geor
I am literally at this moment cleaning my spare room for my inlaws . If yo
And by funny ... I of course mean very very desperately sad .
Sometimes I get very discouraged when I'm unhappy with my first attempts at something . I did the same painting 3 different time
OMG ! I saw that on Tabletop and it looked great . I need to run a oneshot with it sometimes .
I ADORE shit like that . I know I have Jenga somewhere . I just wish more of my gaming friends lived nearby .
YES ! I have just this now come off streaming and have set up a discord for talking GM bu
Oh dear , such fragility , it's almost sad .
WIN a Cherry Blossom Linen Scarf from the Powder collection ! RT & amp ; Follow us to enter the competition giveaway ! x
Ground Rules for Writing Great Kids ' Books - BOOK RIOT -
"" If , in our heart , we still cling to anything - anger , anxiety , or possessions - we cannot be free . "" ~ Thich Nhat Hanh
Calling all Rebels ! Check out my featuring the stuff I love ! Join me at
Although you may wake up feeling lighthearted ; this is still o ... More for Gemini
Free Cloud 9 Lotion Sample - Bellafind
You could be a bit confused about your goals if your dreams li ... More for Gemini
Your own long-held beliefs can crystallize if under attack tod ... More for Gemini
Using your sarcastic sense of humor as a weapon may be inappro ... More for Gemini
Get mPOINTS | mPOINTS via
I'm earning mPOINTS in Punchcard for Android .
My favorite place to Share a Coke with the family is at the family barbeque JustAddFamily ShareaCokeSweeps
I'm earning mPOINTS in Punchcard for Android .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Punchcard for Android .
You think you're ahead of the game only to discover that you s ... More for Gemini
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLACES .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Price is Right Bingo .
HappyNewYearsEve ! Be safe and have a sweet time !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
Purchase select titles on VUDU and get $ 8 off your ticket to see Zoolander 2 in theaters !
Surprising changes in your career path can bring dramatic fluc ... More for Gemini
Follow + to enter to win this Smartwatch AmazonSweeps
You wish you could let the world go by without your participat ... More for Gemini
You wish you were free to pursue your creative dreams , but you ... More for Gemini
You're inclined to take a risk before considering all the rami ... More for Gemini
You are excited to tackle social issues within a group or give ... More for Gemini
You're dying to mix things up today , whether the people around ... More for Gemini
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
Please RT ! beauty cosmetics makeup Temptu Color True Lipstick Review & amp ; Swatches
You may surprise others today with your uncharacteristic abili ... More for Gemini
Si no me cuidas en tu presente no pretendas verme en tu futuro , porque para ese entonces , t ya sers parte de mi pasa
WAIT what Jacob is going international , omfg . The Netherlands please
Found this in my phone .. SometimeLastNight
they asked me for drugs , so I told them about your body ...
So umm I was going through old pics and umm .. I was wearing bucket hats before they were dope
[ ] BTS ' Suga Addresses Depression & amp ; Cost of Fame on ' Agust D ' Mixtape ( https://t.co / Rrg 6tzn2NQ )
when you love her ...
BTS ' YOU NEVER WALK ALONE ' Jacket Photo shooting Sketch ( https://t.co / jG9XpeRzaV )
Voting BTSBBMAs ? Go BehindTheLines of the "" Not Today "" video with exclusively on our app :
Don't mess up your trust with a Libra . It takes a lot to earn theirs , and once it's broken they'll start to doubt you .
A reason I'm single is because I don't care to be affectionate . Well overly fucking affectionate like hugging and shit on Bart . No time .
oh okay . You know what , I'm over it all . Erebody block me on erethang ! seriousastheuniversoulcircus
Bruh I saw this and died
Yo Fam .... This country .... wow
Oh hey there ! I see you cared to jump-in .
Wanna hear the RowdyReptiles from my house ! ! ! !
Finish the mission ! ! ! WCWS ItsGreatUF
Why is he trapped in the maze and how does he get out ? MazeRunner
When my family acknowledges my care I feel good that they noticed . CareCrowd ad EveryDayCare
I entered in Ricolas Contest with text message . swissherbs sponsored
Whos sweeter than Mom ? We want to know the sweetest advice your mom has ever shared ... TruFanCommunity sponsored
Win a $ 1K dream nursery - NoPurNec 18 + See Rules | I would love this ! crowdtappers momstobe sweeps spon
Im sharing a gesture of care by giving a tissue to someone . KleenexBrandBelievers sponsored ShareKleenexCare
My favorite picture here is all of them ! Everyone looks so good ! swissherbs sponsored
I love crafty projects like this because i love to reuse stuff ! TideThat spon
Share a message of care for Positive Thinking Day for everyone . KleenexBrandBelievers sponsored ShareKleenexCare
Peanut Butter Chocolate Flavored Jif Bars look so delicious ! TeamJif sponsored
Tell us what type of woman you think uses o . b . OBelievers sponsoredob
I just shared my thoughts and opinions with Crowdtap . Check out my response ! lovecrowdtap
I really wanna try the vanilla cookie flavor ! HolidayGrind
This eBay DIY made me think of doing this because it's so easy . eBayTeam sponsored
I'm going to try Free & amp ; Clear Wipes ! Thick , strong but oh-so-gentle . GenerationGood FreeSample
With AVEENO products , I feel good that they are natural . sponsored AveenoAdvocates
I don't have a car hack . But here is my car ! ShellCrowd sponsored
eBay knows whats up ! Check out this post that has great information . eBayTeam sponsored
TIDE PODS clean better than anything else . They are the only thing I use for my sons clothes . TideThat ad
Tell us about your favorite Folgers brunch traditions . FolgersFans sponsored
Didn't have anyone to share these with sadly , but I love them so much ! SmallButPowerful TideThat ad
Calling all winner winner chicken dinners ! Win a $ 100 gift card to our site & amp ; a drawer of basics for Dad ! Enter here h
Chiliville Chili will go perfectly with anything since chili is amazing . SausageFamily Sponsored
well , there was Game Boy , then Sega Game Gear , then Nintendo DS . Oh and before all that , there was the Sears catalog
Thanks Bud . I appreciate the concern .
Slow news day up in Maine apparently . People up here usually steal them and sell them for scrap metal
Who has a Netflix account that I could utilize ? I need to watch ToddAndTheBookOfPureEvil again . Don't be a shitrooster .
Zoomed in selfies of painted toe nails , painted finger nails and faces that fill up the entire picture should be banned from social media .
Please tell your canvassers to stop ignoring my very visible , very obvious NO SOLICITING and NO POLITICAL CANVASSERS signs !
I'm sorry , I'll be too busy putting rock salt in my gas tank so the gas lines don't freeze .
Well , they're not allowed to shoot Irma , so what else were they supposed to do to pass the time ?
thanks , - Just signed up for your 5K ! New Bern ... One of my favorite places to run !
prom .... what a crazy thing ! BEAUTIFULGIRL
I just filled out my bracket in CBS Sports Round by Round Bracket Challenge . brackets
I'm actually so excited for the meet and greet this weekend in NYC ! Can't wait to see everyone :)
I think my house is on fire ...
Derby v Chelsea quarter finals of the cup ! Cmon you Rams !
go to your music , under steal my girl say show complete album them complete my album
Photoset : mukenope : 5 Seconds Of Summer Bandmates Party All Night In Hollywood
Dedicated to ( @5SOSHunters )
Never forget your roots ...
Fav this for a goodnight dm
Rt for a follow Let's follow 100 new ppl
What a night ! Dreamed of that moment since I was a little kid ! Thanks everyone for all the kind words ! canes
It was good to see guys sticking up for one another . Redvolution
let's take punk puppy photos
miss being able to hang with everyone after
if this didn't make your day better , I don't know what will
Area Man Would Hate Cam Newton Even If He Was Different Minority
Thunder storms over the Grand Canyon
Kindergarten Class Burning Through 6 Hamsters A Year
Things I collected today : - Stick - Acorn - Bone - Where did the stick go ? - A bird took it - Why , bird ? - I am very lost - With
Spent 4 hours , stayed up to 3am drawing Disney films using snapchat filters so ... hope y'all enjoy it .
97 % of scientists agree climate change is real and that its caused by human activity . Denying science is no longer an opti
Don't fucking lose this one
So , my apartment is currently being haunted by the ghost of a dead child and he's trying to kill me . ( thread )
every time a rapper say he fucked my bitch I pause the song and ask my girl if its true
* goes to lectures * * studies * * spends hours in the library * Test day :
ok sex is cool and all but have you ever tried protecting net neutrality
SHOT : Trump's FCC guts NetNeutrality , specifically hurting rural communities CHASER : Hillary Clinton had a Broadband
So sad to hear about Phillip Seymour Hoffman only 46 gonetoosoon
did you go to school and learn about a little thing called freedom of speech ? !
Winning isnt everything , but wanting to win is . Vince Lombardi MotivationMonday
Toxic shock syndrome nearly killed this former model :
Pleasant pasta is pleasant , particularly because of the prosciutto and cheese
MY HEART JUST SHATTERED INTO 3938493 PIECES wow I'm sad now
fries before guys even though both go to ur thighs
I kno they won't b teens anymore . It's cool tho cuz then I'll say , "" My celeb crushes are men , not boys "" if u kno wat I mean .
dont tell me to calm down Ill throw a fucking desk at your face
When your alarm goes off and you remember you can sleep in me totally
You elected a racist homophobic greedy mysogynistic abject man , who mock disabled publicly . Poor humanity TrumpPresident NotMy
I want all of them !
I don't have time for a fake history lesson right now HIMYM
Can it just be Friday already ? ? ?
You don't give up on the people you love
"" It's just a simple fact . If you don't fight for what you really want , you can't expect it to happen . "" OneTreeHill
i had enough , cover him back up
"" To love is to destroy and to be loved is to be the one destroyed . "" The Mortal Instruments , City of Bones
She doesn't want her brother to grow up
You cant please everyone .
he was a skater he said cya later
I mean , youre right . I don't like the guy at all but he's not wrong here !
Getting the season pass for six flags
"" @jailbaitvictor : That movie was so inspirational made me tear up "" I cried
I could listen to sweater weather every night
Congratulations ! You go , girl !
Like most wildflowers , they don't travel well . You'll have to take a trip to Texas and see them in person ! Love to meet you !
"" He must become greater ; I must become less . "" - John 3:30 todaysword selfless
Secrets to Writing an Attention-Grabbing Blog Post [Infographic] smm
Wow ! God is surely speaking this truth to my heart today !
Starting to feel hopeless ? Listen to this story ! simplyblog drybones
Cheering for You ! Hebrews 10:24- 25 via
Thankfulness takes the focus off of us and puts the focus where it should beon the Lord simplyone
Thanks , Yolanda . Blessings to you as well !
You keep me smiling and challenged , Kelly ! Love you , girl !
For Better or For Worse - A Couple's Bible Study via
When you need a little joy in your day ...
New Maleficent trailer is badass . Hurry up , May 30th !
Haven't heard that criticism of it before .
America . Whatever you've become , I no longer recognize you . I hope in time I do . For now , I hold tight those I love and
Sit Stay Ride : The Story of America's Sidecar Dogs by Eric Ristau and Geneva Liimatta via
Retailers our new Fuji and Friends Men's wholesale catalog - Spring 2015 is available : via
we'd love to build you a custom feeder for your tabby ! DM us for details and special pricing ! tabbycatsrock
and see me if youre ames bound . =]
a package of ramen and a whole sleeve of girl scout cookies ... thin mints .
Its ok , I might be having an affair too . We suck at being fiances . Fooor sure .
That awkward moment when your boyfriend would rather lose his money than hang out with you ... @fishnuts44
I know . It's ok , I got to work for me at night ... as long as she can get out of her driveway .
Georgia Dems face backlash over flier urging vote to prevent another Ferguson :
Find out where to cast your vote here as well :
You need to act NOW ! Protect the endangered Snubfin WorldPArksCongress
Tijuana police say overloaded drone loaded with methamphetamine crashed in supermarket parking lot ( photo ):
Cease-fire in Ukraine holding in most places
FloorVote : HR749 : Passenger Rail Reform and Investment Act of 2015 : Vote : Passed 316/101
Scary ! rt Wind blows train cars off bridge near New Orleans oddnews
This needs fixing . Open enrollment may be over but ppl like me are reeling b / c of mistakes by staff .
Endorse our pledge - - support a Balanced Budget Amendment - -
New Jersey man charged with conspiracy to support Islamic State militant group :
Mother searches for mystery child who helped her disabled son : "" Thank you for being amazing . ""
JUST IN : Obama orders flags at half-staff in honor of UCCShooting victims
Probably . Our tax system needs an overhaul .
Well said . We love u Celine .
Wishing u the best .
Please offer cheese sauce 4 your fries . That would b awesome !
AAAww , poor thing !
7/8 / 16 : Be a Kid Again Day Taos Pueblo PowWow SCUD ( Savor the Comic , Unplug the Drama ) Day Math 2.0 Day N . IceCream
UConn student arrested after drunken tirade about ' bacon-jalapeno macaroni and cheese '
Tanning industry blames 10,000 salon closings on ObamaCare
Powerful Blast Injures at Least 29 in Manhattan ; Second Device Found - The New York Times
Who won debatenight 3 ?
Austyn Crites , Trump "" Assassin "" , commits Vote Fraud regularly . He's With Her !
Gatlinburg we will rebuild . We will survive . We will come out of this stronger . These are our mountains and nothing will t
Chicago's death toll is so high this year it's driving up the murder rate for the country's biggest cities -
1000s gathered in DC to stand up for life & amp ; adoption and refers to them as "" demonstrators "" MarchForLife
I think more ppl need 2 b voted out of office . The Senate has bills 2 pass & amp ; they'd rather stall by crying over Russia . I'm sick of it .
If drs didn't charge so much we wouldn't need health care reforms .
Terrible news out of LeFlore County , Mississippi . May the strong soldiers who lost their lives rest in piece . Thank you fo
I am so sick of the crooked media .
Empire is just to much . EmpireFOX
Love . That's all anybody wants really . Some of us just look for it in the wrong places . I forget sometimes all I have to d
The stress of recital week is kicking in , & amp ; & amp ; it's only Tuesday ! 5MoreDays
How can they show all this nakedness on regular TV ? ?
ayyyyy MrHollywood gettin it lol SYTYCD
Felt great to dance again .
I'm not a photographer , but I can picture us together
This has been me all summer . L0L
i was such an awkward dancer until literally like last week idek I still am what is this life
I love the showings of this seasons dancers . SYTYCD
rt if today isn't ur birthday
Dance & amp ; & amp ; tendonitis just don't mix . Oh well .
Online jobs are a PAIN !
Good workout today ! ^_^
There is literally not enough room in my house to Hit the Quan .
I freaking love Jaimie Goodwin . She's extraordinarily beautiful . SYTYCD
Lost myself trying to please everyone else now I'm losing everyone else trying to find myself .
Wish I could practice yoga more often .
who wants to date me I'm a pretty fun guy and also flexible
SPREAD THE WORD ! ! !
Vaganova and Cunningham is doing me some good today .
You ever regret giving someone ur number ? And whenever they text you it's just like
I let people disrespect me for too long and I'm over it
needs to get these UK wrestlers to the main roster . They seriously can not have a bad match .
How I walk around Vs . As soon as someone says "" hi "" to me .
YALL REMEMBER THIS SHIT OR IS IT JUST ME
When youre telling your family a funny story and almost say too much and snitch on yourself
Just found out a guy ripped us off of almost $ 1000 with a stolen Credit Card .... DAMN THIEVES ! ..... So today and ...
I posted a new photo to Facebook
How high the bids ? Les Paul's prototype electric guitar to be sold -
They have the best ghetto $ 5 large pizza . "" @ZoltanCOMEDY : At Giant King Pizza on El Cajon blvd . Its both creepy and shady ... Its crady ""
Gordon ramsey is racist . If you cook gross food , he'll still say you're good if you're Scottish . Masterchef
I will be doing a CM Punk inspired shoot performance at the final open mic at barneystone tonight .
Im looking forward to defending my championship tonight at The Cucina Fresca Fantasy Football Draft . HUSTLELOYALTYRESPECT
Suburgatory is the worst show ive ever seen in my life .
Photoshopping "" the occupy police officer "" pepper spraying random things was hilarious ....
Singing a christmas song while a preist acts out getting "" bukkakeed "" , I needed medication for that Nicki Minaj performance . grammys
Gwenyth Paltrow used ghostwriters for her cookbooks ? Now I know why Ive been eating these recipes and dont look like her yet .
With no NBA titles Charles Barkley is an expert on ' How To Lose Like A Man '
Frankie says relax ? Yeah well , tell that son of a bitch Frankie to dont tell me what to do .
Since when did they start putting youtube songs on the radio ? I'd rather listen to Chocolate Rain than this Gangnam bullshit . GangnamStyle
Dennys has a new menu inspired by TheHobbit . Its not really new though . They just renamed "" The Hoobastankirito "" to "" The Hobbitirito "" .
Start this day off right & amp ; RETWEET ! Your sharing can = 100 ' s of $ in giving w / o spending a dime ...
You know those Texas judges are gonna rob you , right ?
Trout is about to get knocked out ! ! canelotrout
is on the radio ?
Happy 2013th birthday America !
Im glad supports both Boxing and MMA and isn't a hater like Bob Arum
You'd think Anchorman 2 is going to be a terrible movie considering how heavily promoted it is .
Aren't all the people who bitch about soccer being boring the same ones who go apeshit over a no-hitter in baseball ?
The Interview would still be released if The President of Sony wouldve just cleared his web history .
OscarsSoWhite At the ceremony , they make all Black Actors sit in the back .
I always knew they would do it ! ! ! ! GoCavs nbafinals
* After the fight * "" You chipping in for the PPV ? "" Moose :
Hell of a day for the President to forget how to tweet .
MSNBC : Trump visits no victims CNN : Trump visits no victims FOX : Why didnt Obama visit any victims of the Tunguska Explosio
I feel terrible for journalists who invest time and effort into doing a hard job well only to have it presented like thi
Your periodic reminder that 17 women have accused the President of the United States of the same things .
Club meeting ball , ball meeting hole .
Classic Roy Moore getting out before 18
You can get free gift cards holidayseason holidaycash
These are the perfect snack to eat any time of the day . TruFanCommunity sponsored
eBays basketball-inspired collection is great for the basketball fan ! eBayTeam sponsored
Quesadillas are perfect for any occasion . GlamCrowd sponsored
Want to save money ? Click this link from o . b . to get a coupon . OBelievers sponsoredob
Tell us how your passions have changed with Advil Film-Coated . fastadvilfanatics sponsored
This will totally allow me to not feel so guilty about sugary drinks . splendasavvies sponsored
Fireworks wirh the kids ! OBelievers sponsoredob
When packing for a trip , I always bring ob OBelievers sponsoredob
Sweet ! What yummy ideas for peanut butter PeanutButterHappy TeamJif sponsored
Please check out my fb page ! It's new . workfromhome smallbusiness etsyshop etsypreneur etsyseller wahm decor
Love these shoes with this dress sponsored DSWcrowd MyDSW
What boosts your confidence ? SecretCrowd ad
How did your friends react to the delicious taste of Jif Peanut Butter and Naturally Flavore ... TeamJif sponsored
Love the taste of Silk Unsweetened because it doesn't taste nutty SilkCrowd sponsored
Happy Monday family , let's have a groovy week ! QriketLIVE & amp ; Spin Codesall day today ! oh and 1 lucky wins
Check out my etsy shop , use JULY 10 for 10 % off $ 20 or more pineapple home PineappleSummer welcome stringart
Sargento Cheese sounds great for snacks ad SargentoCrowd
that will be an awesome routine ! !
Just EW ! ! In 1977 , a 13 - year-old kid found a tooth growing out of his left foot . omgfacts
Nice ! ! ! Congrats ! Former Duke G Chelsea Hopkins 2 play bball SDSU , way 2 go Aztecs
Woot ! YES ! San Diego State is No . 25 in AP's preseason hoops poll , the
1 hour and 55 minutes till AztecDomination begins ! I can't wait !
She is so adorable ! Love watching the coach shake it too . RT @Intlgymforum : NostalgicVid 5 -
Awesome ! Congratulations ! ! OMG India has been admitted to college ! Ole Miss Rebel !
Awesome ! ! If youve seen a better picture of a dog dressed as two pirates
Beautiful pic ! passion synchronizedskating ice skates love this team I MISS IT SO MUCH !
Yay ! SDG & amp ; E are finally on their way ! I've only been waiting 1.5 hours . nobigdeal nothingbettertodo appointmentwindowhell
Only with a lot less people watching LAme
I bet this person wishes he had a couple thousand for a new paint job ...
This is amazing ! ! ! I am beyond excited ! ! !
This is a beautiful thing .
Here is a comment from the solider that took the photo and my battle buddy ... johnny had to say .
Leo's get irritated by people who try to hold them back from being who they want to be . Let this free spirit fly .
yes . yo blueshirt is the new chick hot ?
13 year olds smoking me
Top 10 Quran quotes every woman MUST SEE
"" Why would you need a gun when you can just call the police ? ""
Join shopkick through my link and get free points . Its an app for shopping that gives you free gift cards .
At Agape in LA to get me some old time religion this morning .
Helped nearby drivers by reporting a heavy traffic jam on Vineland Ave , Los Angeles on - Drive Social .
Ur cousin is ready to have Brandi , i'm 1cm . Yeeeaaahhhh ! LOL
I like that commercial lol
Obama shedding rules that hinder job growth ... Does this mean he is going to resign ?
First time in my life I feel genuinely sorry for Lindsay Lohan . Also makes me appreciate that my parents weren't total nutcases growing up !
Dear B2C marketers : Summer in WI is very short . Please do not ruin it by trying to sell me fall clothing / decor / makeup etc until I am ready .
Beyond excited to see on TV tonight ! ! ! But I'd be most excited to see her at camp in August :) AreYouThereChelsea
I feel like this every day !
Another day , another desire for ArrestedDevelopment fans in my office . SolidAsIraq
"" Whatever it is ... I'm surviving "" memoir on diagnoses thought of you !
I'm not sure there are other heathactivists in Milwaukee ! I always have to go to Chicago to find more of us .
Yay ! Come ! Chicago IBD friends ! Are you joining us Saturday for our Gut Together at Rock Bottom ?
I'm anxiously awaiting my next shipment , but it looks like it's stuck in transit bc of snow ! I can't wait any longer ! ineedmyfix
What motorcycle influenced you the most , or with which you have the best memories ? AltonBrownLive
Red Rock Canyon wins . nature freshair muchneeded igotfriendsatcampoasis Red Rock Canyon
Pro men lining up for the start
"" @Ayoosh284 : The less I care , the happier I am . "" Oh the truth in this quote ! Literally my recipe for happiness .
food is the most important part . ( insert fatass smiley ) lol .
In Allah'taala I found what I had lost , Myself .
Friendship isn't about whom you've known the longest . It's about who came and never left your side .
Girls aren't a game . You don't have to play .
Rick Is The Sheriff And It Took Us 8 Months To Find The Prison And It Was Right Behind Us . BesideTheDyingFire Confuse
Roundup of the new Walking Dead Season 4 photos :
TheWalkingDeadMarathon continues in 13 hours . The Walking Dead Season 4 begins in 62 hours . DyingOfExcitement
No ham sandwich for me tomorrow . TheWalkingDead
Duhhhh who are you ?
THIS AIN'T FOR KIDS ( GTA V Funny Moments )
We could still kinda be friends . You had me as a friend on fb but removed me for no reason
Yeah I understand why . Hopefully youll get one in the future
Today we'll update Minecraft ( PC ) to version 1.8 ! We haven't pinned down an exact time , but it will be within the next 6 hours or
I just seen it :)
Sneak Peek : Episode 503 : The Walking Dead : Four Walls and a Roof
Season 5 of TheWalkingDead Has been so amazing this year . Too bad theirs only three episodes left till they gonBreak
Guys add me on snapchatttt ill ad ya back xojennarosexoxo
everyone buy 9 more items off her Amazon wish list then she will do a show on chaturbate
Thank y'all for watching . Hope you'll take the ride with us . UnderTheDome
"" @marklindsay78 : poll numbers are higher then most think , no one is asking Democrats if
JENNA ROSE "" DO OR DIE "" OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO via
Oh that's so stupid . The game opens up 12 PM EST . ; - ;
Ever look at a toilet roll , it says it has "" 1000 "" sheets , and a part of you wants to sit down and count that fucker ..
Also NotSponsoredYet is ded . I disbanded .
I mean , in theory you guys could have technically outleveled the , , assuming they weren't getting kills . But I agree 5V3 nogo
. @nikkimisery is talking in his sleep . Something about a safe spot in the prison and to bring Aladdin . Okaaaaaay .
which MSP is this wth
After the weekend without access to Twitter ( very much ) , I am back ! Whos ready for some tweets ? ? ! Glad to be back :)
School is getting closer and it's gonna be SOOO awkward .. idontwannago
You see , people think it's fun to be off school so they can hangout with there friends . They're not fun for kids like me w
Its not too late , see ya Steinbrueck ;)
I'm getting cold just thinking about having to walk outside .. wah
Thanks a lot .. You managed to make my day even worse : I yousuck
Not seeing a problem with that .. ;)
You are so disgusting ..
Trust me , I know ..
Just found my program from The Cheese Stands Alone .. Those kids were the bomb ! !
I love how Lizzy tries to make me feel stupid when I'm always right and she's always wrong .. nicetry
Nope , I still want one :)
"" This Ebola situation is stressing me out . I'm a germophobe . "" ..... I'm sure everyone is when it comes to Ebola ? Stfu
If I wanted to kill myself , I'd climb up your ego and jump down to your IQ level .
Someone needs to teach this class that it is possible to talk without yelling over each other .. I hate free days .
I WANT ONE SO BAD
Yet another scratch from the same rabbit as always . This happens every week ! Her name is Felicia but I'm about to call her dinner .
They finally have room to exercise and they're just sitting under this table eating .. Okay .
"" Its all farts and giggles until someone giggles and farts . "" - Wise words of Des
Follow and Retweet within the next 3 hours for a chance to win a TootsieRoll mug ! Ends at 1pm CST !
"" @BretzBrittany : What's Aim anymore ? "" Where we get in a class discussion on freshmen fighting
Only like three to four hours of sleep and yet I'm in such a good mood
Whaddup with my WiFi , Charter ? ! ? ?
I'm Viggling The Chew . TV loves you back with ViggleTV . Watch TV . Earn Points . Get Rewards .
ViggleTV makes watching Western Kentucky at Louisiana Tech more rewarding . I'm earning great rewards and playing along with Viggle games .
Got me some great deals + kohls cash to boot
I had to hold his leg so he didn't fall out of the bed of the truck hahahaba
hey babes don't forget I'll be at all stops for DigiFest ! Get your tickets now ! ! - - >
Make sure you go check out waterballoonfight on Snapchat "" NotMattEspinosa "" And vine !
Go check out boys new music video ! show em love !
INDY TODAY ! Egyptian Room Old National Centre , 502 North New Jersey VIP 3:30 p Doors 5:30 p Show 6:30 p $ 25 tix the do
When someone asks you if ur ready for ur test tmrw
if u have a crush on someone in this pic
if u like someone in this pic U NEED TO SEE THEM !
Announcing more ppl still Who do u wanna see on the line-up ? IWANTDIGIFEST
Tomorrow night , is interviewing Got a question for Shawn ? ? Tweet it NOW w / BLIAskShawn ! ! !
yes it will . Concerts in PA are so hype . Enjoy !
EXCLUSIVE : and open up about TheBalCOny !
HUGE show tomorrow w / Antman PaulRudd , Trainwreck's BillHader & amp ; performs ! KellyandMichael h
. @camerondallas haven't seen you in forever fool . let's have some fun today !
FaceTimeMeNash FaceTimeMeNash FaceTimeMeNash FaceTimeMeNash FaceTimeMeNash
Almost at 300,000 views ! CaliforniaMusicVideo
Never wana sound like a moaner , just a bit of chill time , ya know ?
JACK AND JACK PERFOMRING LIKE THAT
HEY PUERTO RICO ! My squad & amp ; I are visiting from 8/ 31-9 / 4 ! I can't wait to go on another adventure & amp ; meet some of you guys !
when you're allowed to double space a long essay
Help refugees and migrants in urgent need . Donate now and Google will match your donation .
VOTE for Davidson's own and for "" Favorite Social Media Star "" for 2016 awards
Which movie is better ?
Retweet for a Follow / Dm !
girl I'm so jealous ! I want to go soooo badly !
"" She got me fucked up like America with Trump in office "" JackAndJackMashup
Wondering how to grow on twitter ? I gained 18 followers in the past week . This is the app :
Whenever I hear your baby scream I get a strong urge to go to a bar , down a shot , then crush up my birth control & amp ; snort it off a DILFs ass !
Like Daddy wants to squeeze his fat throbbing cock deep in your pussy , oh yea daddy's little girl has been real good tonight !
Sorry Courtnae but unless im missing something they really should change the name of that show to Still Trying to Find Bigfoot .
Judging by what I see when I accidentally walk in on them , guys really like masterbating to the Google home page . Just sayin .
If you think for a minute that theres no way you could ever have an addictive personality , try putting the sleeve away after 4 thin mints !
Just took a shit so nice that I put it in the friendzone !
Is it funny Girl Scout cookies have pics of athletic kids on the box having fun outside while your obese ass is on the sofa inhaling Samoas ?
The awkward moment when you realize you got more dick in your cell phone than phone numbers . SingleLadies amiright
Aww Shucks ! ! !
So glad my mom is too stupid to set up any social media accounts , got me out of writing that 4 page dedication to the bitch on FB today !
Sex so rough & amp ; violent the baby pops out 9 months later with a tear drop tattoo on its face ! - That ! SingleBecause
Kids these days have it too easy ! Theyll never know the pain of having to rewind their fathers 70 ' s porn to the exact spot where started .
Unless you got your dick sucked by a chunky girl w / braces in HS theres nothing "" Dangerous "" about you Marvin so change your damn username .
Whoa whoa back the fuck up ! So youre saying that Ariana Grande isnt in fact a type of burrito ? Well maybe it should be ! TacoBell truth
Next time a bitch invades the same bar as me im going to throw a $ 50 in the juke box , play nothing but Nickelback & amp ; leave . #whitegirlproblems
Clean & amp ; Jerk ? You want a real workout you Clench & amp ; Squat ! Thats when you eat Mexican , squat & amp ; hold that turtle in ! #fitfam gymprobs crossfit
I just knowingly ate a packet of Lipton Soup that expired in August of 2012 . singlelife singleproblems dontcareimsick Flu 2015
* sucking a dick Babe how many grams of protein you think that was ? Gotta update my fitpal fitfam gymprobs swolemate
I dont care that Buzzfeed told you you'll last the whole zombie apoc . You cant even open a bottle of water by urself ! whitegirlproblems
A weather report but for your bitchy wife / girlfriend : Today partly crying with a chance of irritability & amp ; irrational behavior . pms
911 : 911 Whats your emergency ? Me : Well I was creepin FB 911 : ... Me : & amp ; my ex looks happy ! 911 : Shit its her again you guys . singlelife
YAY MURDER PARTY ! ! ! AmericanHorrorStory AHSFinaleFX murderparty
I cant afford to pay my rent this month but yea let me donate to your gofundme account so you can visit Europe once in your life ! getajob
Well so much for this being the biggest episode of PUNK'D ever ! Its official . He accepted . RNCinCLE
Guys if ur beard starts to remind a woman to shave her twat , clean it up or shave that pussy off your face cause no one wants to kiss that !
I went to the bar tonight with $ 20 bucks & amp ; just came home drunk with $ 23 bucks but youre right a woman is way too dumb to be president !
Im so single right now my vibrator just bought a Groupon getaway deal for a 2 week vacation to the Dominican Republic . singlelife
Dont respond to her text too soon itll look desperate . Wait a few years & amp ; reply with a casual "" not much how are you ? "" - Man Logic
Anyone else stop & amp ; wonder how many serial killers theyve swiped left on Tinder ? Or worse yet swiped right on ? tinderproblems singlebecause
I would think that being pregnant makes you stop & amp ; appreciate whats really important in life like having clear skin & amp ; being really skinny !
I thought as a treat , id give my kitty cat some almond milk in her bowl & amp ; now she wont stop doing yoga & amp ; smokes a shit ton of weed .
Honestly all these sexual harassment allegations are making me nervous because really I cant be the only woman that
Love getting texts from ESPESH with mini Versailles King , Brother & amp ; Chevy
To take away her voice is to take away many other voices she would've inspired to come out and share their stories . Let's not
Bill Skarsgard wants to dive into Pennywise's mind for his origins in the ItMovie sequel
"" Nosotros somos eso "" Hinchas del Rayo Vallecano del ftbol espaol . ITMovie
Let's take a TV break ! itmovie horrormadehere wbtourhollywood
Let the monsters kill each other . Cersei Lannister
"" The king won't give you any honors , the histories won't mention you , but we will not forget . Varys
We need these ! LMFAO !
When youre responsible for the sweet treats , you gotta bring the jjclowns halloween pennywise
Wanna have some fun & amp ; show some love towards other Versailles family members ? Join in ! We did it last year as well and
Anyone anything for living their childhood dreams
Lookin forward to seeing you too !
Exactly ! And having a job that relies on traffic from tourists in a rural little dot in the middle of
Lately ? Yeah that's pretty much it for me too . LOL !
God gave you your gifts to give Him glory , not take the credit for yourself . Robert Fergusson HillsongWCC
Vikings : Season 5 - First Look Behind The Scenes
"" VIKINGS SEASON 5 - EXCLUSIVE SNEAK PEEK | VIKINGS FRANCE HD "" : via
To date , this is the shoot I've enjoyed the most . Thanks Benjo . thatsmypolaroid vulcanmagazine
Who's tuning in for the Season 5 two hour premiere of Vikings this Wednesday at 9 EP . WhoWillRise
The Anglo-Saxon Kingdoms exhibition will feature objects from the Staffordshire Hoard , uncovered in 2009 , the largest hoard
I think one of the greatest prayers we can pray is , God , help me ! JoyceQuote prayer
Don't give up on the things God has placed in your heart . Keep pushing & amp ; praying he will direct you .
8 December 1666 , death of Philippe Charles d'Orlans , Duc de Valois , son of Monsieur and Henrietta of England . Born in 1
If you're going through a tough time todaylisten to this encouragement from Joyce ! encouragement GoodWord
The white ravens of Qualicum Beach , Vancouver Island in British Columbia , Canada . Photography by Mike Yip
Dont ever let pride stop you from shouting out to God for help .
Over 70,000 people attended our Christmas spectacular and anointing service in Australia last
They literally pray to him . Take that in .
Good morning , Friends ! ! Friday is here , yahoo .. Don't forget about our Friday haircut special . Men ' ... : foursquare
Good morning everyone ! ! It's a gorgeous day at K-Rae's Salon and the only thing that would make it brighter ...
Happy father's day to all the dad's , granddads and great-granddads out there . Today is your day to enjoy the ...
T-Swizzle's Bad Blood was squad goals asf
I hate meeting really cool people that are taken ...
I'm a belieber and im voting for both so its funny that you're trying to ofend me but you cant , bye you flop
* my parents when i was 8 * "" go to your room "" * my parents now * "" please come out of your room "" who else ?
netflix and cuddling right now would be the best time
U . N . I is definitely one of my favourite Ed songs
That was sooo fun thankyou to everyone who showed up ! & amp ; thankyou love u guys !
fully tagged the wrong you . LOL im sorry man love u
Who makes your edits with Nate ? Because i want one
VERY EXCITED BECAUSE OF MUSIC AND ITS MAKES ME REALLY EXCITED
London tickets are onsale now guys ! ! !
if you've been waiting for to arrive . HE'S HERE ! VMAs
Me amo verde te . Haha
SWEDEN I can't wait to see all of you at Grna Lund tomorrow at 12pm my free performance with ! ShawnInSwe
ALL OF ME LOVES ALL OF YOU
There's a thing called a snickers ice cream bar . I think that's what you mean
is shaylor real please say yassss I'm freaking out
GUYS presale tix for Radio City now onsale ! Use ur HandwrittenRevisited presale code here
Gonna release the snippet of "" Running Low "" in a bit & amp ; give away a signed Vinyl to someone ! Tweet RunningLowSnippet & amp ; Ha
How often do you drive the galaxy Lamborghini
. @luckilyshawn toronto or ny or LA depends what mood im in RevisitedAtMidnight
Great man , really well done !
Chicago fans go HARD ! Holy u guys rock !
BABE YOU WON I AM SO PROUD OF YOU . MENDES ARMY SLAYS . FavoriteBreakoutArtist ShawnMendes
I'm not saying she's a whore , but if her vagina was a video game , it would be rated E for everyone
Niggas Be Like _____________ Fuck ! There go the 5 ' o __________ Be cool son ________ Man fuck __________ b
breakfast , you're the only one who understands me
Some people aren't actually anti social , they're just very selective when it comes to the people they associate with .
I swear when I cook by directions I always fuck it up . I'm better at just winging it
Before you give up , think about why you held on for so long .
YES PLEASE ! PURE GOLD
rt if this kinda looks like u
PraytoEndAbortion How would you feel if your mom had wanted to abort you ? LifeIsSacred
You've Been Warned : listen via
Not feeling well - sick via
Sign up and complete a survey at and I have the opportunity to earn up to $ 5 ! It is 100 % Free !
Diabetic Dani : Switching to Sugar Cubes nomoreglucotabs sugarcubes lowbloodsugar Diabetes type 1
Diabetic Dani : My glucometer data cable finally came ! Type 1Diabetes RelionPrime
Yay for lchf and normalbloodsugars unicorn t1d type 1grit Dexcom type 1diabetes
In Vitro Fertilization is Sin : A Discourse - The Abolitionist Society of Fort Worth
What To Do When Child Protective Services Knocks : A Must Read for All Parents !
I liked a video ... R_T_T_E ...
I added a video to a playlist Emotional Dark Music - The Everlasting Symphony
I added a video to a playlist Celtic Music - The Wolf and the Moon ( Celtic Version )
Shameless Spoilers : Someones Getting Married
What should've happened ... Crowns for everyone MissUniverse 2015
spinach artichoke dip stuffed garlic bread
Josh Hutcherson's speech on gay rights is my favorite
What year are you ?
Can I request Sorrynotsorry next hour ?
I'm ready for Demi n I know TayTay will burn the roof but tonight is P ! nk night . Did y'all forget ? VMAs
BTS is holding a comeback press conference 2 p . m . Monday . I appreciate any news-worthy events happening on weekday working hour
Mental illness crazy Depression lazy Anxiety rude Eating disorder diet Self-harm attention seeking WorldMental
How To Lose A Gig In 10 Days RepublicanAMovie
We stan true rebels .
When i am knocked down , I get back up . Again . And again . And again . And again . And again . IAmHillary
winona ryder is that bitch .
Repeat after me : DONT BLAME A WOMAN FOR A MANS ACTIONS DONT BLAME A WOMAN FOR A MANS ACTIONS DONT BLAME A WOMAN FOR
Terry Crews speaks the truth about PTSD . Yesterday I told my husband about something similar 16 years a
I agree . She's been predictable for most of her career which is why I think her albums don't sell as
Remember this historic moment forever . BTSxAMAs pins and patches on sale now at AMAs
Hi , I'm Namjin . I am a 19 yr old genderfluid autistic college student . helped me finally figure out who I am an
Calling a black woman sexually aggressive is antiblack . It is literally a stereotype t
Antis : BTS are gonna fade away , they won't get to billboard , worldwide , they're flop . Yoongi : "" BABY WATCH YOUR MOUTH
Ok , I didn't know . I'm happy now but boy bands ( even tho they're not ) has never won 1 .
What about when Jimin said he was handsome at 11:00 in the video .
A family that makes $ 10,000- 20,000 cannot afford to pay over $ 400 more in taxes in 2021 and $ 788 in 2027 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
chame La Culpa has broken the record for the fastest collaboration to hit 100M views on YouTube . It now has 42M + stre
Yoongi always late dropping that mic
If NetNeutralityis saved I will send $ 100 to everyone who RTs this tweet . NetNeutality
"" Why do girls lie and say they have a boyfriend ? ? ? ? ? Just be straight up ! ! 1 ! "" Cause men will respect a woman as another m
Thank you for the spontaneous vibes and for your musicianship . You are genius at your craft .
A look at the legacy of Ethiopian sounds in the work of Abel Tesfaye ( @theweeknd )
MOTM put about 5k fifa points in . Best card I got was Fellani
Thank you so much for signing this for me ! fiorentina
COL D . A . Sims 2CR commander & amp ; Mayor Hans-Martin Schertl . Soldiers and Germans
lol all I do is watch makeup videos
I said "" square root "" not "" square up "" Tyrone
Nothing makes me angrier than people trying to change / influence my lifestyle when I'm currently happy and NOT asking for an opinion ?
When you try to act like everything is fine but its no where near fine
Capricorn make long-term friends . They dont do shallow .
when ur upset about something but dont want to talk about it bc ur just overreacting so you just lay there and pout h
when u can feel urself being annoying but u can't stop
I miss my Tyler :-( ( ( (
Our children's book on the civil war
kylie cosmetics who ? ?
1 . the dude that FUCKED YOU OVER but plays sweet baby victim to the world bc u left
Thank you ! ! ! I can't wait either
Small boobs may get called ' pancakes ' but guess who gets the cuter bras , no boob sweat and can go braless ? Miss Pancake over
My plans for tonight would've been pretty lit , but of course they fell through
Settle Down / / The 1975
Falling in love with life
the INNER machinations of my mind ARE an ENIGMA ...
Runnin ' every red light to help with the closure
when you're CLEARLY in the middle of a life crisis & amp ; someone asks if you're okay
me on my way to make some terrible decisions
I read this every year and every year I still cry my eyes out . I can't I imagine .
open this , it gets so much worse
I'm the laziest person I've ever met , no shame tho
bank account : $ 250.00 concert Ticket : $ 250.00 me :
when u find that person you connect with mentally
"" GOOGLE NONSENSE "" ? Seriously ? So you mean the "" report "" at tot
Hello I'm researching how best to report on trolls , bigots , and other media manipulators & amp ; seek a diverse group of respond
A PhD in "" Science "" ? Does his degree just say "" Science "" on it ?
If you posted a meme & amp ; got that response , then it's not "" just the color of [your] skin "" as you said in
Hawaii proved they are not a true US state when they helped Obama pretend he wasn't born in Kenya !
Not to mention , there is nothing so disrespectful as a kneel . ( Besides about every single gesture in Western culture . )
Global warming . Higher ocean temps mean more hurricanes . Scientists predicted that more and worse hurr
Well we know they don't care about consent , so , it's possible ?
Oh . Yes , agreed to that .
These people don't get they're doing Aly a disservice , telling her not to apologize or wo
You mean he doesn't owe each of us our own personalized app with features adhering to our
Does the Labyrinth count ?
High ranking almost seems to give him too much credit . B
I used to coach with all the parents watching so the moment they thought about peeing I had their pa
You called a law-abiding doctor a ' baby killer ' every other night until he was shot to death in church .
Try asking those same people to point to Benghazi on a map ! No ? Alri
It's ALWAYS projection with the GOP .
Why dont women report part eleventy billion .
Fielding a call urging me to vote no on the Senate tax bill . The ratio of calls to my office is overwhelming for ever
I'm off to bed , but if we ever end up in the same thread , I would be interested in hearing your ve
Then why don't you give an example of it happening with artwork , instead of cars ?
Watching Full House must be pretty uncomfortable for you !
They did . But if you go back and watch , his mother is prompting him and asking hi
So I voted but let me tell you a quick story about this here special election :
Thanks , but that's a noun . Looking for a verb here , as fanboying / fangirling are . Also "" fandom "" des
22 / So all Americans , no matter their political stripe or what chance you think there is that Trump is guilty 1 % or 90 % s
Or send the actual heart to your crush as a romantic gift .
Thank you , I appreciate that .
49 . 2 Step Remix was
keep talking about when i get my 7
Before you give up .. Think about why you held on for so long ..
I'm laughing so hard yo my stomach hurt
the school got us writing letters to Trump fohhhh
i want to b happy forever & amp ; never feel the pain that another individual forced on me because i don't deserve to feel that wa
ima get a lil boo & amp ; duck offffffflol
I outgrew a lot of people
There's always something good coming . remember that .
cool frl , hbu ?
this the nigga I care about the most always on my mind & amp ; been here since I was in middle school
I'm not ready to love again ...
why tf folks on Fb play so damn much
school really be wanting too much
Niggas called her Allah Iverson . Y'all going to hell
Ets J-Reezy Ft . Turk P . Diddy , Ets Breeze & amp ; Young Fedi Mula "" With My Team "" Coming Soon BUN Ets TheCreekBoyz Duck
i remember way too many small details about people so i have to act dumb sometimes so i dont freak them out
I treat myself to something nice every time I'm feeling low
good luck to all the western fashionettes ! do y'all thing
be with someone that makes you happy
that's good to hear . Need more people with that kinda mentality
this has me written all over it .
Allergic to pollen ? Take a tablespoon of LOCAL honey by mouth every morning to build your immunity up . You're welcome
THEY KNOW ABORT ABORT ABORT LOLJK BUT ITS TOO EARLY FOR ME TO BE IN CAPS LOCK
Watching Conan to see my boo and friend-boos in play :) yay !
Yes Jack and I are putting out our line on the same day ... We love each other . So what ! ! !
Haven't been to angels and kings la in forever . It's still Flyzik's birthday . We drink !
I feel your pain do you have a companion ?
Dum and not getting the joke is this persons > > > > RT so do you
skijor , kodlak , aela , deeja like da fuck man
Just caught up on the last four episodes of Supernatural . That's a pretty good show .
no see it doesnt sound as good as 09 ( lol its the year I gradumacated )
I high fived Rian and Alex . Matt was unamused I laughed but then he laughed at me cause he was behind Zack .
my mom said my hogwarts letter is never coming in : c
I cant do jello shots I cant swallow them I will puke . I was barely tipsy last night anyway
I HATE when people do that cause it's like oh your problems mean nothing pay attention to me . like fuck you i can be sad too
two best superheroes almost died saving cities from atomic bombs by chucking them elsewhere .
like I have no problem if people have kids early . I love kids . but dont call me an attention whore when you're all my kid this my kid that ..
48 ? HAH thats a nice night this time of year in these parts
I'll just go fuck myself ; ^ ;
oh my god it ' really funny cause I thought that said "" I just wanted to play bass and this tweet was above Josh from ADTR
waaaaay to skip Connecticut . literally between NY and Mass but no we'll go fuck ourselves
oh my god dad . shut up . if your back hurts so much see a doctor
it was hot topic's website and I dont think they ship to Aussie land do they ?
NO IT DOESNT . YOU DONT EVEN KNOW
why is Norman Reedus so attractive IT'S HARD FOR ME TO WATCH SCENES WITH DARYL CAUSE ALL I THINK ARE BAAAAAD THINGS
I'm gunna nerd out and read my weird history book cause I was that weirdo in high school that loved history
they were never in fact homeless ....
me and my friend decided if Dean Winchester grew up without the daddy issues he'd look like you .
8 days after seeing Brave , Heloise still worried her mother will turn into a bear .
In other news , everything I know about Sweden suggests that its residents are a delightful but abjectly strange people .
Cats are bad people .
Ugh , today is one of those days where I hate people with nice parents .
Finished the Disposessed . On to Margaret Atwood , who may or may not be trolling me scifidames
I can read another language ! Sometimes I forget how cool that is and then I remember .
I am exactly like Harry Potter in that I am not in Slytherin because I know I am capable of being in Slytherin .
Today I discovered it's a family problem . My aunt responded to a comment on Facebook with :}
Nbd just watching beetles hiss on Youtube .
My problem is I want cool friends
Hick guy hooks up with princess who turns out to be his sister to fight bad guy who turns out to be their father explain
skeleton was just talking to me from my tv , thought you should know , he appears to be in advertising now
I will draw one ( 1 ) sketch of someone kissing a pokemon if you send me a photo . You cannot choose the pokemon .
i realized i was in love with another girl outside a quizno's in central pennsylvania
Even if "" Birdman "" doesn't win , the director can be proud that he patted himself on the back for the entire length of the
Gina Yashere is a mixed bag . Extremely funny but made a prison rape joke , and is making fun of Africa ( she's African English ) to white ppl
Just got a random movie recommendation from a random old lady who wandered in while I was setting up class thanksithink
Howling is a metaphor for sex
Hey Right Wing , can we take a break for 20 minutes , so I can eat some dinner ? Same rules when I return : YOU SET UP JOKE ,
If you read a single thing this day / week / month , make it this thing by
This might be the worst hangover I've ever had
Comedy Bang Bang is making me laugh ! hipsterwiley
I want to be able to eat while I advocate for higher wages , eh ?
physically stand between them if safe & amp ; loudly strike up conversation about different topic , recruit others to form shield
If you run around in a circle and give yourself a high - 5 you'll still be in debt for the rest of your life
please help these suffering people . This is an outrageous human rights abuse
They just played "" my heart will go on "" and "" criminal "" back to back at this rite aid ...
I'm gonna need the people of Boston to stop leaving diapers on the sidewalk
congrats to laura dern and josh malina who will surely get to recreate this moment in the hbo series about this stupid ye
Donald Trump just slammed Qatar for terrorism . So whats up with his big hotel project there ? via
How a fake story spread - with ease - from a parody site to Russian propaganda to Fox News
Donald Trump Jr . live-tweeted the Comey testimony and it was ridiculous
Ethics laws are a Chinese hoax designed to ruin our country .
Sad but true . It's sickening .
Just typed his name and the word facebook into google . Boom .
RETWEET if You Pledge Not to Watch NBC's Megan Kelly / Alex Jones Interview in Support of of Victims of Sandy Hook ! !
Really ? ? ? ? Come on jurors lol
What is left to tell a black child about interacting w / the police ? Be courteous , follow directions & amp ; things will be fine
Oh ? I don't know a ton about her , but now I'm a bit more interested . So did she work for
"" Pelosi was a major drag "" because the GOP has been demonizing her , in part * because * she is an effective legislative foi
this ! Because for every retweet will die a little on the inside ! You know this kills him !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in for Android .
American women killed by American menAnnually : 1600 American women killed by refugeesEver : 0 But let's pretend Refugees t
This is the chair . Watch Part 9 of TwinPeaks 2017 NOW ! TwinPeaks Showtime
You made this country a worldwide embarrassment
WACKY FACT : In nature Lions eat Nazis and Cops , often both at the same time .
Maaaan you don't worship God . Unless God means YOU
Trump Says Obamacare is Dead . But Millions Can Enroll This Week .
Great . Rapists with a name / power are being called out . They are starting to finally believe the victims . Let me kno
This is about humanity . Regard for humanity . Period .
There are a ton of trolls , bots , whatever they are on these comments from what I can see . It's insane . J
Zero tolerance for alleged sexual predation ... unless you've done good things in your life and you're in the right party
Without the hot body indeed . They should all go hunting ...
BREAKING : Alabama freezes CHIP Enrollment . Senate Republicans chose the path of repeal & amp ; tax cuts instead of renewing a prog
Dont let them get you down : We cannot absolutely prove that those are in error who tell us that society has reached a turning
LeanIn ... Johan struggles again , NFL Network is a hit on Cablevision , and I have dreams of fuckin ' an adult film chick ... Morning .
Watching Giants Training Camp report on MSG . Mets still tanking it vs . Rockies .
Who watch wwe raw tonight ? They need to respect the Michael Clarke Duncan please
Their defense is playing like little Chihuahuas . VintageADRReferences
Showing love , fam . I'll be checking for it when it hits the streets .
Lotta twists so far this season on SVU .
LeanIn ... Superstorm Sandy may force me to stay home tomorrow . Morning .
I'm drunk now . Time for Stat & amp ; Melo to do some work . KnicksTape
Did you hear just mention & amp ; on today ? Greatness
You've got some on deck here in New York .
And so shall the streak , fella .
Playing with the Lean_Del_Rio in Madden 13 , Lean_Del_Rio defeated the Chiefs 21-0 on Rookie in Ultimate Team .
Okay . Turns out that AP was hacked .
The doubleheader's over . Blue Jays win . I love mlb . tv .
I don't think we'll ever know that one , Kid .
Following on IG now ...
You could always call Joe and Evan , but they're too fun .
Yes another crossword shot ! ! Say Goodnight Babs ! ! !
Gotta get thru today without a hitch . FinalDestination
Mark Henry and Mae Young should have been higher on WWECountdown WWENetwork
Listen to Stephen A . stayofftheweed
fifteensecondfriday Belmont Stakes Edition .
On the bus chasing the cheese . Luxury
Stay black y'all . DeadMike
TheLeanShow 115 The Kathy Griffin Hates trumpsamericayall Edition
Did you just complain about people rooting for someone to lose his job ? Same guy who rooted 4 Melo to leave the Knicks .
Mr . Heyman , you sir are a genius . I'm a NJ Devils Guy shirts ? Absolutely ! ! I'd
Been doing lots of twittering and tweeting on today . Maybe I'll get a new follower ! keepthedreamalive
I think I can safely say is the funniest and most creative businessman on or off TV .
Whatcha watching FOX News for ? "" Let no man expose his ears to the dangerous lies of FOX News lest he be defiled . "" - Jesus
timewarnercable SouthPark ok I'm done now
Going off that screenshot , it seems that many guys in that city really love scarves .
How many tens of customers will be using the product like this ?
I love that we live in a world where we have so many preconceived expectations about a man dressed as a ba
The Comedy Button : Episode 268 is up - - stops by to make us feel better about life . h
Dream E3Predictions : - GTA V Story DLC is Bully 2 - Open-world Pokmon for Switch - Battlefield 1 VS . Dinosaurs - Elder S
Chipotle no longer carries the fiberglass guacamole anymore !
I appreciate you clicking that heart , Kevin but ever since you admitted to being a like-whore , it
My 90 year old grandad just beat me in a Mario Kart race !
I can't wait for killington
People are confusing man but there's always marijuana
Can't wait to meet my niece
Patient : So are you German ? Me : yea a little bit Patient : I thought so your hair gives it away ........
Two weeks notice are in . Can't swing this afterall
Just took Tylenol with a shot glass morningafter
First thing I see on campus this morning ? A drug bust welcometocoastal
There are so many "" interesting looking "" people left behind because of these exams
the girl next to me is moving so awkwardly in her seat .. I think her butt itches or something .
Got a paycheck for 2.91 ... fail
I just want to see ellisetestone americanidolproblems
Yo I'm eatin fun dip not given a Fok
Siri , call me maybe ?
Is it too early for vodka ? spiritairlines
So excited ! ! !
Everyone looks sexy and crazy ... my work here is done rockyhorror behindcloseddoors
Because we're done with finals and were gonna get druuuunk . holidayparty goingtothechapel
It's like the Muppets Take Manhattan just with Coastal kids
I need to get out of this school . Can't take it any more .
Yo , Augusta wants the D . No joke they are hungry .
"" If you're a slut , be a slut . "" directorsnotes
That awkward moment when a server asks , "" Are you done ? "" and grabs your plate before you can answer .
NOOOOOOOOO ! ! ! ! !
Our tickets may be cheaper but at least we get to share a venue with tweetusback 4girls1gay
I'm not mad , but Jefferson Mays should have won . It was a tight race .
Things I miss more than anything right now : Chick-fil-A , SOUTHERN sweet tea , Carrabba's , Outback , Olive Garden , Cracker Barrel
$ 5.00 for a bag of gummy bears at the airport ? This is an unholy abomination !
The popcorn guy wanted to know why I didn't buy movie ticket and told her to find a new boyfriend . ShesNotMyType
Get some Jack Link's ASAP ! Will cure 99.9 % of Hangry symptoms !
Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett : it's so wrong , but it's so right ! GRAMMYs
If we don't see eye to eye on Drag Race , we can't date .
It's amazing how good you feel when you actually get enough sleep the night before .
This week has been one of my favorite Halloween weeks . Just too much work and not enough play .
tik and also tok by rapper ke dollar sign ha
... i should probably get dressed if im going to this thing at the school
yonan is a sweetheart .
so many tears tonight . I hate crying in front of people ahhh .
i live for piano / acoustic covers of songs
today I'm rocking the "" I'm a fuckin mess "" look
only thing that matters today : puppy bowl
I aspire to be her
life update : i just bought a burger shirt
somebody take me to IHOP
I hate how wonderful you are
how am I supposed to eat my feelings when I have no money to buy the food that I use to eat my feelings ? ? ? ?
I just want to nap and avoid all my responsibilities
Bless jay for being the best supervisor ever and bring panera for me
We didn't get arrested , which is always good ! !
um .... so who should i be following ...
hate to say it but I don't like Sonja any more ... at all ...... already didn't like Ramona or Alexis ....
I went to a big adoption event today ... to b e a single mommy like you .. home to watch you girl !
Ok I'm 100 away from 25,000 followers , help ? Silly goal , but it would be great ! rhony
Instead of playing a GOPDebate drinking game , I just went ahead and got liquored up ahead of time . I cannot wait for this
as a liberal Democrat i think you are an awesome person , Politician and American ! ! ! Bless you
Home all week by myself . So this is what a quiet house without toys everywhere is like ! Actually a bit lonely ...
I just ousted as the mayor of Noble Roman's on
Jared Leto's face is perfection in Ellen DeGeneres's group selfie pic . oscars
Don't wait . Go out and make things happen .
This is just the beginning . Crisis escalates TONIGHT at 10/9 c .
you are the master if that right ?
' Communicating Doors ' : Mystery , Murder and Heart theatre reviews
My list : Five of the best in Houston Do you have suggstions for others I missed ? Tweet and let me know !
See "" Heartbreak House "" for laughs and some good ole crazy family life ! Get tickets now ! Houston theater
My thoughts on the latest movies out now ! Read my reviews here ! Hollywood journalism thoughts life
Apply it by attacking quickly and drawing first blood that way you are on the offense , not defense .
A sold out house for our second preview night and a great review from Brandon Hoyos at News 92FM ! Godspell is ...
Need something funny this weekend . See "" The 39 Steps "" comedy fun journalism theatre
Houston Ballet presents a holiday classic ' The Nutcracker ' Christmas holiday Houston review dancember
The Illusionists : An entertaining evening of magic and illusions via magic Houston
Download the app to get Free Gift Cards . Use my invite code for 50 free coins : VRRNQZRV
Tickets are officially on sale for the 16/17 Season ! Buy now to get the best seats available
Look for something positive in each day , even if some days you have to look a little harder .
I just entered to win an awesome prize from
We're raising $ for Harvey victims through our DnD stream 2morrow , but you can donate NOW !
Destiny 2 server maintenance has concluded . Destiny 2 Update 1.0 . 3 is now available on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One :
FOLLOW & amp ; for a chance to win this SpiritedAway movie prize pack . giveaway Get tickets and showtimes :
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Mrs . Incredible Rock Candy ! TheIncredibles
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a CHASE glow-in-the-dark Raiden 8 - Bit Pop ! from the exclusive
Just waking up and the morning sun greets me . What will it be today ? I think to myself . I rush to get ready and out
I got The Dead Man On Campus - Which Urban Legend Are You ? via WTF IS THE DEAD MAN ON CAMPUS ?
It's done ! :D I hope you like it : 3 Extra WIP Gif : markiplier
told me I don't followback 1 % of my followers , whats your nonfollowback score ?
via YEAH ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Listia's Cyber Monday Week is in full effect - check out all the amazing prizes !
call of duty bo3 with weirdos : via
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation 4 ! PS4live ( Call of Duty : Black Ops III ) live at
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation 4 ! PS4live ( Bully ) live at
I added a video to a playlist Styx master of shadows part 2
Kingdom hearts trivia ft . Almighy_T Carolina reaper challenge : via
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation 4 ! PS4live ( Destroy All Humans ! ) live at
Bully part 10 : via
Advice on Acing Your Admissions Essay -
A look at private school voucher programs on the privateschool site . What are your thoughts ?
Advice for International Students -
SSAT Study Series - Winterbreak is the perfect time to prep admissions
Read this : Your guide to applying to private school .
Does a Private School Have to Accept Your Child ? -
Do You Want to Find a Private School Teaching Job ?
Why Choose a Single-Sex School ? Learn more about why it might be right for your child .
What Are Some Private School Traditions ?
5 things you need to know about LearningDifferences & amp ; the BoardingSchool AdmissionsProcess
How to Achieve Cultural Diversity in the Private School System via
5 Ways to Do Better in Math Class
Resources for Administrators : Information about running a Private School via
What Happens on a BoardingSchool Tour ? Find out -
What is Rolling Admission ? -
BacktoSchool : What to Bring to Boarding School
From Shakespeare to Shrek , the Most Popular High School Musicals and Plays today . bravo encore
Why are Some Private Schools so Competitive ? -
Howto : Stand out during your admissions interview -
How to learn more about a private school -
Understanding the NEW model for Admission & amp ; Marketing Partnerships
A look at private school voucher programs on the privateschool site . What are your thoughts ?
The Benefits of Attending an All-Girls ' School singlesex
Do Private Schools Need to be Accredited ? -
Private School Admissions Tests for Young Children
What Is a Harkness Table ?
Advice on Acing Your Admissions Essay -
What's the difference between private schools and independent schools ? Find out :
Three High School STEM Experiments to Try Right Now via
Marketing in a Business World : How solid strategic marketing can positively affect your bottom line
4 Tips to Deal with Test Anxiety
How to write the Parent Statement when applying to Private School parenting admission
That last tweet was a bold-faced lie . What can I say , I'm a My Coke Rewards point whore .
Water Balloon Piata :) thomashaydenpuryear happythirdbirthday Home is Wherever I'm With You
Happy Seven Months to my amazing boyfriend danny_dez I love you baby and am so blessed to have
Because these two have my heart :) oneluckylady thomashaydenpuryear fall 2014 lighthousecountryclub
My beautiful flowers from my two amazing men ;) thomashaydenpuryear thehernandezfamily
Good morning blazethebordercollie summer 2015 Home is Wherever I'm With You
My boys driving me around :) golfcoursewife thomashaydenpuryear fall 2015 lighthousecountryclub
Playing pitcher number 9hasmyheart teeball thomashaydenpuryear spring 2016 YMCA of the
I am so thrilled to be your wife danny_dez our wedding was so perfect ! I couldn't have asked
Are you still skeptical about Plexus ? Guess what company just got an A + rating from the Better
does anyone else make sarcastic comments out loud when watching a TV show or film even though youre completely alone ?
My aunt lost her boobs to cancer , but it's better not because Wanda got a boob job ! WorldCancerDay
Forget those who forget you
someone threw ice and a piece landed in my mouth
a babys laughter is one of the most beautiful sounds u will ever hear unless its 3am and youre home alone and u dont have
here's to the kids who just wanna walk away from their whole life sometimes
a half naked girl can get thousands of retweets how many can Jsus get ?
If you don't use your turn signal , I automatically assume you're a douche bag in every other aspect of your life .
Think positive , be positive and positive things will happen radiatepositivity
salad tastes pretty good once you add some pizza and get rid of the salad
I forgot what an absolute geek I am but don't worry , old Doctor Who behind the scenes footage of & amp ; reminded me .
I want to live in here
All jokes aside , your voice tonight was actually unreal . So were your boobs . That is also not a joke to me .
best friend reunited today after over 35 years of not seeing each other
Proud of my boys , especially my seniors ! ! ! ! What a way to leave your mark ! WeAreFRA 10-0
"" College is like in Mario Kart where you go from 1st to 11th because you slipped on your own bananas . "" UConn
when your bestfriend makes a new really close friend
college is so fun bc there's so many surprises like when will I eat next ? ? will my card decline this time ? ? is this all
That's the day AFTER Valentines Day . It's called 75 % off chocolate .
EXOs exclusive teaser video is now one Tweet away !
I've collected 10,389 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 20,224 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 3,895 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 765 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 20,320 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 10,128 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 1,162 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 1,045 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 10,703 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 6,640 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 775 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 13,317 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 15,740 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 5,962 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 902 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 650 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I received a $ 6.5 PayPal via free cash
I've collected 20,280 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 60 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 15,740 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 17,650 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 61,691 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 6,367 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 915 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 4,785 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 29,675 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 6,095 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 445 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 53,593 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 449 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I just won $ 0.05 from a contest . instagc
I received $ 55 Direct Deposit . instagc free cash
America has one problem when it comes to voting : it has been denied to too many for too long . Anything that makes it harder is
The Return of Mass Elderly Poverty in Americas Future ? equitablog
Texans are dying bec of Inept , Lying , Criminal & amp ; TXGOP refusal to Expand Medicaid ! UniteBlue ACA
Friend and teammate battling cancer at a young age . He is an amazing athlete and even nicer person .
PODCAST : How to protect yourself ( and your data ) online w /
I'll wait to decide what I think about Piketty until I hear what all 3 % of scientists funded by big oil have to say .
Cigarettes kill more soldiers and sailors than wars do , and cost taxpayers billions :
Rob Rogers keeping it fresh ! !
Ernest Hemingway's passport photo , 1923
Finishing a beautiful book in a beautiful place in Philippines - THANK YOU for sharing RedefiningRealness
It's a SCANDAL we don't treat our vets right , says GOP Thankfully , has identified the problem htt
I knew Obamacare was doing well but not "" we're still going to pretend there's an IRS scandal "" well .
The Daily ISIS in Iraq , Egypt frees hunger-striking journalist , and what happens to 2 in 5 African girls ?
The only way to stop a bad soccer riot at the WorldCup is with a good guy with a soccer riot .
5 Economic Reforms Millennials Should Be Fighting For !
I hope the Tea Party doesn't take the wrong lesson from this and stop wasting Republicans money on self-mutilation . That would
Reid on HobbyLobby : It's time that five men on the Supreme Court stop deciding what happens to women . SCOTUS
Most dangerous cities in the world ; a couple are popular vacation spots !
Justice Department widens probe to include missing IRS emails .
Bandit insited I wear the Batman costume a lovely fan had sent me . While I was changing she ran upstairs to change into Robin
In honor of the life and mission of James Brady , the man who helped persuade Ronald Reagan to support background checks , follow
These 21 Musicians And Celebrities Died at Age 27 -
Liberals are embarrassed by the Rick Perry indictment . Notably , conservatives aren't embarrassed by Rick Perry .
So happy to have met tonight . One of the nicest people I've ever had the pleasure of speaking to . :)
BobMcCulloch new witness 40 SandraMcElroy LIED
We never play to segregated audiences and we arent going to start now . Id sooner lose our appearance money . 1965
This is terrorism , what you are doing . You are terrorists
The skeletal remains of a Roman-era couple reveal the pair has been holding hands for 1,500 years .
The irony of the BoycottHamilton movement is that it's mostly folks who already boycott both hip-hop and knowledge of h
Boy howdy , I hope this is good ! Because if it's a virtual board game or endless runner I'm gonna flush my whole body d
if you've been a Simmer for at least 1 year !
Next week's ep looks amazing . shocker ? naaaahh . ;)
Desperate Housewives - Episode 8.06 - Witch's Lament - Sneak Peek | Spoiler TV via
Ratings News - 8th November 2011 * Full Ratings Table * via
Photo : How I am supposed to let go ? I can help you . But the question is : are you ready ? Yeah , I think ...
FACT : when it's a ep we can be sure it's hilariously funny , smart and gets Caskett a step closer to ... well .. ...
ill in the blanks ! >
Ratings News - 7th January 2012 via
CSI : Las Vegas - Episode 12.11 - Ms . Willows Regrets - Sneak Peek via
Latest From Kristin - Various Shows - 23rd January 2012 via
Bones - Emily Deschanel joins Twitter + BTS photos via
Once Upon a Time - Various Articles from TV Guide and - 10th February 2012 via
Once Upon a Time - Episode 1.17 - Hat Trick - Short Synopsis via
Photo : castlefreak 1212 :
Is it CastleTime yet ? ! DoTheCastle
Castle - Episode 4.20 - The Limey - 4 Sneak Peeks via
ICYMI - 11th April 2012 via
Lol ! Thank you ! :D Youre More than right ! Congratulations on winning first place ! :)
You're awesome ! Thank you ! :D I wouldn't dare ruin it for the west coast fans . I'll be watching PST .
ICYMI - 14th May 2012 via
Burn Notice - Episode 6.05 - Split Decision - Promotional Photos via
YAY ! Thank you ! :D
Except that GSR is not one of the 9 shows on Michael's list shown at the bottom of the post , Shane ! XD
Happy Birthday , Mark ! I hope you have a great day ! :D
OMG ! SecretsAndLies was renewed for a second season ! YAY ! ! ! I'm so excited !
Hey Cry ! Now that Folklore is done , are you going to play Dreamfall Chapters Book 4 ? Just wondering . :D
today is the day i face my all my grandparents at once and explain why the hell i got a tattoo about monsters .
And then at the end of the movie the hot girl put on glasses , and everyone realized that she was smart the whole time .
Love seeing take off from over Castle Island . Great colors in the sky ! TravelSkills
Liverpool is coming back to Fenway this summer ! ! ! Huzzah ! ! !
are you guys looking for a place within walking distance of Haddad's ? ?
I bet it would waddle in the cutest way . I hope mini elephants are ticklish . DAMNIT , SCIENCE ! We need this ! !
Balsamic glaze is so messy , but SO good . dinner omnomnom
cleanser , toner , and moisturizer . Then I press my face up against my boyfriend's to snuggle . PINCHmeNYFW
Iceland ! Vikings , northern lights , incredible scenery , hot springs , and elves . What more could a gal want ? !
They should rename 90DayFiance "" How Much Does Mohamed Want A Greencard ? ""
see you at Tiant bobblehead night !
Retweet for a chance to win 1 shade from Delight OR Satins ! Winners chosen Tues by 5pm ET !
Kate McKinnon as Bieber > actual Bieber SNL 40
New fave lunch spot = Zo at Center Plaza . SO good ! Boston gyro omnomnom
A5 . I'd love to see whale sharks up close ! ExpediaChat Mexico
it's a great spot for kayaking !
I've heard there are lots of tourists in July / August . October was pleasant , December was bitterly cold and harsh . ExpediaChat
thank you so much ! ! ! ! PrimarkBoston
A12 . Azerbaijan , Russia , Kazakhstan , Iran , Turkmenistan . TravelSkills
who knew ? ! I'm obsessed and can't wait to see it . And cookies are Ryan's favorite food , so he'll probably try to move in .
I never want to leave NewZealand . travel NZ SouthIsland
Obsessed with my SoFancy mystery box from amazing early Xmas gift from
A4 . Gossiping on the beach while drinking margaritas , then getting dolled up and dancing ! AskOrbitz
Beach Gary and Chad were so entertaining ! Hope to see more videos of them in the future !
A3 . The avo toast Beach Club ( Hamilton Island , Australia ) was amazing . View was decent , too ! ExpediaChat
Thanks ! Gotta get those underwater selfies :-) TravelSkills
that's on my list ! I've heard it's a great spot for seeing whale sharks .
I know it's going to be a great day when I suddenly remember to drink my tea before it gets cold and it's the PERFECT temperature .
Awesome , I can't wait ! omnomnom
he sure is ! He's been doing it for a while now and was excited to hear that it's one of the causes on Smile !
On the hunt for the perfect fanny pack / bumbag for storing my drinkin ' snacks . notashamed fashion sustenance
Sneaky train snacks ! omnomnom Cheddars
Photoset : yourroyalpenis : I wish every tie post was like this . Its so helpful . omg
Bad call , Sioux Falls . LetStudentsDecide
Why does hair growing back have to be so itchy I am never shaving my head again
ask how you can start earning cash back on geting your carpet restretched email us at hundreddollarmike @yahoo . com
Bon Jovi - Greatest Hits : The Ultimate Collection ( Full Album ) Qk . via
Marilyn Manson - Heart-Shaped Glasses ( When The Heart Guides The Hand ) - YouTube hillareyclitonforyonevoiceforusall
I dont like my answer to this .....
and this is exactly why I don't eat in the cafe . hahaha
I feel so blessed to have developed such a passion for this cause and I can't imagine spending my
Our Egyptian student union wants to have an Egyptian lunch this week & amp ; serve koshari and fool . NoHabibi MeatAllDay
Changes need to be made .
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger
i miss the way i never used to miss anything at all
nay . Wassup ? I nayed you . what you gonna do ? ill wait
this the chicken that be fighting Peter Griffin from family guy
me trying to remember when i asked for ur opinion
Gotta move different when the moods different .
If you go out of your way to make other ppl feel bad Idwfu
If you ever switched up on me , stay where you're at .
If u dont appreciate me , I'm gone .
we have sex in my head so much .
Me after working out for 5 mins
dont care like i used to
I envy anyone that doesn't have to work weekends .
Take a minute today and spend some time in nature . Look up to the sky and just stare . Let your your mind be in awe at the bea
lolol its already lit tho
How do i make this go away ?
dope people will have you seeing life different .
be lowkey be private be humble
Light nigga , dark nigga , faux nigga , real nigga Rich nigga , poor nigga , house nigga , field nigga Still nigga
"" Wyd after smoking this ? ""
Earth tryna kick us off this mf
$ 1 million . Fuck y'all .
never change who you are just because someone has a problem with it
no longer forcing shit ... it is what it is from now on
keep my circle small cause people too shady
hardin meade breckenridge all closed tomorrow ... bullitt county is like LETS DO IT THE CHARGER WAY
Goal , United ! RVP nets his brace just before halftime to tie it up on aggregate , 2-2 ! Feed from Rooney . UCLonFOX
FT : Fulham U18s 1 mufc U18s 4 . Rashford , Mitchell ( 2 ) & amp ; Croskery seal a deserved win , but Fulham played their part in an enter
Disappointed Donovan didn't make the world cup
no , not in this game
I'd like to thank for this amazing playlist ! ! Its perfect
Landon Donovan keeps on scoring . keep on rising .
Adnan Januzaj did this for Man Utd U21s last night ...
Marco Reus extends his contract at Borussia Dortmund until 2019 . More news on the Fanzo App
Looks like college board figured out the trick to view scores early
Wishing a very happy 34th birthday to the one and only Kaka !
My aunt has not been able to leave the hospital she works at since Saturday morning bc of the floods
phishing emails tricked a . ca university to "" update "" a major vendor payment . $ 11.9 M sent to criminals !
RYH's sponsoring a screening of Backpack Full of Cash narrated by Matt Damon Sat 9/30 in Oak Park ! h
CWB Chicago : Heroin Worth $ 123,000 Seized In Lincoln Square Rai ...
I am in disbelief right now ... This is Long Island , Bahamas and the ocean water is missing ! ! ! That's as far as they see Hurri
A woman offered this family her house on the market after they lost theirs during Harvey
Geneva High Student Pours Gas On Himself In School Cafeteria : School Officials
Whoa Momma : ' Family Matters ' House To Be Razed , Served As Home To Urkel
The guy who requested a taxpayer funded jet for his honeymoon would like to lecture us about proper behavior at work . TakeA
Fucked up that an account named Todd Hitler can get twice as many characters to tweet as I do . Nazis are truly running ramp
Despicable rewrite of history . "" The First Nations people's agreed to move to different areas to make room for the new sett
Your taxpayer dollars subsidize the production of guns .
FEMA abruptly removes stats about Puerto Rico's drinking water and electricity , keeps stats showing positive signs
Very excited about the latest entry to the ILGOV race ! ilpoli
See a sensoryfriendly showing of Saturday , 10/14 at select Regal Cinema locations : MyW
It's been 40 days and two Cat 5 hurricanes , and St . John , USVI is still 100 % without power . These are American citizens .
Burglar points gun at security camera during North Side break-in
Also , tied for 1st in OBP ( . 334 ) , ranked 2nd in BA ( . 268 ) , 3rd in OPS ( . 762 ) and plate appearances per strikeout ( 5.35 )
University of Hartford student faces bigotry charge in case involving former roommate
convention is packed ! Looks like ppl want to see change in our corrupt political system . We need to run our own can
If the left tidal wave continues into 2018 , which it probably will , it will be an extreme lost opportunity if there are no big
Faced with a sexual assault allegation , George Takei is tries blame ... Russian bots , despite his own weird comments here :
BREAKING UPDATE : Indianapolis councilman Jeff Miller charged with 3 counts of child molestation via
They sure nailed that teacher and that gymnastics coach for sexual abuse . Didnt debate whether they should step down or
Man behind viral ALS ' Ice Bucket Challenge ' passes away at 46 via
I kind of miss the snow .
"" We're not leaving until we're heard ! "" CPSboard ChiPubSchools FundOurSchools
and dozens of corroborating witnesses + his own conflicting statements .
Listen : Corey Feldman Told Police About Alleged Child Molester Jon Grissom in 1993 , ' Lost ' Tape Reveals
Homework sucks . Today , were partnering with to support students going to museums & amp ; playing games with their family
The train has derailed . Emergency crews are on the scene . Massive damage . People are hurt .
I stood behind a girl at Starbucks today who I thought was wearing socks . They were actually shoes designed to look like socks .
We're not your customers , Jared . We're your BOSSES .
Eiffel Tower , volcano , sinking pirate ship , roller coasters thru casinos ... I mean how do we see it all and I still have time to hit slotts
I don't wanna exist , why the fuck am I here ?
makes yummy food . whatagoodbae
Libra need to sense that you are always aware of them .
People are beautiful even if you don't find them attractive . The fact that theyre a living being is unbelievably magn
Just because it's not happening right now , doesn't mean it never will .
There comes a point in your life when you realize who really matters , who never did , and who always will .
a place were the heart can be seen
Everyone you meet has something to teach you .
Libra don't want perfect relationship , they just want someone they can act silly with , treats them well and loves being wi
Life lesson : you can't make everyone happy
I can't wait for Bassik Instinctz , ft Mark Instinct & amp ; Twofold ! Twofold markinstinct edmbanger olympictheater
Tomorrow ! & amp ; come to Chicago ! Say Plur for $ 5 off entry fee ! Tix : https://t.co / 43b3YKlO3P almostfamous
$ 15 Presales for my Pineal Pinwheel design . DM me if interested in purchasing . Pins Presales PinsforSale
Congrats to me ! I just completed the Lineup Announcement challenge on SocialLadder ! WhatsYourScore
I need this in my life
A pipeline that is owned by the same company behind DAPL just burst -
On a dark and unexpected Sunday night in November , the ForestFamily took to the streets of Ann Arbor to "" Follow the E
practice for when I poop on
"" I want someone to look at me the way Joe Biden looks at Obama . ""
No one in my friend group knows how to be straight up and that's a serious issue where the question has to come up .
"" b more romantic omg "" the fucking confetti lmao
All I want to do right now is fuck up some good southern cooked food .
I can't wait till someone beats the living shit out of George Zimmerman . Hope he pisses the right crazy person off !
In love with my new drawing I just did . drawing sketch doodlersanonymous
Goes to show you how far a 4th grade education mentality can take you , I guess . What a fucking idiot .
To the teenage fuckers catcalling me on my run , I hope your pencil thin genitalia become engulfed with raging warts and boils .
reminds me of the main kid from the horror flick "" Funny Games "" . Chilling .
How television networks can use their leverage to force Trump to release his tax returns :
In fairness , theres a reasonable chance Trump doesnt know which one the second amendment is .
This jacket is going to kill me . Marblehead , Massachusetts
I think you're missing the subtleties of your own words . sorryjeremy !
HE PUT UP AN AMERICAN FLAG . debate
Chomsky . ( h / t
Union leader attacked by Trump : "" He needs to worry about getting his cabinet filled , and leave me the hell alone . ""
Very first trip into the city WITHOUT a stroller . We're growing up ,
I hate trump but this is not a credible news source .
if you're not a reporter and want to see Trump's tax returns
just for unborn life , but the women that carry them ... right .
that ONE of you has ... 3 times at least . Just one of you .
HOW ABOUT YOU COVEE THE ACTUAL FUCKING NEWS ?
I may be late to the dianaandrews party , but anyone who has surgery to look they way they do shouldn't be fat shaming
I'm taking the day off from painting tomorrow . This fast and furious mode I'm in needs a break
I'm leaving for GA in four days ... nothing like prepping for 6 paintings before I leave . .
Fill your heart with the buffet of hate And leave enraged ! Bon appetit !
who won the fight , the racist or the wife beater ?
The fact that Kylie Jenner's pregnancy is trending over healthcare should explain why Trump won .
They just dont do it for me . Not enough texture . No crunch . At least a waffle can have crunch .
Holy Spicy ! Thank you , Matt , for this , the first of many gifts to
Youre the book he never reads but he keeps you on his nightstand anyways . Story of my life . Pun intended .
Were going for eh , yeah , ok ... thatll do . Nailed it . Marblehead , Massachusetts
If you are Latino at all , its not evident in your name or appearance
Masters : Tiger Woods went 5 - under on the front 9 Sunday to catch Rory McIlroy . Leaderboard : j406
Not only did Lebron win the NBA title , now I've still got to wake up tomorrow and have the same life and problems I had ...
We got Stockley in the slot tho ? Big get any way you cut it .
First Mack fired his D-coordinator . Then Kiffin got the axe . Now Tennessee , mid-season , fires its ... band director .
you nailed that one .
Possible Game 7 of World Series at Yankee Stadium or Fenway if we play the AAA Cubs .
And you're alive , at least as far as I can tell you are .
Women and cat's will do what they want . Men and dogs will learn to live with it .
Blast in Lahore , Pakistan , kills 50 , injures 200 , health adviser says .
Jesus said "" If you hold to my teaching you are really my disciples . Then you will know the truth & amp ; the truth will set you
don't let Ted fool you , he loves us
I read the rules and I've broken them all - Keep up the GREAT work ! !
Listening to Social Media Monitoring Tools : Benchmarking the Competitive Landscape webinar given by Ami Martin of White Horse
Going to Job Cafe meeting to hear Tom Cox speak about procrastination ! Fun Topic !
- by liking "" 1 "" , do you mean HRExpertConsulting.com ?
Monday's not usually good networking , but got Social Media Club Membership Mixer then a Welldiggers meeting , topic tonight cover letters
Going to network meeting in North Portland with Happy Hour Aficionados !
thanks for DM , can't reply because your not following me , Are you a member of JETAA-Portland ?
Does your attention to personal grooming die down once you are in a committed relationship ?
Attending 2nd day of Nw food processing association annual expo ( @ Oregon Convention Center )
I just won $ 0.06 from a contest at instaGC .
Happy BonusCodeTuesday ! Use code GBXJG 49 for 100 free points . Please retweet if you used it !
why error "" home doesn't have Nest Learning Thermostat that controls heat pump "" when sign up 4 rush rewards , have Nest installed
I just earned 5 Points from searching the web . instagc
HorizonSnacks samples came in the mail . GotItFree from BzzAgent . Organic goodies for the lunchbox . Whole grains and lots of protein !
time for a divorce : In Spring , 2019 , Californians will vote to decide if California should leave the Union .
What Drumpf's Cabinet Could Do to National Parks
Memo to self : Add Nordstrom's to boycott list .
Yes ! You go , Update the Constitution to end Republican anti-voter rigging and CitizensUnited
Hello beautiful people in Louisiana , We have a brilliant Democrat Senator Mr . Campbell VOTE HIM INTO office ! VOTE VOTE
GOP ( hearts ) oil-thug dictator ! Poll : Republican Favorability of Putin Spiked After Election via
Mothers Incarcerated With Children in Obama's Disgraceful Family Prisons Want Freedom for the Holidays
27 Drumpf Brands to Boycott NOW ! via resistance notmypresident boycottTrump resist noGOP
7 Ways Renewable Energy Can Power Our World via
Ex-MI 6 agent was frustrated by FBI stalling investigating Trump / Russian file quislingComey TraitorTrump resist
How about you publish a guide to participating in the Women's March on Washington Saturday ? Here it comes ! Cover it ! resist
OrwellianTrump wants to control us by owning our reality , starting with destroying FreePress - Resist
America to news media : Stop stop giving free air time to Con-Job Conway ! RESISTANCE
What an idiot . Trump / Bannon didn't even include Saudi Arabia in their travel ban . Too much Trump / Exxon biz there . resist
notWatchingTrump . Not listening to his self-serving , rabble-rousing lies . I can read anything noteworthy online .
Watchdog calls on New York atty . gen.to probe foreign funds in Drumpf organization . CrookedTrump via
Every City Should Build a Digital Archive as Amazing as Amsterdam's
A Global Alliance of 1930s - style Fascist Far-Right Parties threatens democracy resist
I liked a video Al Franken CRUSHES Trump During Sally Yates And James Clapper Testimony
I liked a video Julia Ott : How Tax Policy Created the One Percent - MR Live - 06/01 / 17
I liked a video What Happens toYour Body WhenYou Start Eating 2 Eggs aDay
Washington Post : U . S . Officials say Russia is now hacking our nuclear & amp ; electric power sites . TraitorTrump
When Michael Met Arthur | July 26 , 2017 Act 3 | Full Frontal on TBS via
REMINDER : Just 77,756 voters in Wisconsin , Michigan , Pennsylvania , Susan Sarandon , and Jill Stein caused this Guam Nor
I liked a video Yuja Wang_Rhapsody on a theme by Paganini ( Rachmaninoff )
Yes , but Puerto Ricans aren't white enough to vote according to archaic judicial case law and Republicans .
I liked a video Health Care : How To Make A Jacked Up American Quilt | October 4 , 2017 Act 2 | Full
5 Reasons Amsterdam Works So Well for Bikes . Cities transportation environment bicycles
TraitorDrumpf warns that ' people will die ' unless the Russia investigation , and sanctions , are dropped .
How can KimJongUn ever hope to destroy America with Republicans beating him to it ?
I have to admit pretty impressed with the remodeled 750 sherwood sticks . Good balance
"" @GSparks40 : The key to success is loving what you do , even when it might not love you back . ""
At least you now know what you can't do it's a start haha
Might be true but my door opening skills are unmatched haha
Back up if my hockey career goes nowhere . Plus it is an asset for coaching
Last year 14 days before Day 1 of CSRodeo the worst flooding in our history happened . tbt yyc
Remember Jews and Arabs lived their peacefully for thousands of years with no issue . It is possible
For every retweet this tweet gets in the next 24 hours I will donate 1 cent to the ALSIceBucketChallenge
Coming soon to a city near you .
. @Monahan20 & amp ; joined the at their shoot-around this morning !
Wrote a letter to my younger self the night before the worst decision of my life .
The 5 Greatest Goaltenders in NHL History - hockey THW
One room sod house - prairie winds - 30 outside . Our ancestors tough mentally & amp ; physically ! No complaining today people
May we never forget . VeteransDay RemembranceDay 2015
Every candle has a story . The shamesh , the unsung hero , has no agenda but to ignite other candles inspiring them to be who the
New York City , thank you for an unforgettable weekend . PBRNYC
Brodeur won 302 one-goal games in his career . Only 28 other goalies have that many total wins .
In 15 years , goalies will be such good skaters that you'll see lacrosse-style breakouts . Take 2-3 strides with the puck
What positive mantra helps you during difficult times ? SickNotWeak
Secret labs , a hole in the wall , a bad spy novel . Unbelievable .... yet believable . A must read . wada olympics wada
Just remember the competition is still working even when you aren't . Somewhere someone else is doing more than you are now GrindAllTheTime
Can't wait for tomorrow's meeting some big news coming Invictus GottaStartSomewhere
USA soccer's Hope Solo suspended 6 months for calling the Swedish team ' a bunch of cowards . '
With a remarkable connection to MLK , star strives to uphold his family name .
Every one of us is battling something . So be your brother's keeper , for lifting others up will take you to new heights .
If you do not believe you can do it then you have no chance at all . Just Believe ! ! !
When u realize u have traveled over 15000km and lived in 3 different countries in the past 9 months and it's just the start
You will be missed in blue ice Bobby but hope you stay involved in position in some capacity and keep entertaining your fa
Hmmmm sometimes you wonder do curses really exist , starting to wonder if this is a real thing haha
The Golden Egg is at Trafficpharaoh !
That was a lot of fun , special thanks to everyone for hanging out with me tonight . Love the random weekend sessions of TELive
Robo Brain Learns New Skills From Studying The Internet via
9 daily followers . 6 unfollowers . Crowdfire doesn't miss a trick - via
The Golden Egg is at Trafficpharaoh !
The Rewarding Traffic Exchange !
Robo Brain Learns New Skills From Studying The Internet via
Behind the scenes at a Timtech Video Shoot
Robo Brain Learns New Skills From Studying The Internet via
Just a quick reminder .... I'm even addicted CTPXP CTPBadgeHunt
I'd love to get some feedback from the people that have been hosting the badges in the CTPBadgeHunt What have your results b
Schedule Email Reminders Based On Future Events With RocketResponder via
The Golden Egg is at SocialADSurf !
Email Marketing For Lawyers emailmarketing smallbusiness
Why You Are Missing Out .. TElive
And on the 4th day , there were Customers via
The Golden Egg is at TopHits 4U !
The Golden Egg is at TopFlightTraffic !
, Shawn Booth Went Undercover in Public See Their Hilari via
The Rewarding Traffic Exchange !
The Rewarding Traffic Exchange !
The Golden Egg is at Power Cash Stream !
YOU WILL LOVE THIS !
Creating A Culture Of Action Takers Starts With You via
The Employee Vs . Entrepreneur Mindset via
The Rewarding Traffic Exchange !
YOU WILL LOVE THIS !
The Rewarding Traffic Exchange !
The Rewarding Traffic Exchange !
YOU WILL LOVE THIS !
"" A spirit in my feet said go , and I went . "" - M . Brady ( via celestialcat )
"" Otro mundo es posible . "" - IBIZA
abnormalattractions asked : you live in a commune ? ! ? ! ? !
Photo : hippieseurope : "" connection "" ..
I added a video to a playlist Incredibly Relaxing Meditation Music - One Hour
I liked a video Marco Carola - Day And Night
Sisa Lelkes Sklovska ne spechy , kde sa len d: S Mata Hari rovno do Krei ! xfactor_sk
Katka z dievenskej skupiny Joy $ : Na obleenie ma stovky eur ! xfactor_sk
I liked a video Lady GaGa - Eh Eh [Acoustic]
"" And now that you dont have to be perfect , you can be good . "" - John Steinbeck , East of Eden ( via ...
I liked a video from How to Cure Apathy - Teal Swan -
"" 5 things to do before you get out of bed : 1 . express gratitude 2 . set your intentions for the day 3 .... ""
ravenzoe : this post is for anyone who feels a little lost right now . maybe you dont know what your path in ...
I wish to walk in my highest destiny !
Boundaries - "" Make good boundaries your goal . They are your right , your responsibility , your greatest ...
Pridal ( - a ) som do zoznamu vide video Sleep Programming for Prosperity-'Millionnaire Mindset '
Photo : love-this-pic-dot-com : True Power
Today - I remain open to the Truth . I let the Truth flow through me .
Photo : oldnavy : Jumpsuit pinspiration .
Photo : the-enchanted-storybook : Outlander Ep . 1x04 The Gathering
"" The next time you feel you have to defend something about yourself , ask yourself , why am I feeling I ... ""
I liked a video Astrology for the Soul October 7 , 2015
I liked a video from Lana Del Rey - Young & amp ; Beautiful ( Kaskade Remix )
Happy Hump Day ! ! :)
Happy 10:14 pm Eastern Standard Time on June 16th 2014 ! YouHaveOneMinuteToRetweetThis
PT / OT / SLP : Come to Grand Rapids , MI during Artprize 2017 to participate with CompHealth in Art Starz !
Roses are red , Violets are blue , I love my trowel , But I'd lend it to you ArchaeologyValentines
Official Ness of Brodgar guidebook now available to buy online
Watching my 8 year old learn to play the Atari is priceless Atari gaming retrogaming
is at the office , just left Homlmes helping thing 2 get his CAT scanned .
wtf mate ? How do I get forgotten
is at the office with thing 1 and thing 2 .
is going to remember 7.10 at the stroke of midnight , and is pondering what to do about 7.15 while testing programming that was already tested
I generally retweet ' s as Helen Keller + anal = very funny to me .
Just noticed that in the event of a plane crash , we get a boat ride , or to go down a slide . Woohoo !
- One of the astronauts in the Bus nasatweetup
I wonder how you know that ...
you underestimate my propensity for assisting in the proverbial "" good times ""
A little Johnny Cash for your Monday :
Congratulations and Action Dan for entry into The Hall of Fame . I am so happy for you ! So deserving . Tweeps ...
my back hurts . and my ankle and my back .
my dad says the same thing about my mom around this time every year .
Love is where you find it .
"" 5 Tips for Explaining Your Job Description to Your In-laws "" by Mark Cowlin communication
Hack the Planet ! ( or at least your Keurig 2.0 ) via
I am glad she is back !
Stay strong . It will get better . And once u take a stand you'll be amazed how
I want justice for Trayvon like anyone else , but what the fuck does he have to do with the American Music Awards ? ! AMAs
Retweet if you still support ! AND FOREVER . JUSTICE FOR TRAYVON MARTIN !
Happy employees r key 2 building a powerful tribe of raving fans . The can help your org . tribebuilding
Nice But I need something in Savannah
What a beautiful day to be alive .
Oscars : Black artists are here to stay : When , in 2002 , Denzel Washington and Halle Berry won both lead-acting ...
Quote "" Sometimes you have to step out on faith . Faith is the belief in things you cannot see . "" ~ wordstol
Yes ! and its what you learn after you think you know everything that will be the game changer !
Just because we think life isn't fair , doesn't mean life isn't good .
Who will replace Christophe Lemaire at Herms ? Let the rumors begin ...
Win a trip to Maui , consulting from and free for 1 yr . Learn more at
"" There is one thing that give radiance to everything . It is the idea of something around the corner . "" - G . K . Chesterton
Deuteronomy 11:1- 2 Therefore thou shall love the LORD thy God , and keep his charge , and his statutes , and his ...
"" I wish I could freeze this moment , right here , right now , and live in it forever . "" - Peeta Mellark
Earn Cash for Reading Email , completing Offers , play Games and More !
Click here to support Joe L Williams ' III Medical Support by LaKesha T . Williams
Retweeted bedrijfsadres . asd ( @BedrijfsAdres ): entrepreneur Barbara Corcoran's Best Business Advice ...
everyone is saying jump and it's true but why are we just doing it ?
"" He ( Trump ) needs to know what real life is like in a refugee camp . Malala ( @MalalaFund ) only on
Retweeted Period Panteez ( @PeriodPanteez ): WednesdayWisdom family love hero veteran therealdeal Let us ...
Retweeted CNN ( @CNN ): One person was killed & amp ; six others were injured in a shooting at a church in Antioch , ...
Happy National Sandwich Day ! Redeem the WinIt code CLUB by 11:59 pm CST . CLICK - - - - - - >
today was a good day in class but I had a horrible night ! ! ! :(
Work then homework sounds like a productive day to me ! !
Yayy ! ! Im a frog friend :) quizup
"" Despus de leer un libro que te apasione , tu vida nunca ser la misma "" FelizDaDelLibro
No s como pueden hacerle dao a un animalito as ...
People who hold their cell phones in their right hand are left-brain dominant , and vice-versa .
Muchos prometen estar ah siempre , pero mira a tu alrededor a ver cuntos realmente cumplen . - Bob Marley
"" Catch a riiiiiiiiiide ! "" Fuck yeah ! ! ! Better be good borderlands
After buying yourself more than just one pair of cute shoes
you gotta be the fucking meerkat tho ! Get stung but not poisoned . Keep on !
Im hungry but I dont feel like eating ... wtf is wrong with me ?
hahaha best thing ever ! ! !
She is probably laughing at my survival skills . TheLongDark
mcdonalds done does it again ! !
Oh okay ! clashofclans builder
woot csx just got an upgrade : )
ok been reshearching $ SIRO its been going down , i think it was owned by MFglobal and they sold it all , or are selling it all . will watch
ohh stephanie if you want stocks to broadcast like $ WFT you put that $ in front of it , now go look at nasdaq or street link
seems too me the bears in $ FCX wanted lower , don't seem to happening , calls and puts are almost even , getting there : )
well i did miss and upgrade on $ AGCO on the 15th heres the read target 52
well i'm waiting near a $ SLV and $ GLD broker that sell bullion . 90 above spot told me he would not sell below 25 but i need that price bears
hi jim take a look at SIRO i bought in the low 30 ' s college course teach's the stuff : )
trading SLV GLD and BWLD :P
ohh with all the utilities going nuts , a few i'm looking at $ ALE and $ OTTR OTTR has a nice mix off other businesses , and a 4.9 yield : )
my dream of planting a palm tree in the greatlakes are dashed , its freaken cold , will be checking out the new sleds at $ PII and $ ACAT soon .
Hi Lill thought i would say , what your seeing is the day traders getting out of kors , your seeing a bull sign "" )
ok big shorts just came in $ XLU $ CMS $ DTE when this start down , look out , stop trading and go fishing : )
yup seems all agree $ VSAT just blows the doors off , and a good story to boot , for the next few years or more , watching : )
that is the only thing , been looking and watching , at some point it has to stop , there doing ok
hmm just look over $ JAZZ earnings its really not that bad , interesting day on the morrow
check out GailBorgmanMcGuire Altered Book class
well I guess I should tell you my biggest winner is BWLD TSCO then SLV but timing and being aware are first : )
big candle sticks in $ CAMP low volume for now , watching option see if it takes off : )
well $ CAMP beat , and there new purchase will help earnings and sales , few days we get upgrade : P
will 2 days so 2 down 3 % then 9 % so that's 11 % and I think Monday will be down i'll know at 10:45 am : P
ok time to say $ CAMP will form some inverted hammers soon options show growing interest , a few big house's are watching : )
hmm time to sell some calls in $ USO or short crude in ways I can not speak of : P
ok Sir Payne i'll make time tonight , i still think your better off at 7PM : P
oh my just like i wasted 20 years in the army think about it : )
Look for a reverse one to 2 days , play the bottoms , flat top - - higher lows this will clear soon : )
Maybe I should do a trick , like playing the spoons or assuming Ace has Nitro - 9
Still probably the greatest Venn Diagram ever .
To be a writer , you have to be thin-skinned . To be an author , you have to be thick-skinned . That , right there , is the pro
white / male execs arent rewarded for being pro diversity , nonwhite / female executives actually get punished for it
someone asked for a screencap of this tumblr post to retweet , so :
& amp ; ( * ^ ^ * ) 2016 2016
Oh , what the hell . Rant incoming , mute for ten minutes if tired of it all .
Let's NOT wreck oceans saying we're protecting them :
we are gonna watch the whole movie this week
I am crying right now
someone take this child's phone away
Will Tebow ever play again ?
If healthy ... it probably would have been Cobb . My guess is Jordy Nelson .
Nelson's got to get OB there .
You know you 2 are tied in followers ?
should be by halftime of the sunday night game .
Former Ted T . teammate Opera singer Larry Harris performing national anthem Sun . Drafted by the Houston Oilers in 1976 .
Sports Xtra - St . Norbert basketball's in studio :
We'll see . They haven't been playing as well lately ( until tonight . ) Tod's boys are like 21-3 over in Toledo .
If Williams reports are true , and I assume they are , Marquette will be without a president , AD and head men's basketball
yikes ! glad I snuck my run in !
Thanks JR ! Mike is good people .
Goodnight , Stadler and or Waldorf
... and Carlos giveth again . You get your money's worth !
Jay Bruce extends his record by hitting his 400th career homer against the same team
Wish he were safe ... but that was terrible base-running . Shouldn't have been tagging .
I will run to the store to get some Mello Yello ...
Get some shooting practice Scotti ! Then maybe run around the track .
I think it was pointless to read them without outing the people . Encourages more to do it
They're forgetting the fact that Duke has been underachieving all year .
it's been several hours now ... And i still can't get over the idiocy of this . I love how Cleveland fans love it . I would too
Great job by and the folks at Ch . 5 with the Congressional debate tonight . Good public service lonepoliticaltweet
agreed . Too much traffic downtown
Caldwell , Sheets , Higuera , Rollie Fingers . But none of those guys had long careers
4 run lead and 3 straight lefties leading off the inning , you'd think that would be a good time for Hader to come in , but what do I know .
Born hours after game 7 . I can oniy imagine what that was like for my father
Fitting right in to the leadoff spot .
I'll take a win tomorrow and 2 out of 3 this weekend .
Still have a couple fingers on the cliff .
Valid question . However it seems just about everyone whos been brought down lately has been a multi-time offender .
gorgeous day , gonna get my glow on
kacie b is so going to be the next bachelorette
if you're happy for Ben Affleck !
Gotta love 3 day weekends lazy himymmarathon
PUT IT IN THE BOOKS ! ! ! ! METSWIN 3-2 ! ! ! ! ! WE ARE GOING TO THE NLCS ! ! ! ! ! ! LGM
Though a bit behind ... how awesome was Otis facing down Severide and the potential manhood slicer ?
So long , Farewell ... tremendous love shown to on TheTonightShow by Billy Crystal and friends ... NICE !
Not sure hyping Usher's experience with another teen voice is something to be proud of considering . VoicePremiere
This Is My Father's World , Fernando Ortega : via earthday 2014
wrote a lengthier post on my FB page but ran out of room here for all my thoughts .
OK to tweet that I love your dress - - the color ? ! And also loved ' s red dress at 6 . Reporting great , too !
... fun to see playing a cop ! The irony ! !
ugh ! Feel badly 4 the boys ! Thanks for all the play by play tweets ! !
watching ur report . Usual for outgoing Pres 2 "" hope "" what Pres Elect does ? Did 43 speak his hopes for 44 ?
LettersforGeri to GovCuomo re ExecutiveOrder fail ! And more being sent from all over NY and the Country !
TY ! Looking forward to new programs geared specifically 4 inclusion of students w / impairments .
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Amarey Butterfly Knife Trainer with Unsharpened B ... "" by AMAREY . giveaway
What big ideas or organizational lists do you run through in the shower ? I have a router be in my shower . I wash ...
My dog also loves his toys ! ! luvsomecrowd sponsored
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Aicok Toaster 2 slice , with 7 Toast Shade Settings ... "" by Aicok . giveaway
Little victories require Jif because it's so good ! ! TeamJif sponsored PeanutButterHappy
I just joined TeamSnuggle ! Join me in the Bear Den
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" U . V PROTECTION iCOVER 60 Inch Heavy-Duty water pr ... "" by iCover . giveaway
Follow for a chance to win "" Domino's Pizza Gift Card $ 20 "" giveaway
Good earphones for good music , good music for good earphones ! Let's share giveaway
Excellent Tauki Kid Bike giveaway
These snacks are great ! Love how diverse they are ! ! HorizonCrowd sponsored
Tell us a way you and your pet entertain each other and include HillsPet My dogs and I like to play fetch ! ! HillsPetCrowd sponsored
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Stainless Steel Handheld Electric Milk Frother an ... "" by Hotool . giveaway
Enter to win "" Promotional vastland Earbuds version 2 "" hosted by Giveaway is here giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Amz vision Flashlight Kit , Super Bright LED T ... "" by Amz vision . giveaway
Fun at the zoo ! ! Family activities in the Summer always make the best memories ! Snuggle Summer
I got 7 out of 10
I might win this Magnifying Makeup Mirror by makeup giveaway - 20 % Off code GY9SWFU2 giveaway
Prime Day Time Deal : 20 % Off Necklace Scarf w'coupon-RI 7FXH4I > https://t.co /8 vbqwzqgLK giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Kitchen Cutlery Set , HUIRUI International Stainle ... "" by HUIRUI . giveaway
Need a fresh twist to your grilled Check out this cilantro lime flavor ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
Today's HOT DEAL 20 % Off - - > Follow - - > Hands-Free Dog Leash giveaway
Win a Real Leather Portfolio from Didn't win ? Get 66 % off here giveaway
I just became a member of Glimmer ! Will you join me ? JoinGlimmer sweeps I won these on Glimmer ! !
SPLENDA Sweetener makes these treats perfect ! ! splendasavvies sponsored
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Amz vision Ultra Bright Tactical LED Recharge ... "" by Amz vision . giveaway
My favorite thing about festivals is all the food ! ! StateFairBzz BiteSizedBzz
Check out startup 1Q ! DL the free 1Q app & amp ; answer mkt research Qs for $ 0.50 . Rgtsr w / my link appthatpays
What Family Member Will Watch Over You From The Afterlife ?
Brother just narrowly avoided a public urination ticket
Second intermission ... No joke the line at the mens room is over five hundred people long
Off to Mohawk . Murphy Open in the morning , Irish festival tomorrow evening , liver transplant on Sunday
Week 5 : Off to pick up Drew then on the road to Syracuse
Tonight is retro Lance Thomas night . They made him out of real sugar .
20 seasons is a ridiculously long time to play in the NFL
Drop Arenado for Profar ?
I still think "" Andy "" when I hear Van Slyke .
So you cut those players on LT deals ? Why is ARod still a Yankee ? Because nobody will take him and the Yankees won't cut him .
Id still take my chances on another IP from Max than roll with the middle relief dumpster fire for an extra inning
there's a Dillo on Glenwood in Raleigh that doesn't require the trip to hapel Hill
im bout to move back out to Southfield and dedicate my life to the pros lol I gets love out there and I fuckin love it !
What happened to Manny Fresh ?
you have until July 25 to save money for the all star game !
Person dies in movie ; "" Eh . They probably desevered it . "" Puppy dies in movie : "" WHAT THE FUCK ! WHAT DID THE PUPPY DO ? ! ""
Man love when visiting fans are just idiots . But luckily Jeffrey took care of them . A whole 6 pack just wasted . flyers bestusherever
Reports out of Philly that a prayer circle has formed . Thousands of fans circle the Wells Farg , arms linked , humming D ...
Still get nervous watching game 7 OT even when its not my team .. BecauseitstheCup NHLPlayoffs
we can do something tomorrow night . I don't have work until 1:30 Saturday .
GoKingsGo tonight's the night guys ! It's got to be . NHLPlayoffs BecauseItsTheCup
Got some new luggage ! Actually starting to feel real . Ready to pack ! london actuallynotgoingtoprocrastinate
seriously love him ! The soccer episode & amp ; the musical episode could be my favorites so far . Also him doing the English accent . Awesome
How you know your bother loves you , he offers to have his mom iron his shirt for your birthday party .
I hate when people use the term "" pro life "" . It's pro choice . I want the right to decide , the FREEDOM to decide .
WARNING TO NEW HOCKEY FANS : The last person to tell a Flyers fan "" Hakuna Matata "" at a time like this has never been see ...
When did 10 minute misconducts get handed out like minors ? Seems like the common call tonight Flyers
to show your support for the families of victims and all Bostonians in the wake of this senseless attack : ...
IT'S REAL ! 2013-14 SeasonTicket $ 7 / game : Free parking , free RedRising jersey & amp ; 4 concerts !
are you off Tuesday night ?
also not my fault hot guys tend to also have accents
Tonight will consist of eating and catching up on Fresh Meat . What a wonderful evening .
The moral of BellLetsTalk day : if you think your pain is shameful and to be hidden , you're wrong . Stigma has no strength
I am going to feel like shit tomorrow . I can already tell .
Jonathan Quick has prevented more goals from being scored than the past two NHL lockouts combined .
Dear welcome to Philly . NHLDraft
No I dont get coffee cause there is a cute boy that makes it for me . That would be insane . 100happydays
. @NHLFlyers fans .. Nothing like RivalryNight to answer this ; why do you hate the Bruins ? WhyIHateTheBruins
tbt to nashville and nice weather . Yes , we are clearly related .
Being tourist for the day dayoff philadelphia independencehall
goalie interference is getting out of hand . If you are out of the crease or your own players causing the contact goals should stand .
Couldn't help myself flyers philadelphia 50thanniversary
Girls night ! Fado Irish Pub & amp ; Restaurant
That view though joinordie union phildelphia philadelphiaunion Talen Energy Stadium
congrats ! What a huge success !
WE HAVE A 3 - PEAT ! ! ! ! ! Haleigh Knapp wins her third straight IHSA 2A State Championship in the high jump . Way to go Haleigh .
to wish a very happy birthday to NCISLA star
YEAH POMS keep killin it redskinpride
Pitchers that RAKE ! GoCubsGo FlyTheW
Lady Redskins take on Plainfield North at HOME tonight . Only two more chances to see the Skins at home . Sophs at 4:00 Va
Good luck , Ryan !
Echmosle la culpa a la luna
Hoy he soado que jugaba a un juego nuevo y era la polla ! XD
Lo bueno del viernes es que sigue el sbado Paulo Coelho .
Con mi hermana hicimos todo un paquete de tequeos y nos lo intentamos acabar entre los dos ... an quedan como 10 putabida
I'm no good , you're no better .
Si no fuera por el krav , estara bien bien gordo la verdad equisde
Ya estrenamos el video musical ! Vanlo ac c :
Me molesta an buscar su nombre . Me molesta mucho .
Told this cashier , "" Hey what kind of city does nobody live in . ELECTRICITY . "" & amp ; he said he didn't get it ... maybe I've nev
Es 2005 otra vez o kh ?
Hoy es uno de esos das en los que un abrazo vendra muy bien
Pos siga queriendo : v
Qu bestia cmo literalmente escucho una vocecita en mi cabeza diciendo "" cgala , CGALA "" .
He vuelto a escribir , y es cierto lo que dicen : los escritores somos canbales .
Creo que el clima sigue con resaca .
Y si a mi hija le pongo Maria Gabriela para decirle Maga ?
Gente que tiene caca en el cerebro . Solo a esos les puede dar risa . Mueran .
OFENSIVA la premura conque PPK envi un avin cargado de ayuda por terremoto , a Chile , mientras , peruanos en Piura deb
La msica de Justin Vernon
Macron no se ha distanciado de los 4 pilares del globalismo : Inmigracin masiva , destruccin de clases medias , ideolog
Hoy debera ser viernes .
Whether he's Daddy or you actually call him Father , make sure to wish him a HappyFathersDay
the 1975 is perfect kissing music wya
Dear Your response is bullshit . It's not true . People are tired this . Be better .
So , essentially , Sundance exists to find the studios the petty humanistic directorial talent to give superhero films a hea
Help us bring more fantasy film content to life ! Support
Pick six ends it . Hokies 34-21 over OSU ! I can sleep good tonight .
Good morning , IFCADC !
omg wish i could see you ! Is it snowing bad down there ?
Just found out what gabe did on the bus while i was asleep . . smh
np All the Small Things ... Blink 182 . Good work
Lol you should be , and hope you can make it . It's gonna be beast .
your such a fag jelousy lol
i know right . Oh well . Ill deal Lol
yeah if i wasnt at kings island with haha sorry :(
Its days like these that are special , just a normal day when you dont expect anything out of the ordinary to happen . And then it hits yo ...
Your proving to me that your the exact oppisite of what i want .. Just give up
best friends think alike lol .
i said you did a good job , and that you did work lol
Heading to Brooksville with to watch some basketball ..
ill let you know tomorrow bro
ok sounds great ! :)
I couldn't agree more babe ! You mean the world to me . I love you so much too ! !
you shouldn't have asked that ..
Tbt with the new avi haha
you guys are awesome ! ! !
hahaha glad I can entertain you back in the states ! !
You won't even know I was gone ..
Anti - #GamerGate cant take a joke , claims GamerFruit as bully , harrassment , etc . Somebody call the waaaaahhbulance .
Did you expect more ?
Simple solution to CHANGETHECOVER Simply remove all women from all forms of media that way nobody can get upset over the ab
I'm agreeing with Republicans . I don't know what this feel is .
Sube una foto del EchaleChallengeContest de tu cena en Instagram y podras ganar $ 5,000 . -
Tell us what you are you loving about new Jif Bars ! TeamJif sponsored
Read my review of Prestige for Women : I tried it free ( or with a discount ) .
Works great Meet Culturelle Baby Probiotics - a new way Im supporting my little ones health . CulturelleBaby ad
if your friends don't make fun of you , they are not real friends
Happy birthday ! ! 20
Curry and pork : delicious .
If I treated others the way I treat myself I'd be a real dick
You're just jealous because I had a hookah pen and you didn't
When your at a dark party and you're trying to figure out if the cameras the right way
Does Trump not know that it is the function of the judiciary to determine the constitutionality of executive and legislativ
My dad was on a softball team called "" The Scabs "" during his residency . Disgusting ? I think so ...
I'm a hungry hungry hippo . Why do I always forget to eat lunch on Tuesdays and Thursdays ? ?
Lunch with Mema and Papa at Logans Steakhouse ! Yumm
"" Gratefulness is born of a prayerfulness that helps us notice the ' magnalia Dei ' - the marvels of God . ""
Today I have to read 250 pages of Political Science and study for a math CLEP ... Ok I couldn't think of a positive comment about that hahaha
Just ran into Chris Bennett in the Union . It was great to talk to him . Also , free hugs in the South Oval !
Yes I did use an entire box of tissues in less than two days . Ridiculous
By some miracle I made it from the lake to church in Norman on time without falling asleep . Woot ! !
You can officially add me to the list of those who cried during Toy Story 3 ... Sooo good
My car has a problem exaggerating but I might be willing to believe him today ...
I'd have to say that was a pretty nice first experience of a date party . But it's late and noooow I sleep !
My roommates have come to the conclusion that I'm always performing social experiments on them ... No idea why but the paranoia cracks me up !
"" You said there would be joy in the letting go and the giving of my life and now I see ... You're river it rushes to the lowest place ! "" = )
HBCB's , rocking out in the car , long talks and lots of laughs . Any night involving Chesh and Trav is great ...
Mumford and Sons , the Avett Brothers and Bob Dylan . Could it have been any better ? ?
Cane's with NOM NOM !
and did you know that I think you are the most encouraging person on God's lovely green and gray earth ? ? ? Love you sweet girl !
One of the missionaries sent me pictures of my little girl today . Ahhh I miss her ! ! !
A little musical creation in the kitchen !
SO excited to hear from Joe Ewen today ! If you're in Norman and looking for a church to attend this morning , come to 10 AM !
Everyone NEEDS to go download Amber Mattfield's album "" Wind and Fire "" . She goes to OCU and is AWESOME and it's FREE !
I'm studying in Carnegie lounge . Anyone care to join ? Or go get a cupcake at with me ? ?
Seeing Iron Lady with and Ash ! We are definitely the only people under 40 here ....
A classroom full of potty-training two year olds ..................
Bucket lists and summer countdowns . Fountain hopping with and Grayson !
It's 21st birthday ! ! ! She is a peace carrier , prayer warrior , and all around beautiful person . Wish her a happy birthday !
it's okay . I'm yet to find someone who didn't . Personally , I wept . Which doesn't surprise anyone .
I'm trying to win the Cane's 1LOVE competition to fund my business . So feel free to give me your tickets ! It's like a delicious Kickstarter !
I never thought the day would come that I would have homework that no one in my family would be able to help me with . finance
"" If we're going to err , let's err on the side of belief . ""
(8 ) MILLION sports cards BASEBALL , FOOTBALL , BASKETBALL , HOCKEY includes complete sets both NEW & amp ; VINTAGE ! Also collectible supplies stocked
Professional shirts , hats & amp ; figurines also ! Come in to get FANTASTIC GREAT AMAZING deals here ! Thank you , Ronald Aderhold , owner / operator
Professional shirts , hats & amp ; figurines also here ! Come in to get AMAZING GREAT FANTASTIC deals ! Thank you , Ronald Aderhold , owner / operator
HALF PRICE SALES all JUNE !
Professional shirts , hats & amp ; figurines here also ! Come in to get AMAZING GREAT FANTASTIC deals ! Thank you , Ronald Aderhold , owner / operator
OPEN ( 7 ) DAYS 9AM - 9PM Montour Baseball Cards , 1108 Broad Street , Montoursville , PA 17754 since 1986 phone (570)368-1660 cell (570)916-5619
see you ALL soon !
(8 ) MILLION sports cards BASEBALL , FOOTBALL , BASKETBALL , HOCKEY includes complete sets both NEW & amp ; VINTAGE ! Also collectible supplies stocked
(8 ) MILLION sports cards BASEBALL , FOOTBALL , BASKETBALL , HOCKEY includes complete sets both NEW & amp ; VINTAGE ! Also collectible supplies stocked
OPEN ( 7 ) DAYS 9AM - 9PM Montour Baseball Cards , 1108 Broad Street , Montoursville , PA 17754 since 1986 . (8 ) MILLION ...
OPEN ( 7 ) DAYS 9AM - 9PM Montour Baseball Cards , 1108 Broad Street , Montoursville , PA 17754 since 1986 . (8 ) MILLION sp
you should come back to Ireland I had no idea you played at workman's before
So now every time Im at a company meeting & amp ; they say "" there's time for Q & amp ; A "" I expect "" Q & amp ; aaaa , the Q & amp ; Aaaa , Q & amp ; AAAA
I struggle with forward motion .
There 8 goes up n d sky der 8 goes beyond d clouds 4 no reason y i cant cry hard enuf . :'(
Dear Glee , I'm pretty sure cheerleaders don't wear their uniforms 24/7 . Sincerely , an actual high school student .
h0pe to get a tweet fr0m u .. im a big big fan fr0m philippines
"" Work Hard , Stay Humble "" That is Jessica Sanchez ! That's why we love her ! ;)
c0ngratz u made it to the t0p 5 ..
Pls RT . Madlang people Kapamilya , Kapuso , Kapatid . Sanib pwersa tayo TeamJessicaSanchez ! One heart , One Family ! ...
is my addicti 0n jaytofinale
i heard fr0m the news early this m0rning that ur g0ing with jlo's concert here in philippines . awww so excited 4 that
cute ng batang e2 . kids d0nt lie kaya dapat tlga sna c jay na2lo pro ok lng happy ndin aq para ky phillip ms kelangan nya un
if you're gonna watch Jessica Sanchez sing the National Anthem tomorrow :)
unfollowed me ( checked by [autotweet]
inggit lng mga fans nya sa kasikatan ni jay ngaun JessicaSanchezOnGlee
your always welc 0me fellow blujay :) tga san ka ?
thank you so much and for defending our baby girl :)
np :) blujays love each other .
and my 2000th tweet goes out to my ultimate idol ily so much baby girl . i'll be a blujay 4ever * cyberhug *
. , - ? ! ' @: lolol trying to get your attenti 0n
Happy 98th Anniversary mga iglesianicristo katwitz
at ' nung nag i love you ako dun sa umpisa , may kilig si Inday ' dun .. Dun pa lang super happy na ako lol ..
And I love blujays :-) .
tagal ntp 0s ng lindol
done and ty for d follow <3
Today stats : One new follower via
Today stats : No new followers , One unfollower via
Thomas A . Edison : "" I have not failed . I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work . ""
FreebieQueen Update : Amazon : Free The Apothecary's Daughter Kindle Book : Empowering ... swee ...
New blog on MTurk , looking forward to reading more
Work around for problems with GMX mail
Free Full-Size International Delight Coffee Creamer : Vocalpoint is offering a free full-size pint of Internatio ... ht ...
Save $ 1.50 on Lysol Wipes via
Updated blog : FusionCash - 3rd payment received !
I just joined Team National Bucks in the SB Fall Classic on Swagbucks SBFallClassic .
Updated blog - added new PTCBox to traffic and referral resources page
I am addicted to Found it on MTurk & I can't stop using it . Now they know just how much I order pet food , kitty litter & coffee !
New blog post : GiftHulk - Initial Impression and Review
You're welcome , hope you enjoy it . I'm hardly Yoda , though ! haha
Don't miss today's haircare freebie from
Freebie Carbonell Olive Oil : Request a free sample of Carbonell Extra Virgin Olive Oil . You should receive you ...
Holy moly been on vacation , came back to a ton of PayPal notices ... you gotta love GPT sites . At least I do :)
New Vilebrequin Contest Win $ 3,000 Shopping Spree
Wow that is impressive . I'm hoping my husband has the same experience in terms of blood sugar . He's not diabetic but it is high
At my Bubblews blog : "" I had read before how different it is , when the second parent passes . "" bereavement grief
From My Netflix Queue : The Fifth Estate via personapaper
UK - New Fitness App Sweatcoin Rewards You For Getting In Shape
Don't worry about passwords ever again with LastPass . Free month of premium , earn a free month for each referral
The Verve "" Bitter Sweet Symphony ""
Virtual Makeover . Perfect 365 me #virutalmakeover #perfect365app
Watching a rerun of my boos prancingelites them !
Wow ! I just won this for free , Costume gold wing necklace listia
Thot - thot - thot-licuious lol ... New Love & amp ; Hip Hop tonight ! vh1
Ivan's Prayer for Justice - Sign the Petition ! via
AstraZeneca and Vertex : Help save my 37 year old wifes life ! via
I use this product after washing my hair , leaving my hair nice and curly . WhereCareHappens sponsored
a closed mouth don't get fed , learned that shit the hard way .
M . H . !
Nawl dere you go fibbing
"" @Its_North_West : Amber Rose and Khloe Kardashian fight LMFAO
Yall Be Talking About Relationship Goals But Can't Stop Fw Ppls Minds , Hearts , & amp ; Wasting Their Time
this lil boy here "" bankroll bankroll ""
I done got so bored
She got me ready to find a way to skyfarm
and everytime i think bout staying with her , she bring her friend around and make a nigga reconsiderrrr .
I can't already stand this hot weather
Hothothot day + rain = boo .
"" Andrew says : god your fucking mean . I mean your great ... but your cons ... deffiently outway your pros .. "" HAHAHAH
So sit across the table , feed me some lies .
crystal like / benefiber pongzzzZzZZz .... + in a pickle .
you money making machines .
I wish Oreo Cakesters weren't so good :(
strawberry shortcake rolls and Portugal the man ; oh haaaaii
watching broken flowers , consuming coffee , and wasting my day .
thought I saw Kate gosselin at work today . except it was just a fat lady , with the lesbian backwards mullet .
the dude on ' man , woman , wild ' keeps saying "" baby "" over and over like he's in an awkward porn video . STOP IT . and don't kill the turtle .
ff wouldn't fit in last tweet , but i guess I can pretend I did it on purpose so it looked more important .
the fuck is going on tonight ? STOPPP DOING THIS TO ME canucks
back to hating everything possible . at once . all day .
i like to pretend Sundays do not exist , i also have left overs from yesterday ha .
A typical Virgo woman is very choosy about her wants and needs while her demand for exquisite food is legendary . "" HAHAH
this is the first time in over 2 months , i've had almost 2 hours to myself . it's . so . nice .
Knock Knock . Who's there ? The Department of Child Services . We're here to take your children .
fuck outta here wit those marilyn monroe quotes .
I've drank two red bulls . Made 12 hard boiled eggs . And said hi to all my cats . I'm living my life to the fullest . oh ok
This isn't even close to half of them . maybeyoujusttouchedyourpenis donotwant longhashtags
Being out in public while wearing a scarf automatically makes me feel like a douche . So I must drink .
New drinking game ; every time you hear the word "" groin . "" You're guaranteed to be shit-faced in the first 20 minutes .
"" If you ever feel dumb . Remember sometimes sloths grab their own arms thinking they're tree branches then fall to their deaths . ""
I thought I was fully prepared for the "" wow . It feels so much later than it is "" comments . I was wrong .
I just witnessed a very large man use an entire neon green t-shirt as a tissue . florida
Yes , I still have my tonsils . - Share your opinion -
Sharing is caring . Jam to my top station from September :
15 Must-Follow Comedic Film Actors on Twitter -
One of best posts , IMO
Social CRM in the Real-Time Stream "" Bantam "" ( )
If you could give someone ONE amazing internet marketing tip ...
"" 20 Creative Web Forms For Design Inspiration "" ( )
"" It's SO over : cool cyberkids abandon social networking sites | The Guardian "" ( )
You disappeared for a while and now your pic and bckgrd are gone ... Twitter glitch ?
"" Facebookers , Twitterers more prone to attack by burglars "" ( )
"" Best of Best WordPress 404 Error Page Designs "" ( )
13 Networking Mistakes To Avoid :
Thanks for the and also found through you - pretty cool if it takes off !
Twitter Data Analysis : An Investors Perspective ( TechCrunch )
20 Handy Photoshop Tips For a Faster Workflow :
Make A Twitter List And Check It Twice :
Social Media is not free ! Running a contest on Facebook could cost you .
Those facebook tips were great , weren't they ? Thanks for the RT !
NYS same-sex marriage bill defeated . Maybe NY should try this instead ... http://bit.ly / 7uFjtL ( via
12 Lessons from Successful Social Media Journeys : ( Via
I must be missing something - - I still don't know what you mean ! Sorry !
Google Logo Turns into Animated Particles ( via - > it's so much fun to play with !
SEO Should Be Called Integrated Digital Marketing :
I'm sorry - I should've stopped to say hi ! Coffee on Saturday in Canandaigua ?
Wondering if Dude knows "" Imma Be "" CNX 14
that's my guess ! Probably should've done some more bandwidth testing .
It's PRIME TIME ! ViggleFootball
none of VN can check into TWD , will manual checkin get credit ?
Finishing up your night with
Join ViggleNation for PRIME TIME !
Enter to win a FREE 65 "" Smart 3D TV from 247Sports !
Are you ready for football with
See how On The Kattwalk keeps her locks long and luscious ! glamcrowd
Get your bottle of fast acting Advil for free with mail-in rebate now ! FastRelief fastadvilfanatics sponsored
I just won 9 Swag Bucks by searching the web at
Time to kickoff Primetime with
Big hour , teamVN !
this game is showing in the afternoon on some guides some guides not at all . Can someone look into it ?
Don't miss this hour vamily !
Here's to hoping for a more open minded world !
I am unable to check into any recorded shows . Is there an issue ? I keep getting try again . TIA
Are you ready for some College Football ? ? vs vs
What are you watching next , ViggleNation ? ProudPinkNation
Don't miss 10X bonus STREAK check-in ! ThankfulNation
Join VN for and more !
Viggling on with DDD ViggleNation Vamily PerkVamily ViggleWhileYouPerk
What are you watching next , vam ? Live PerkVamily
Vaptio S150 ATC - The only device to directly control the vapor temperature
Because of the Today Show data issue , Thor : Dark World 3p ET is a 4x Bonus Show ! Thanks for your patience & amp ; let's earn
taking them to my brothers for Christmas Day DDJoy
SparklyPets-Hands-Free Leash for Medium and Large Dogs Professional Harness Ad
. @SenatorRounds Your silence says it all . Oppose Trumps anti-American MuslimBan EVERYONE sign on - NoMuslimBan >
If a story has been made up by the media , how can it also be a leak from the White House ?
Can't wait to watch you on SportsCenter ! DC misses you ! Congrats .
That 80 looks like a pro-bowler to me . CRUZ CONTROL ! Giants
I don't need to pay twice as much to have Fred Flintstone on my Fruity Pebbles box
You mean it's possible to get in field goal range in 31 seconds ? Hmmm someone let the Broncos know . NFL
Stras , Gio , Zimmermann & amp ; Fister is a sweeeet rotation no matter who the 5th starter is . Going to miss Lombo though ! MLB Nationals
Are we sure that the Blackhawks are really black ? ?
I'm so sad to lose a friend and mentor : Jim Vance , Washingtons longest-serving local news anchor , is dead at 75
I didn't play Borderlands 2 so I just now found out that Tiny Tina is a big fan of Floating BunnyHead .
Uncanny catch up , diggin ' the style Forge ! Before Storm ; before he got his grove back . UXM 184
Build it and they will come . lego
I reached a new TrueAchievement Milestone : 60,000 GamerScore -
I won 9 achievements in 2 games for 189 TrueAchievement pts -
THN 160 ! Sorry for the delay , friends ! We home this special look at Free Comic Book Day makes up for it ...
Happy New Comic Book Wednesday !
seriously ! The 3 woman I was batting around were She-Hulk , best Marvel series I'm reading , Wonder Woman , and Psylocke .
a bunny ? I think I would of been in tears . Still bummed .
only event that I'm reading that's worth anything is B . P . R . D . : Hell On Earth . ramifications BPRD
I won 2 achievements in LEGO Batman 3 : Beyond Gotham for 51 TrueAchievement pts -
sorry , I didn't "" read "" Axis . Only the first 2 issues . Couldn't stomach anymore . Did flip through the last issue . It looked ...
They said it couldn't ( and shouldn't ) be done ! Presenting the TWO-HUNDREDTH EPISODE of THN !
Feeling like this after the dinner I just had . Thanx again & amp ; for the
she wanted to come over , guess my other places WERE dumps . :(
no side boob any more just dong .
Catching up on Justified ; started by rewatching w / season 1 . staycation
Kitty Pryde , X-Men . SLCC 15 SketchRetweetContest . Rules & amp ; info :
I won 4 achievements in Beyond Eyes for 438 TrueAchievement pts -
it's all It's reading my mind though !
Pathgrinders 3 Die Deep Episode 5 : Ratballs Jam - Douglas And Dragons : An Actual Play Pathfinder /
I got a salad bar up in here ! mysummerjob Hy-Vee
Awesome . lego afol ghostbusters
NowPlaying Blackbird - Remastered by The Beatles
Ragnark 12 cover inks . Pen , India ink , Pro White , Presto correction pen . 10 x 15 . 2016 .
Episode 209 : Stellaris , Beat Cop , House of the Dying Sun , Mass Effect : Andromeda & amp ; MORE !
A lil ' over the 13min mark during recording my brain was yelling "" Like Venom ? Like the symbiote ? ""
Beta Ray Bill , a portrait . 11 x 17 . Brush / India ink . 2017 . One of a handful of BRB drawings done for the IDW dinner at
"" Probable Clause "" . And Santa has to talk like the guy from Dragnet . Instant hit .
How do you say "" I don't care "" in every language ?
"" Hang on . Cuz if we wreck .... we're gonna wreck hard . ""
- congrats on the BO elbow bump ! If I got a bump from you I'd pass out , but then I'd break my banjo . High five instead ?
this photo seems pretty accurate , no ? ourcatsawhore
A special mommas-to-be day with a very special friend bellybuddies
Happy baby = happy momma MillieJean
Read an article today about some peoples ' interpretation of H . Clinton's campaign logo ..... I think it looks like a blue H with a red arrow .
Found a penny on my way out of work ..... so ..... the week ended well . ( Though , I still have to drive
At best , I got MAYBE two full minutes of my usual chunky spunky Chicken today ... blarg ... ... here's
Less than 24 hours left of 2015 ... Thank God .
I was offline for the Jewish holiday of Shavuot , but glad to see Twitter had a thoughtful , reasoned discussion about Or
No ornaments ? No money / time / desire to leave the house ? No problem ! All you need is paper ,
FSUWins Let's Go ' Noles
Staying ahead of the game GetMotivated
I love being the target of envy , it means I am winning . success
Ready for the next challenge . Open GiveMeAllYouGot
This is simply sexy . I like it a lot
If this guy contacts you to shoot , please say no ! ! This is what he did to a dear friend . Stay away from him !
once I get use to not talkin to ya nomo .. issa wrap
wait peppa pig on tour
Tell the Pastor "" Take your time ""
How to apologise like a real man 101
Megan sit your ass down and play with some chapstick .
The way she looks at him . Love is so dope
QUIT BUYING $ 1500 DOGS FROM PET STORES WHEN THERE ARE $ 60 DOGS IN SHELTERS THAT NEED HOMES AND ARE BEING MISTREATED
Photo : / [pixiv] pixitail
Photoset : snkgifs : The 104th Armin Protection Squad
Anime episode updated : Free ! : Eternal Summer 8 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : Momo Kyun Sword 8 ( ) MalUpdater
Photoset : "" After the bombing at Roppongi the other day , there were vans from the Nuclear , Biological , and ...
Photoset : suikkart : 1st years doing some purikura ! ! this turned out completely different than i originally ...
Anime episode updated : Akame ga Kill ! 12 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : Fate / stay night : Unlimited Blade Works ( TV ) - Prologue 1 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : Tribe Cool Crew 2 ( ) MalUpdater
Photoset : innocentkidd : just a bunch of koyomi araragi expression - part 2
Anime added to my list : Yuuki Yuuna wa Yuusha de Aru ( ) MalUpdater
Photoset : awakeforyears : atane : This is happening raise your hand if you called this opportunistic racist ...
Anime episode updated : Ai Tenchi Muyo ! 20 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : Gundam Build Fighters Try 7 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : Gundam Build Fighters Try 15 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : Binan Koukou Chikyuu Bouei-bu LOVE ! 10 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : Aldnoah . Zero 2nd Season 11 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : Naruto : Shippuuden 405 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : Baby Steps 2nd Season 2 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : JoJo's Bizarre Adventure : Stardust Crusaders 2nd Season 16 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : Ghost in the Shell : Arise - Alternative Architecture 6 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru . Zoku 8 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka 11 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime dropped : Kuusen Madoushi Kouhosei no Kyoukan ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : To LOVE-Ru Darkness 2nd 14 ( ) MalUpdater
Anime episode updated : Durarara ! ! x2 Ten 7 ( ) MalUpdater
Even through CEO have bigger smash attendees and maybe a bigger prize pool than WTFox .
Coffee and donuts are on me when I'm Lucktastic's first millionaire !
Come join me for a Heist !
Omg I won my first set .
- your dad passed on your message . So glad it made your day better . We missed you to at the wedding . Hope to see u soon
Wow DWTS is going to be great this season ! So many great performers ! Love !
"" I may not have gone where I intended to go , but I think I have ended up where I needed to be . "" Douglas Adams
Get Paid For Your Opinion
. @Terry_BullsFan on Periscope : ThankYouScope MenOfMeaning MOM
. @Terry_BullsFan on Periscope : GMGB Women who inspire me .
. @the_gypsyrose on Periscope : Hi ! ! !
I just passed Dre in 8 Ball Pool !
What are your 3 sides ? Find out !
How old does your hairstyle make you ?
Hardest Try Not To Laugh OR Grin | KING BO 99 % U LOSE FAM
EMPIRE TONIGHT YALL WOO HOOO CANT WAIT
Oh they goin in ..... !
True Story ...... Especially with Madden .
Join me on Listia with invite code "" DLJQJG "" and receive a special bonus gift !
Work easy not hard ..... !
Mystic Conceal and Carry .....
Michael Phelps is coming out of retirement to join the Dodgers pool party
Hanley Ramirez says he'll play Friday Dodgers [ESPN]
If Buss family ever sells Lakers , Magic Johnson & amp ; fellow Dodgers owners would be interested : ( via
There are a lot of fans that would love to watch it me included I can already watch on I want to watch the other shows
C'mon whiff em up ! ! !
TMZ reporting the Sterling audio has been authenticated by NBA lawyers .
Dorin Lightsabers . Artist John Raya re-imagined the Chargers helmet in the Star Wars Universe . HappyStarWarsDay
My wife ALWAYS drives when we travel by car . I have realized along time ago that it's not worth it . HAPPYWIFEHAPPYLIFE
"" Thank you , Fleet Week here in New York City , or as girls in bars call it , mating season ... "" htt
According to Bleacher Report and Baseball America , the Los Angeles Dodgers will select RHP Spencer Adams from ...
Would surprise me They are Douchebags
Kershaw These are headed to Cooperstown
Way to go Dee on making the 2014 All Star Game ! ! ! ! !
I assume Scott Van Slyke is starting because it's Joe Kelly . I mean , he did win the standoff last year in the playoffs .
California's Kevin Harvick wins pole for ... DaleEarnhardtJr IndianapolisMotorSpeedway JimmieJohns
Nice stall tactics fans . They are literarily pounding sand
The condom company Durex reports that condom sales are 20-30 % higher around Valentines Day .
Van Halen - Panama ( Music Video )
. @Dodgers opening day ! New security procedures to expect - on TodayinLA
River Cats Down Dodgers , 7-2 , in 12 innings GODODGERS
Glad to see that this is being taught in schools nowadays . Something tells me it isn't
If the Braves aren't going to keep Gonzales why don't they make a trade with for KAPLER ManBitesDog
What I find mind blowing is when the owner doesn't like the terms of the deal considering THEY contacted you TheProfitCNBC
What an awesome performance ! ! ! It fitting since Jackson was the one that started to right the song Take It Easy
If you ever needhelp with your BeatTheStreak picks I'm available MLBCentral
Well you have to give credit . He WAS there 2 games in a row . What do you expect ? ? LOLJK I HEAR YOU
Boss ? ! ! Hummmm I always thought his name was Ross
They will miss Jim because is a hell of a human being . I'm glade he will be wearing blue If if it
Alright .. , . fine ! I know why I was feeling emo last night . My body was planning my 1st gray hair right in the middle of the top of my head
"" it's late .... but not too late ""
totally missed that the first time ! I guess I should have watched closer .
' they wouldnt be called crushes if they didnt hurt ' - why does that quote have to be so true ?
Yummy lunch ! I can't seem to try something other than the 6 jimmyjohns
Creative Music Video Shows The Dramatic Effects Of Photoshop
Oh ya know , getting the perfect selfie with The Pole after a fantastic show !
I have more energy at 3am than i do throughout the entire day
wish i was asleep like i was three hours agooo
"" The dress is blue and gold "" "" The dress is gold and white "" "" The dress is black and blue ""
thanks baby I miss you gorgeous
We go from to and by the end of the day we bounce right back to
need to get my life together
shut up bitch and I knew you had it I was playing ain't it on your side or sumn
as a girlfriend i'm never going to be okay with you being around girls that like you or liked you . idc if you don't like
I miss you back baby
People will hate on you for no reason ..
that awkward moment when you think you're important to someone , and you're not
I just wanna sleep forever
I feel you john did 3 of mines and they're real good
Eye contact is how stars cross .
that's what I'm here for
seriously just wanna go home and sleep
my dog barks at rocks
Soldiers aren't the only brave ones , the ones that are left behind have to be brave too !
friend : "" hey do you wanna go out "" me :
THIS JUST IN : Warriors ' Andrew Bogut is ruled out for the remainder of the NBA Finals . ( via
If you're not failing now and again , it's a sign you're playing it too safe . - Woody Allen
- _____ - okay ten
Don't wanna go to work !
Never putting paint on a face ever again .
Smooth criminal on the guitar ... hmmmm
I cut my finger ! ! ! !
Sometimes you have to do what's best for you and your life , not what's best for everybody else .
Hmmm I think I am .
This is why I stick to movies .
Retweet if you want to do a color run
I hope I don't have to go in today ..
Just want an answer and that's it .
I'm sorry I can't be perfect ! ! !
Oh my , she's crazy .
And the story goes ...
I wish my life was stress free
Please do not mess up my test result
Need to start taking care of myself
Oh great I'm going crazy
The weather is perfect rn .
I'm so excited to announce The Mod Dog collars will soon be available at the Beehive in Atlanta . Their grand ...
I will slowly be adding Christmas / winter collars in the next week or so ...
I am a member of Etsy for Animals , checkout them out ! Website : Blog : ...
I'm getting lazy ... here are all my newer ribbons . Please e-mail me at kyra @themoddog . com if you are interested in ...
1.5 "" dog collar Chicago buckle or martingale collar
1 "" dog collar The Patchwork Girl buckle or martingale collar
Ahhhhh ! ! ! So excited to announce is live ! No longer will it be redirected to my
In Honor of our 2016 World Series Champions , The Mod ...
Cold in that bathroom huh ?
i despise getting my hair cut
It's too early to be conscious
this city ain't safe at sundown
im out of books again
I don't want to unpack or repack my life summed up in 7 words
me : * vomits and kills you *
Child star , top recording artist , and now presidential candidate ! Is there anything that Hilary can't do ? Hilary 2016
Do you ever look in the mirror and think ..... what wattage is my microwave ? ! :)
i just want to be touched really hard like by a car hit me with a car
Les Miserables ( 2012 )
THE SEVEN THINGS I HATE ABOUT YOU , YOU'RE VAIN YOUR GAMES YOU'RE INSECURE YOU LOVE ME YOU LIKE HER
REDEMPTION BABY . That is all . Good night
Beyond thrilled 2 share my holiday single "" All I Want For Christmas Is You But Just The Alto 2 Part From When My High School Ch
Then why did y'all break up the band
I always knew there was a reason I hated him
done reading , put in a response to a post for class and watching more bball
Signaling with Sanctions : Why Netanyahu is wrong about Iran nuclear deal
Senate confirms Sen . Max Baucus as the next US ambassador to China with 96-0 vote -
Interesting paper on role of free trade agreements in shoring up otherwise unstable democracies . h /
The insane narrative you are supposed to believe about the TortureReport via
Now you know FTAs in trouble ICYMI : the traditional political economy of trade negotiations has ended
And for Nairobi overall , I think it is the fight over killing Doha ; developing countries making big mistake trying to keep alive
new president Masood Ahmed will bring intellectual heft and fresh ideas to CGD , writes
This is the opposite of making Mexico pay for the wall . This is money paid by US consumers to pay for the wall .
And while they said it , most didn't do much to ensure optimal compensation actually happened
Why ask my opinion of something if you know you're going to get it already ? It just wastes my time .
I just want some good food , a warm bed with someone to cuddle with , and a bunch of movies and Netflix to watch all night .
I feel like this shiner is a sign of what this year will be like
How well does George R . R . Martin know his GoT books ? Watch Seth & amp ; Amy Poehler quiz him ! LNSM ht
Breaking Bad has 62 episodes . The 62nd element on the periodic table is Samarium , which is used to treat lung cancer .
I wish I had somebody I could just randomly call whenever and spend countless hours on the phone with even if I saw them that day .
In their heads , Virgos can be too busy weighing all of the options ; trying to act they way they think they should , not ho
Virgo is the sign of Honesty & amp ; Communication . Be real with them always or don't fuck with them .
Virgo enjoys the deep things that give their life meaning and substance .
Virgo is a loyal friend but screw them over and you'll see evil .
When you working out and your song comes on
Only with the Samsung Galaxy S5
Today is a day of getting things done
I plan on leaving with like 5 plates
When someone text u "" Wya ? "" & amp ; u tryna figure out if u home or not .
How do you tell your homie they look like a bum AtlantaVerificationQuestions
gotta get those extra benefits
To the girl from the South Side who took on a role she didn't ask for and made it her own : Happy Birthday , Michelle . I love you .
The Savannah state softball team are full of baddies
The stages of Slide : this song is weird ion like it this song is pretty decent EMPTY MY BANK ACCOUNT
Finally starting to feel like a person again
I was shook when I first saw this ! !
SOULS ARE BEING SAVED ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! AND THE ANGELS ARE CELEBRATING ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
You lost me at sweet tea ...
Complete introvert . Being around people makes me sleepy lol
"" Where do you go to school ? "" "" Radford University "" "" Where is that at ? "" "" You know where Virginia Tech is ? "" "" Yeah "" "" 25
going to a walmart not in your city and the store is flipped around
Les Twins came out stroooonnnggg WorldOfDance
FB : D'Vonn Gibbons throws to Monroe Thornton III for a touchdown during the scrimmage at Theodore A . Wright Stadium . C
When you got your freshest outfit on and yo crush don't even come to school
Life is too short for this . You put the whole thing in your mouth then do that open chewing thing while exhaling the flames
Girl ... if you're this lost in biology you need to come to class
Something like that would be cool
My thumb hurts looking at this
As a college student you are either struggling academically , financially , or spiritually . Sometimes all 3 . Prayer c
"" How do u deal with your problems ? ""
e . g . = "" Exempli Gratia "" - for example i . e . = "" Id Est "" - in other words I know on Twitter we just make up facts to soun
lol the best thing to ever exist .
EVERYONE GO TWEET TO TO HAVE HOST THIS SEASON
I would enter the contest thing but I want HIM not his merchandise . lol
I was wrong about ThisIsUs LOL parts of it take place in the 70 ' s .
This is in my head and I have no idea why . NowPlaying Let Me Clear My Throat - Live by DJ Kool
Saw V is on now .
I love him . Bye . lol
He's so cute when he eats . bahahah
Man these people are brutal . lmao RobLoweRoast
FYI , I loved Panic At The Disco before I found out Brendon was bff with Dillon .
He's so flippin cute .
How I picture my food looking after someone asks me to share .
Got a call today and answered but they hung up . You can guess where it was from . Boy let me love you .
sometimes * evil laugh *
Grr I thought this was new .
y'all have got to be kidding
Teared up at this one ... A Place For My Head by Linkin Park NowPlaying
It's all about tables bruh
Watching Cujo and my cat is acting crazy in the hallway . lol
Y am I watching kids next door ? ? ? I hate this cartoon ...
So ... unless sumone wantz 2 cum hang out wit me ... I'm gonna take a nap ...
omg yes ! ! ! They were awesum ! ! ! Lol thanx 4 giving me sum ! ! ! :-P
awwww I 4got that was 2day ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :(
Fergie singing sweet child of mine = EPIC FAIL ...
I hate the guy who sitz behind me in math .. he stares at me from the second I walk in the class until I sit dwn ... fuckin freak ...
O ... m ... g ... rinsing the color outta my hair was a disaster ... lmao
Finally the hotel in Chandler Az ! ! ! ! Can't wait 4 everyone 2 fall asleep so I can sneak out n have a smoke ... ahhh ! ! ! !
as long as I can beat them ... I think ill b fine ... lol
Guiness onion ringz ... fried mushroomz ... YUM ! ! ! ! ! ! I brew ! ! ! ! ! ( @ The Brew )
Just had a weird conversation ... wit a weird dude ... who called from my momz phone ... lol
From now on ... my meals will consist of water ... fat cows like me don't fit in2 n-e thing that lookz good ... ugh fuckclothesshopping
I quit smoking . now I'm just suicidal , hostile , agitated , n can't sleep . thanx CHANTIX ! ! Y do ppl take pills wit so many horrible side effectz
lol I'm not drunk ... yet haha ... I'm waitin 4 my mom 2 get home so I can go drink my auntz :-P n u ? ?
Got all the addresses fer the trip 2morrow ... soooooo x-cited ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! :-D
Hairy Thap eh ? ? ? Who wantz sum ? ?
where do u guys get your PX Devices ? ?
I check behind the shower curtain for murderers when i go into the bathroom
Got our seatz ... got my beer ... got a shirt ... im ready :-D ( @ Hollywood Bowl w / 170 others )
I never said that ! ! ! ! Lol n hez one of our friendz u ass
I'm listeningtoloveline in El Pisshole ( aka El Paso ) Tx ! ! ! Woot woot ! ! If you're not listeningtoloveline .. YOU ARE MENTAL ! ! !
Great ... I missed class ... wtf ? ? ? ? ? My alarm didn't go off this morning ! ! ! ! ! ! :(
Justin hits 14 million followers ? What ? Why is he hitting people ? Who does he think he is , Chris Brown ?
Had 2 chug a XX kuz everyone was leaving ... now I AM drunk ... lol
If I'm jumping 2 the right conclusions ... thingz might be getting amazing around here ! ! ! ! ! Hopefully I can have my big brother back ! ! !
Forgiveness is for the weak of heart .
I was forced to come to a party ... it's pretty fun haha ! Mariachi Loco ! !
I RT-ed ! I'd like some safety in rubber form ! ;-P
YAY ! ! ! ! I'D LOVE TO WIN YOUR POLISH COLLECTION ! ! ! !
Someone send a for Mishka CCTV
HappyHeroDays ! 12 prizes , 12 days . DAY 12 : Genji Statue . to enter to win the sweepstakes !
Hey everyone , how was your vacation ? And for those who attended Journee Champetre , How was it ?
it has always been . Will be linking u with a 5 year old ad showing hope in the face of misery
Sesobel chocolate , a nice n delicious gift that also helps challenged people in Lebanon
It's Christmas not Xmas or X-mas please
Good evening . Watch us tonight on The Doctors on MTV Lebanon at 9:30 . Watch it and share your feedback with us
Lama Kabbani supporting SESOBEL | Sesobel NGO
Good morning friends . Back to work after a long weekend . It's great to get back and see our children
This week has passed so fast , we can't wait for next week to spend more time with our children !
Have a good Monday !
how about you vote for us for best NGO on twitter ?
The ceremony started with the presenter Majid Bou Hadir SesobelDoubleDate
I liked a video Sesobel
Hahahahahahah me and Stephen are watching that right now with some people crazy
Why can I not stop eating
What do you call an insect who's a player ? ? ! ? An asshopper ! ! IllBeHereAllNight IAcceptTips
Guess who has a job
I was wondering the same thing
I could use a shot or two .... Or ten . Same thing
Is this really a Halloween costume ? Disgusting . Appalling . Pathetic . Don't turn a mental illness into fashion . Wtf .
Who is going to be your first thought in 2015 ?
Looking at my bank account like
Too good ! ! Wow ! ! 2001 Electric Blue Ford Escort ! !
SOMEONE HELP A GIRL OUT
Pretending to like awful presents
Just had my first hot pocket and boy have I been missing out on life
Astrophile ( n . ) a person who loves stars
BROUWER YOU WIZARD I LOVE YOU
\ _ ( ) _ /
but what if 2017 is even worse than 2016
Working night shift tonight fucking raging
asshole to the world but sweetheart to his girl
how did Jesse McCartney convince all preteen girls that boys care about their souls and respect them he literally lied to all
idk about u but half of my snapchat friends are random people that I met at the bar or at a party and I haven't talked to them since
good morning to the brave little toaster only
me after going to a 1 hour lecture and playing on my phone the whole time
My body simply refuses to let me sleep past 8: 30 . Fucker .
Just when you think you're doing okay , 15 years of missing her comes back and kicks you in the ass .
One man's trash is another man's treasure , esp . if you're broke , it's free , and it doesn't suck .
I want to live in Effington . I want to die there , too . Please bury me in Effington . In Effington . In Effington ...
Rightist is thinkink : "" What kind of a patriot mother feeds her child breast milk ! It's indecent ! ""
Uh , who couldn't get a reference to Splinter ? These people should hang their heads in shame .
The babysitter did my dishes . I want to keep her .
Complete simple , fun surveys and earn points that can be converted into cash or gift cards . Join MintVine !
King Douchenozzle seems awful sedate tonight .... so far . Debates 2016 debates debatenight clearlybiased
Last time we could see Russia from our house . Now they're in our email . . debate debatenight
LOL Kurt / Blaine chemistry PeoplesChoice
anderson-hummel or hummel-anderson ? ? what i would give for a sweet silly scene of them discussing it kurt / blaine chemi
So after my speech continue voting everywhere It's true though I love u guys kurt / blaine chemi
Fanfic Readers , 200 FBvotes before starting a new chapter ! :) Kurt / Blaine chemistry PeoplesChoice
We've got tonight .. Kurt / Blaine chemistry PeoplesChoice
happy b-day to me Kurt / Blaine chemistry PeoplesChoice
Kurt / Blaine chemistry PeoplesChoice but I have to wake up at 6 AM T_T
Darren tweeting about Klaine and how special it would be if they won we really really need to win this Kurt / Blaine chem
Kurt / Blaine chemistry PeoplesChoice x )
DO U WANNA LOSE ? NO THEN VOTE ON FB THE APP AND SITE NOW ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Kurt / blaine chemistry PeoplesChoice
for The Hunger Games FAV for Beautiful Creatures
u might be interested in the results of this Glee poll :
here's your daily reminder that i would rather sacrificially rip out my eyes than witness any kind of Blaine / Dave relationship whatsoever .
can we get some real tweets from you or are you just gonna be a promo-bot from now on ... ?
Klaine wouldn't go to a dance with anyone but each other . thats a stupid question , bout as stupid as another break up StopIt
It's Walking Dead Day ! ! ! !
What . Happened . To . Carol ? ! TheWalkingDead
its not rude ? All everyone is talking about brittana and its annoying ! ! Give us a fricken br
Klaine Will Be Husbands ... 1
1-877-565-8860 The Trans Lifeline , a crisis hotline created specifically for transgender people run by transgender volunteer
Psycho is a pretty heavy handed term to just throw around like that . Especially when it doesn't even remotely apply to Blaine .
Somebody Loves You ON REPEAT
IFreakedWhenI got to play Batgirl alongside & amp ;
REPORTER : "" We now go live to the Iowa caucuses to see candidates react to the resul - "" FINE BROS : "" Not if we have anything
Making my way downtown , Walking fast , Faces Pass , And I'm homebound ...
Interviewer : so , tell me a little bit about yourself Me :
Object blocking way , Shouts at it .
the running of the pugs
This needs to go viral so hundreds of millions of people are alerted to this sneak attack on their health care . to help sp
Slavery , alive and well in 2017 . Heartbreaking and maddening .
Being so terrified you can't stop laughing and crying
whenever my sisters bf comes over he and i geek out ... i think we both embarrass her thingsthatarefantastic
the apartment is freezing !
i have good taste but i don't have the money to prove it truth
Watching my friends face when playing guitar priceless soamusing
woke up to a text about starwars soundsaboutright
in the end it doesnt matter , just get a rad ass cover for it
Did I have a whole conversion with a guy last night about his zelda shirt yesidid sorrynotsorry
Hitting up Arundel Mills tomorrow thatswhatsup hangingout dayaftershopping
watching workaholics with my roomate letsgetweird !
Just watched my friend play the new tomb raider for 5 hours noregrets
if i didn't have work tonight i would already be getting drunk
This week is going to be the death of me
I could not agree more with that if we can somehow get that to happen it would be fantastic
Top shelf liquor for the night friendswiththebartender regular fuckyeah
Tequila probably wont fix your problems , but its worth a shot .
Well I know what I'm gonna watch when I eventually get home
Day 19 ; close up 30daybaby ( I was on vacation and forgot to do this .. )
gerber apple berry with mixed cereal & amp ; & amp ; she's starting to try to feed herself ! proud sofia
congrats love ! ! !
much love to you !
yeah I like having physical copies of artists I like for sure
how could anyone ever want to stop funding this organization protectplannedparenthood
messes can always be cleaned ! gotta create to happy and loving memories ! NubyBathatAmazon
Tired of old men telling women what they can and cannot do with their bodies and their lives . Protect women's rights .
so proud of you , having a sponsorship ! ! ! So well deserved
About half way through ! InRealLife
McCain has been voting against even the most basic LGBT rights for DECADES . U didn't know he was an asshole ? Well my frie
i really hope hilary duff had a great breakfast today .
imagine sucking so much ass at being a leader you had to rely on racist white losers to vote for you
I need white people to stop feigning surprise with their "" this is not america "" nonsense . Yes it is , boo . Where you b
I broke the same toe in February and needed emergency surgery . It's never been the same :( mine was shattered
Net proceeds of my remix will go to Music For Relief's One More Light Fund in Chester's name Ches
What a strange way to find out Ivanka Trump doesn't know what "" otherwise "" means .
Reminder : There's literally a tweet for everything .
I literally can't keep up with the Kardashians
GUN CONTROL NOW . ENOUGH ALREADY . GROW THE FUCK UP . THE AVERAGE PERSON DOESN'T NEED A FUCKING MACHINE GUN . ENOUGH ALREADY .
Hey why are you so silent ? Is it because your "" principles "" can't withstand the glare after a mass shooting ? COWARDS . htt
I was living for costume ! But I now love her and mj & amp ; madonna costumes
When it comes to her future , Taylor is aiming for the skies . Watch her wish come true WishesDelivered
Its not just that none of the morons on his WH staff knew to say not in front of the Jackson portrait or the way he bar
i used to look at people in toxic relationships & amp ; think "" y do u keep going back to someone that hurts u so much "" then on
God bless all those in Japan at this time !
"" The way to gain a good reputation , is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear . "" Socrates
TED : Homaro Cantu + Ben Roche : Cooking as alchemy - Homaro Cantu ( 2011 )
"" Action may not always bring happiness ; but there is no happiness without action . "" Benjamin Disraeli
TED : Jack Choi : On the virtual dissection table - Jack Choi ( 2012 )
Finding Your Way as an Entrepreneur - Drew Houston ( Dropbox )
TED : Boaz Almog levitates a superconductor - Boaz Almog ( 2012 )
"" Sharing knowledge is the greatest of all callings . There's nothing like it in the land . "" - Satire on the Trades
"" Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work , so most people don't recognize them . "" Ann Landers
TED : Georgette Mulheir : The tragedy of orphanages - Georgette Mulheir ( 2012 )
9 Beliefs You Need to Succeed at Anything
TED : Bono : The good news on poverty ( Yes , there's good news ) - Bono ( 2013 )
TED : Hendrik Poinar : Bring back the woolly mammoth ! - Hendrik Poinar ( 2013 )
5 Things You Should Know About Letting Go
TED : Andreas Raptopoulos : No roads ? Theres a drone for that - Andreas Raptopoulos ( 2013 )
TED : Philip Evans : How data will transform business - Philip Evans ( 2013 )
TED : Sebastian Junger : Why veterans miss war - Sebastian Junger ( 2014 )
TED : Nancy Kanwisher : The brain is a Swiss Army knife - Nancy Kanwisher ( 2014 )
7 Rituals You Should Steal from Extremely Creative People
Theaster Gates : How to revive a neighborhood : with imagination , beauty and art
17 Ways to Conquer Soul-Crushing Negativity
Tom Uglow : An Internet without screens might look like this
Great Leadership Can Be Learned - John Hennessy , Tina Seelig ( Stanford University )
One Kind Gesture that Will Change Your Life
How the blockchain is changing money and business | Don Tapscott
Islamophobia killed my brother . Let's end the hate | Suzanne Barakat
A robot that eats pollution | Jonathan Rossiter
No one should die because they live too far from a doctor | Raj Panjabi
What we're missing in the debate about immigration | Duarte Geraldino
16 Tiny Stories of Regret that Will Change the Way You Live
TodayInTVhistory ( 03/07 / 1977 ) Game show , Second Chance , premieres on ABC . The short live
TodayInTVhistory ( 03/15 / 1985 ) ABC premieres the Sitcom , MrBelvedere , starring Christop
TodayInTVhistory ( 03/22 / 2006 ) NBC crime drama , Heist , begins its 5 episode run . Two mor
Weekly Late Night Ratings : March 20 - 24 , 2017 -
Late Night Ratings : April 4 , 2017 -
Primetime Cable Ratings : April 12 , 2017 -
Primetime Cable Ratings : April 19 , 2017 -
Primetime Cable Ratings : April 30 , 2017 -
Late Night Ratings : May 11 , 2017 -
TodayInTVhistory ( 05/20 / 2015 ) The 4,263 rd and final episode of TheLateShow with DavidLetternan , airs on on CBS
TodayInTVhistory ( 05/29 / 2013 ) OWN premieres tge drama , TheHavesAndHaveNots , featuring Tika Sumpter ( #OneLifeTo
Primetime Cable Ratings : June 6 , 2017 -
Watched Fear the Walking Dead ( 3-2 ) "" The New Frontier "" tvshowfavs
TodayInTVhistory ( 06/25 / 2014 ) ABCFamily / Freeform sitcom , YoungAndHungry , premieres . The comedy stars Emily
Weekly Late Night Ratings : June 19 - 23 , 2017 -
Preliminary Ratings : Saturday 07/15 / 2017 -
Primetime Cable Ratings : July 24 , 2017 -
TV Tonight : August 9 , 2017 -
Ratings Review : QUEEN SUGAR ( Season Two ) -
Primetime Cable Ratings : August 24 , 2017 -
Preliminary Ratings : Wednesday 09/06 / 2017 -
TodayInTVhistory ( September 14 ) Premieres on ABC : 1991 - Hammerman , 1993 - Phenom , 1974 - TheNewLand , 1964 -
PlayboyAfterDark , the 1969 syndicated TV series , Hosted by HughHefner . It ran for 52 episodes , distributed by S
TV Tonight : October 9 , 2017 -
NFL Ratings : Week 6 ( October 12 - 16 , 2017 ) -
TodayInTVhistory ( 10-27- 1993 ) CrimeDrama , SouthOfSunset , starring Glenn Frey ( #Eagles ) , Aries Spears ( #MadTV ,
Primetime Cable Ratings : November 2 , 2017 -
TV Tonight : November 13 , 2017 -
Have one Heck of a great Thanksgiving . TheMiddle ( @OnlyTVaholic on Instagram )
Cheers to a MerryChristmas season to all ! ( @OnlyTVaholic on Instagram )
Primetime Cable Ratings : December 8 , 2017 -
Top 15 Cable Sports Events : December 16 - 17 , 2017 -
Where y'all Panther fans at now
Ughhh it might as well be two years . March 29th can't come soon enough . DeadliestCatch
I try so hard 2 not say anything 2 people that talk crap about GarthBrooks but damn some people are just idiots !
Pumped to watch and but sad that tonight is the season finale .
I live for this show ! And feel like the Chrisleys are my real life family !
For "" us "" ( @Broncos ) to have a new qb the should have beaten us by more than 1 point . Soooo that shows you the r awesome ! !
Not much shocks the Keating crew ... unless it's a break-up .
Flooding in downtown Wilmington . HurricaneMatthew
yeah me too . I kept watching thinking "" theres no way "" did you read Rodgers mouth when he dropped the f bomb ? !
It's true ! Game on next Monday ! This is gonna be FUN ! ! ! ! love , g
Viewing today's GOES 13 visible imagery of the fog burning off over the Carolina's . ncwx scwx
Funny how Democrats can quickly go from completely discrediting the FBI ( Hillary emails ) to praising their opinion ( Russia
you're right . Still her president so she needs to put her big girl panties on and get over it !
I just wanna be a dog .
Why am I so obsessed with owning a blue orchid ? ? ? ?
Isle of Palms , South Carolina
Maybe Grey's will be filmed in heaven from now on , since that is where all my favorite characters are
Just a little smile for you to improve your mood . dogsarejoy
Baby raccoon just hangin ' out at the dog park
In case you hadn't seen a mini horse running today here you go .
Class of 2021 sounds pretty good doesn't it ? BraveNation UNCP 21
Join us in congratulating GARTH on his CMAawards Entertainer of the Year nomination ! Let's hear an twitter cheer ! - Te
Who's ready for game day
oh boy oh boy oh boy !
Dear writers , no one wants Jackson and Maggie to be a thing . Please stop . #GreysAnatomy
Still flying high y'all . Crazy
LIBRA : PPL THINK UR AN ASSHOLE CUZ U DON'T WANT TO SOCIALIZE WIT THEM , BUT UR LIKE DAT CUZ U KNOW THEY'RE FAKE . LET TH
Somewhere between a sweetheart and a complete asshole
the pants I'm wearing today are really long on me , no h8 pls im only 5 foot
looking forward to walking to the fckn bus in 30 weather
things i dont own enough of lingerie candles make up other useless things that will get me nowhere in life bu
Brb , becoming a better version of myself
i can't wait to see all the pics Paul from Normandy took ! ! ! ! ! ! ily paul !
Sometimes in the middle of the night I can feel you again , but I just miss you and I just wish you were a better man . -
little known new jersey trivia : if you die in new jersey , you respawn at the last wawa you made a purchase at
\ _ ( ) _ /
sex is intimate and sacred . your body is a temple and you should only share it with people who believe in global warming
the human . came home . smelling like . another pup . i've never experienced . such an intense . betrayal
morning sex is nice but have u ever emotionally disconnected urself from the rest of the world for breakfast
yellow is not just a color . yellow is a feeling . yellow is light . yellow is wholesomeness . yellow is absolutely everything .
YO when said "" i moved on for the better , you moved on to whoever "" i felt that
rip to all the girls that lost themselves trying to figure out where they went wrong
Me : Boy : ur cool Im just not looking for anything serious rn Im not over my ex if youre down to just fuck that would
Everyones callin the girls sluts but not the guys , guess its only okay to hook up with people if ur male ? ? How bout
is loving how gorgeous it is today ! ! ! !
finally here ! Too bad I am not getting a good first impression of the front desk clerk . She is making me have 2nd thoughts . </Zandra>
is having one of those days where coffee is ineffective .
Zandra is frowning at the seasons first snow . :(
If you are already married or in a relationship , keepit 100 and don't try to holla at me !
If I'm at the Info Desk & you're at the Circ desk with your earbuds secured in both ears and I can clearly hear your music , it's TOO LOUD !
My book group is off the hook tonight . JL King's On the Down Low is generating a very interesting conversation ...
I don't like to wait on people . When I'm ready to go , I'm READY TO GO ! ! !
Snow day for Holt Public Schools . I'm shocked . Dr . Scott is notorious for NOT cancelling school .
Where there is life , there is hope .
Jah Jah bring forth honey , don't stop . Jah Jah bring forth milk and honey , don't stop .
Team Alexis ! But if not her , let it be Manila . If Raja wins , I'm throwing something at the TV .
If it was truly an accidental drowning , why not call the police ? Something in the milk ain't clean ! Casey Anthony dodged a bullet . SMDH
Al Green singing For the Good Times on Soul Train just made my day ! Soul Music at its finest ! ! ! ! ! !
OT ... alright MICHIGAN , let's do this ! ! ! ! GOBLUE
Almost regretting my decision to not wear a coat today . It's colder than it looks outside
I love coming home to a good home cooked meal . Thanks Zoey Starr !
One mom gave her whole life story during parent intros . I'm assuming she doesn't get out much . I was embarrassed for her child !
TD ! ! GoBlue !
So just because he sang the Chilli's baby back rib commercial , the brilliant idea is to have live pigs at his funeral -_-
Getting excited for Spring Institute ! We have a great conference planned . Early Bird registration is still open ! ! ! MLA 13SI
Kalamazoo Hosts Michigans Largest Reggae Festival This Weekend
Today is such a lovely day !
It sucks big time getting a call saying school is canceled tomorrow only to get a call hours later saying its open . I say play hooky :)
Now don't forget about those who helped you get to where you are . WhatsLoveGotToDoWithIt
The Mysteries of Laura just got the worst review on Yahoo . Call me crazy , but I liked it .
With Kennedy Davenport's elimination I'm done watching RuPaulsDragRace . I just don't care now .
TheWiz was amazing ! I wish they would have come out to take a bow at the end .
Have two many shirtless pics with you fliexing find yourself swiped to the left . tinder
I've said it before & amp ; I will say it again - Cicely Tyson is a PHENOMENAL actress . She brings dignity , grace & amp ; power to each & amp ; every role .
Season 2 Ep . 2 BuffyTheVampireSlayer
I am watching Winter's Bone WintersBone ( via
I am watching How to Train Your Dragon HowToTrainYourDragon ( via
Season Premiere ( via Archer
Playing LEGO Harry Potter Years 1-4 .
I watched the Larry Crowne trailer . Excited to see the premiere ! LarryCrowne
Playing NCAA Football 12 .
Check-out this Opening Week sticker on
Playing NCAA Football 12 .
I'm watching startrekmovie with 117 others on GetGlue
Encourage yourself an others to be better than who they were yesterday
yeah bro they messed up big time they got to give the people something for this mess they created
Doing good bro how about you
Happy Halloween ! Getting excited about Ghost Adventure special in Transylvania tonight !
Ghost Adventures : TV Shows : Travel Channel
Don't make me go home ! ! !
If you don't quit being so awesome , I may never sleep again . latenightphonecalls
wishes the presenter would quit saying "" bone up "" .
Since when is it not ok to audit a hot yoga class dressed as Batman ?
I am practically required by law to make these . Good morning , world ! This cookie recipe exists :
To reiterate , the Joint Chiefs of Staff have been removed from the National Security Council and replaced with a white nati
... and the Sox are celebrating all year by attempting to match that number with losses .
. @griffinmcelroy the Amazing Race sure knows how to cast dysfunctional couples , or how to make them that way . Jetlag is a killer .
No , apparently its Seattle / Tacoma . According to that list anyway
The Supreme Court is in session tonight . for a chance to win a signed Perfect Game bobblehead . AllHailFelix
Surprised it took this long . Way to go !
Have you guys ever noticed that fourth kind of sounds like force ?
Lets end the work week in style . for a chance to win a Mariners holiday sweater from
Say hi to someone today , there are a lot of lonely people out there .
Spinal Tap audio under Trump is
LOL . Charles Barkley has to spend 5 days in jail for DUI .
Making goodies for Easter party tomorrow . Goodies = Honey almond chocolate tart .
I think this person sums up the Vintage Han situation pretty well
1-2- 3 Zach Britton and win 7-5 !
The Lady Astronaut of Mars by Mary Robinette Kowal wins for Best Novelette in the hugoawards
Caution : Wet paint . Postseason WeWontStop
Just read the first issue of ' s new series of The Phantom - great start to the new series with lots of action and some humor
Just finished & amp ; ' s Masters of Earth . A surprising trip into the Dalek Invasion of Earth .
Read this interesting mostly 2nd person POV story from collection Amazing art by
Series victory for against the Yankees with 7-5 win . OsBirdsNest
Washington Post article : John Scalzi on his monster book deal , sci-fi fandom and diversity in fiction
Britton of strikes out Harper in All-Star Game , finishes 6th and keeps game 3-2 osbirdsnest
of signing autographs before game Sunday on rehab IBackTheBirds OsBirdsNest
Just listened to interview with Tony Curran ( as M tries to get him to violate his NDA )
After reading Signal to Noise by I had to re-listen to her interview podcast with
This weekend listened to You Are the Doctor collection of 4 fun adventures . DoctorWho
Teh had another delightful discussion this week about first DoctorWho experiences
Listened to another wonderful Collective w and
heard your nice plug for Baltimore on the radio last night
Listened to discuss ' s Father's Day . Quite interesting look back in time .
nottenst Great players in a fun game . FanAppreciationDay
Waiting to see Something I Don't Know podcast from wamu in dc
The win 8-3 , splitting series with Boston . OsBirdsNest Great start by I remember seeing him with with
We'll finally find out whether Peter Capaldi is being replaced by Peter Capaldi ( right , ) on Sunday
LIVE NOW - eclipse 2017 pre-show with Karen Fox and Sean Potter - WATCH :
I'm using an LG Cosmos 2 . You can probably get one used .
I just donated to Team Fox ! Help support Team Fox today !
Why does my Blacksmith Armor Shader says requires purchase ? I have been wearing it for quite a while . confused
yes please help ! There are many people with this problem !
. @RBIGAME hits shelves today & amp ; now you can for a chance to win a Dodgers One S console !
Between 1888-1898 , the Dodgers were known as the Brooklyn Bridegrooms . You can say same for 17-18 , as the 3rd player i
Hey Check it out !
WWII Military Correspondence John Andrade and his wife Marion Andrade , Lowell , Massachusetts , 9 ...
Magazine Back Issue , Dollhouse Miniatures , October 1998 , Good shape , Designer Kitchens , Elizabeth Wa
Jordan's Snack Bar Ellsworth Maine Best Lobster Rolls and onion rings in the state .
Brussels & amp ; Antwerp Belgium , Palace of Justice , Boulevard Anspach , Bourse , Hotel De Ville , City view ...
1947 Easter Card , Unused , kid with bunnies , great shape , Happy Easter , Mother ! by VintageNEJunk on E
Berlin Germany , Street Scene , Brandenburg Gate , Emperor's Palace , National Museum , 4 Prints of 1892
Country Journal Magazine , May / June 1989 , 104 pages , illustrated , Herb Garden , Tool and Potting Shed ,
Railroad Model Craftsman Magazine , June 1997 , Boston & amp ; Maine , Amtrak , Belfast and Moosehead Lake , Co
Maine Festival Chorus Music Book , c1910 , 38 pages , William R . Chapman , Daybreak , Chrysoar , The Wood
Oh Say Can You See , by William A . B . Paul , 1983 , Events Leading Up To Star Spangled Banner , Booklet ,
Sunrise on Field of Tulips - - Vesterborg , Denmark
Rajasthan / India - gorgeous soft spires ... looks a tiny bit like an elephant with the side columns
Beautiful Used Christmas Card c1950s Victorian Winter Scene
The girl in this vintage photo reminds me of my granddaughter Katrina who is now 16 years old .
Unused Postcard Duke University Chapel Durham North
6 Unused 1970s Postcards Lincoln Memorial US Capitol Hotel
Thomas Jefferson Memorial at Night , Washington DC . Night is the very best time to visit this gorgeou
William Tell Overture , Gioacchino Rossini , Kalmus Miniature Orchestra Scores , 1932 , 66 pages , good s
Armed Forces Song Folio , April 1952 , I'm Yours , Forgive Me , Any Time , That's The Chance You Take , A
Bull caribou Denali National Park Alaska .
Dearest Mae , Quick Step on the favorite Ethiopian Air , Arranged with a trio by M . Keller , 1847 , Shee
Waterfall In The Mountains In Molokai , Hawaii
Sing A Song at Sight Harry Robert Wilson 1954 Paperback via
Queen Elizabeth II 18p stamp olive green Scott X1009 Lot via
All By Myself Sheet Music by Irving Berlin 1921 fair shape via
Hey Check it out !
100 Most Beautiful Rooms In America Revised Edition by Helen via
miniature Collector Magazine January / February 1985 via
Nutshell News 1994 Complete Year 12 issues good shape via
Away From You sheet music by Benny Davis Milton Ager 1925 via
when u see ur food coming in a restaurant
Maybe Taco Bell could be our always .
Aunt Lisa got me Taco Bell
I Wana meet more people at school . But no one talks to me everything is relating to you tonight thoooo
I realllllllly wanna see Annabelle
I got that ace this halloween .
When your brother tries to assault you over snap chat
Upset bc Sam Smith concert in Chicago was tonight and I wasn't there .
. @dylansprouse I was the original cell . NationalSiblingsDay
Hey happy birthday to ...
I just took a lap around my house Im so happy
thanks J-Flo can't wait to see you again
"" How's school going ? "" Me :
Do you ever get so drunk you just print out motivational words and hang them up on the wall . Apparently I did
"" On the line ! ""
ill be back on monday !
the world wide audience still isn't generating more revenue than women's .
When you're about to buy shorts for the Fourth of July but then you realize you'll be in Europe and won't be celebrating
Naturally , while Gregg is gone , my goal is to somehow piss him off ; therefore , I am playing Pokmon Go but my neighborhood's supply is dry
smh you just saw me just over 30 minutes ago
We are still in need of volunteers for the 8th Grade Expo on January 25th ! ! ! ! ! ! Please sign up in room 218 ! ! ! !
Happy birthday ! ! ! ! Thanks for always being a ray of sunshine and making me laugh . Have a good one
I love your tattoo what does it symbolize ?
Get fucked in the ass . Jump out of a window . Say yas daddy . Adopt . Gender doesn't exist . Everyone is gay . Live ur fucking lif
Idc if you play rockstar by Nickelback , Hannah Montana , or Post Malone , Ill get lit regardless .
When you're having the best sleep of your life and your parents decide that it's okay to wake you up .
That's moment when someone comes in your house unannounced and it feels like a horror movie for like 5 seconds .
Tomorrow will be the death of me . Thank you life . :-\
Ask me a question |
IT FINALLY HAPPENED ! ! DADDY GOT MERCH HE DOESNT HATE ! ! !
Where do your dreams take you ?
Black and White / Flowers
Who doesn't love a bear wearing hip glasses ?
Peixes Eu s queria parar de me torturar com esses sentimentos ruins e simplesmente esquecer tudo .
Presente de natal Novinho pra trabalhar huahua 10FC Marketing
Ill trust my heart . What else can I do ? Cinderella ( Cinderella 3 )
Adoro quando eu no compartilho minhas fotos do instagram no facebook , mas a algum acaba curtindo e aparece l anyways huahua
Tava tudo to lindo , trs meses de ferias sem precisar ver aquela galera ~ legal ~ que estuda na minha faculdade
o q aconteceu rafis ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
REUNIAO DO BONDJAYYY AMO MUITOOOOOO mmarialu
Whatsapp unindo o que cadeira sim cadeira no separam antes da prova Universidade Paulista ( UNIP )
BOM DIA MUNDINHO saiam da frente q eu to passando
Enquanto vcs reclamam do frio e pegam o carro pra trabalhar n esqueam q tem gnt d moto na chuva tomando vento na cara e a mao congeland
I'm at Bella Villa Mercearia ( Santos , SP )
1h30 de viagem j e eu s cheguei ate aquiiiii ? ? ? ? :( ( @ Viao Litornea-Bertioga )
I'm at Mongagu ( Mongagu , SP )
E os rapazes desse lugar tem o cabelo mais arrumado q o meu ( nos raros momentos que eu arrumo )
Eu definitivamente no sei arrumar mala
Eu nao reclamo tanto assim q injusto
Disputa de discursos entre Kanye West , Dilma e Suplicy na virada cultural 2017
Nunca tarde para meter o loco no mesmo
hahaha escrevi sobre isso no meu tcc da ps , q inclusive vou apresentar na tera-feira . O tempo ta passando mt rpido
A internet tinha que ser s sobre isso :
Acho que .... no tenho mais idade pra isso .
Mais atrasada que minhas sries s os podcasts
Absorvendo problemas de tudo e todos since 1993
Quando eu me candidatar te aviso
Hoje foi um dia difcil ... me matriculei na academia .
Antipodal Talent International model and actor Mengna Zhao ( ) . You can find us on several
Tip : Social engineering typically more effective if relevant
A star is born ...
Yes & amp ; I may as well earn my ass-kicking for mentioning the dating show so here is a link :
Thanks for the great answer : "" Of all the different types of marketing platforms out the "" AskWhale
This is how InfluencerMarketing is done in China - trusted influencers and KOLs promoting new products to thei
Example of InfluencerMarketing created in China ( on ) then translated and posted in the US ( on
Definitely . Here's another one that's extremely important ...
I saw your interview with at - downloading Race for the Galaxy no
What all the rest of you motherfuckers were doing while was working GVCaptionContest
Five Issues Preventing Blockchain From Going Mainstream - The Insanely Popular Crypto Game Etheremon I ... v
Well ACC , I'm proud of you .
Les Mis and cfa friend date with my homegirl soexcited
Shout out to for hosting such a sick event !
Great church service + great friends = super great day
Only ones in the theater for This is Us hollaaaaaaa
I like my men like I like my marshmallows : nice and toasty .
Jennifer also says suck it Go Noles
don't you dare Emily Jane
I hear lots of birds outside my window . Am I allowed to start treatyoself 2014 early by throwing rocks at them ?
I kind of like the new logo oops
So if you are wondering if these stats are a joke , well they aren't . Noles
I typos . Especially ones found on a PowerPoint while studying .
Went from watching the Heisman ceremony to crocheting and baking cookies . wifeme
Whatever you do Chris , don't make her angry . TheBachelor
"" My dad bought me a game for my DSW ... ""
Hello sir . I noticed the skies are out . Can I ask why perhaps your thighs aren't out ?
PSA : TMH has v cute male nurses in the ER . 10/10 would recommend .
If anyone asks me how I feel about Florida being ranked prepare to see steam blow out of my ears
"" I thought this is what I wanted to do with my life but now I don't know "" - my autobiography
Gmorning New year who dis
When you're done but the semester isn't
ya same but I went to a bible study of girls our age and they were like "" I'll add you on Insta ! "" ....
Y'all my car hit 100,000 miles literally as I was pulling into my driveway what a time to be alive
In James Blackman we trust IJBWT
As seen just now on Peachtree Street ...
Only if the 30 minute binding of isaac vid is included with IGTM
We want juggernog edition for PC , or at least restocks ! PLEASE . I'll order it for any console idc . lol .
It's Lolking's Month of Gratitude ! Celebrate with two HUGE Leagueoflegends giveaways ! RP , apparel , & amp ; more !
Escape from the city to PrinceAvalanche w / Paul Rudd & amp ; See the movie critics love now On Demand :
It's a shame that some of my fifth grade students have been to SXSW and I haven't ! SXSW 2015
Trying to win A World Outside by Ad
Enter to win Brother HL-L 2340DW Printer or wireless bluethooth headphones for free ! Ad
New AmazonGiveaway Blackmagic Design DeckLink Mini Recorder 4K | ... + Enter to win ! ( 1:15000 )
Follow me , you will get free goods . Ad
Holiday discount thermometer and hygrometer discount holiday giveaways Ad
Check out they post cool new invention everyday and run giveaways daily . invetionaday Ad
LOVE it ! The color is so pretty it is great quality , best part can take it off when I want . seller was amazing . Ad
I found a good wall charger outlet in Go and get one for your home and office Ad
Save 30 % on the Evecase 12-13 . 3inch Laptop Carrying Case w / code EVECASE 9 evecase Ad
Aluminum counter stool in matte black powder coat finish , Strong structure by welding and good polishing . giveaway
Extra 30 % off Dancing Flame Candle . Check this ~ https://t.co / 6hoRO6fMtq giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Amarey Butterfly Knife Trainer with Unsharpened B ... "" by AMAREY . giveaway
Enter to win a free Amcrest ProHD Shield Wifi Security Camera or purchase now for $ 50 w / code : G3LM4Y3N giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" NATURAL MEDICAL GRADE MANUKA HONEY CREAM ... "" by PURAO BIOMEDI + . giveaway
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Child Anti Lost Wrist Straps "" by murtoo . giveaway
VARIS Wooden Marble Run - endless family fun that inspires children creativity . Made in European Union . giveaway
A lie is still a lie , regardless of the reason behind it . You can say you did it for a good reason but the point is ...
Never build your hopes up for someone u know will tear them down in a second
The worst mistake you can make is to walk away from the person who actually stood there and waited for you .
Don't waste time worrying about what people are saying about you . You've affected their lives , that doesn't mean they ...
Facebook is linked to one out of every five DIVORCES in the United States !
What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine . - Oprah
No matter how good or bad you think life is , wake up each day and be thankful for life . Someone somewhere else is figh ...
Nobody is actually making you happy . Happiness is from you , not from someone . You are feeling ' Happiness ' through your ...
Life is too ironic . It takes sadness to know what happiness is , noise to appreciate silence & amp ; absence to value pre ...
Sometimes I feel really good about what I've accomplished in life . And then I remember that is the same age as me . womp
Was FINALLY able to register . Only by the graces of God , early morning traffic on Woodmont , and Sprint 3G .
Y'all . We need to discuss the CaB 2013 live tweeting situation . It's pitiful . Step up your game !
Boys are currently the worst . Stop breaking up with my friends and making me want to punch you .
RIPJamesAvery :( ( ( ( Uncle Phil is still one of the greatest father figures on TV , even in reruns . Keeping his family in my thoughts today .
Remember , kids : chambray is ALWAYS an option .
Photo courtesy of my roommate . Definitely heard this at about 3:30 am , but walked right by it this morning .
Yaaaaaaaaaasssss , Katelyn ! ! ! ! ! !
And now she's chatting excitedly about anime . Bless her lil heart .
which is why I just drank a Red Bull in the car on the way to my internship . wingsplz
Session was everything . So glad I can look at and and be like "" HEY , I KNOW THEM ! "" proud
The win tonight is the Blues ' 49th of the season , which ties for the second most in one season in franchise history . stl
Might have to go see The Lost Boys at the just because of Corey Feldman . iwasborninthewrongdecade 80sgirlatheart
Welp . I graduated . Cheers .
Finally got my Insta user name to match my Twitter handle . Holla for continuity .
New Politics covering Panic ! At The Disco . Perfect .
Also , considering starting the journey back to blond . Thoughts ? Let's be real . No one who follows me is awake right meow . tweetstonoone
I didn't know Nick , but it's never easy to hear about the passing of a fellow Mustang . Sending my thoughts to the Yocco family . RIP
At first I was sad that I couldn't get tix for on Halloween , but then I remembered I saw Dave Grohl give the keynote at SXSW .
Still upset about losing Descalso wishing him the best of luck with the Rockies .
are any of your locations closing tomorrow ? I have an appointment , but I don't know if the weather is going to allow for that .
Meanwhile on made the IdolTop 10 . CONGRATS ! TeamRayvon
Those moments that just make you go are my favorite .
I'm hella surprised Twitter saved Derek . I didn't realize he had that kind of fan base . sytycd
to her brother - "" You got tea on my cat . "" Just a typical Friday over here .
Our Pandora boy band radio station is KILLING IT right now .
SPORTSBALL ( at for 2016 NCAA Div . I Men's Basketball Championship - Session 2 in Saint Louis , MO )
How are we supposed to focus when Luke looks like this during heart-to-hearts with his dad ? TheBachelorette
Yo talking about peaceful transition of power being the most important thing G . Wash did is so damn relevant rn
I love for everything about this George Michael tribute . What a queen . GRAMMYs
Things I didn't know I needed until recently : choreo to a track . Make it happen , universe ! prettyplz
I'm pretty sure the answer will be "" If I were racing , yea , but I don't wanna go watch "" . Lol
that's redneck gangsta bud lmao
difference is I'm not hot like Tawny lol
11 followers to go ! Who wants a free daily pass to view all the action from Follow us for your chance to w ...
or get the train pulled on her
I'm done arguing over it . I'll have my opinion and you can have yours . Simple solution to a not so complex problem .
Things just keep getting better
Maybe the Truck Series will come to Williams Grove ? :-) or Knoxville !
What's left of it .
Do not disturb ... Duck Dynasty is on ! jack
I'm driving this time and now my copilot is OUT !
Kid Rocket takes the lead back , 16 to go .
the boys have your dogs all riled up for ya when you get home
yeah I had both him and his brother doing it . That was pretty gnarly , though !
Someone may need to teach Dillon that money doesn't earn respect and his driving probably didn't either .
TBT Josh's first Knoxville feature win . How time flies and now that little boy is ready for his first
Happy Birthday to my amazing husband Love you sugartits !
I'm going to say this , and many of you probably won't like it .. But , if it was me , I wouldn't walk into the middle of an
oh I will ! Haha
I'll deliver alcohol ... Non-methanol variety .
saw a few of you at the Iowa State Fair tonight . Good thing you stayed away from my pork tips ! squash
This is why I have a love / hate relationship w sports . I feel like my heart got ripped out and my dog got ran over after that
no , not right now . Let's hope it holds up .
j or K I think
When you really love someone , age , distance , height and weight are just numbers
Holy , Rico from winning the B to 3rd in the A main at Vegas . WoOCraftSCS
Limited quantities ranging from Kids S to adult XL . Come visit us at the trailer !
Anyone need more Facebook friends because your forever alone or just into gaming ? Feel free to add me ,
Check out The Tuxedo ( DVD , 2003 , Widescreen ) via Anyone a Jackie Chan Fan ? Chan Fan ..... sale discount halp
Are you refering to the multiple tweets I just posted all in a row ? Because I do not consider myself anywhere close to a politician .
Not cool . Very creepy and self-serving .
Aaron T's GTAV Story mode Marathon :
Pop Fiction : Season 4 : Episode 39 : Sonic 3 : Michael Jackson via
My new Twitch offline Picture ! Do you like it ? Don't roget , I'm live right now Cmon & amp ; Chat !
Day 3 of IX via - If you're reading this , don't be lazy , throw this guy a follow ( Throw em a bone ) Be nice
[ XB1 ] King's Quest ! !
How can you have 10 billion views when there are only edgar million people on the planet ?
What about all the people who didn't know this and are googling it right now because you enabled them ? ;)
Keep warm by the Hearth ! Road to 25k ! via Please and help Vie reach 25k she's so close !
Live Streaming on my Channel . Come Chat ! Playing FF6
NEW B : LOODBORNE DLC ! [ PS4 ] Chill Stream / Song Requests on via
Do you suppose that works the same ways with things you might buy for contests ? That'd be sick !
XCOM 2 Just came out ! Tons of channels are streaming it , but this one is the best ? Why ? Because Reasons via
Share Please & amp ; TY 4 your Kindness :
Tournament Resumes today ? ? Activ 8 vs Marked via Halo 5 : Guardians Tournament ! Let em know Aaron Tee sent ya
Can we break $ 20k within an hour of the start of the marathon ? DONATE NOW ! Zeldathon
I agree with you 100 % We really need someone like him to fight for us who won't give up so easy . He'll never reply .
Hi ! You asked me to remind you on twitter to check out my Twitch Channel's Panel's sometime ! - TY BUDDY
Hello ? My twitch chat is DEAD ! I need someone to TALK to ! ! Scary Stream ! Clicking follow will play LOUD alerts
Alright , so they did some crappy things for entertainment . In bad taste . But this has nothing to do with recycling .
{ Adamantoise } Very Nonbiri Final Fantasy XIV : Heavensward
This imagery from FARCRY 5 is giving me a concern . Looks like you are going to be stuck in a cult town E32017
Aww I'm so sorry I really hope they turn up
24 hr streams are always tough . Show this guy some love .
Not much just giving you a follow . Lemme know if you need anything on here I know a bit about twitter .
I'm not exactly crazy about Trump , I don't like him but I looked into the Hillary c
"" Normally , our President pardons a Turkey on Thanksgiving . This year , the Turkey is pardoning our President ""
BITCH ANSWER MY SKYPES I IS WITH A JEW TRYNA TALK 2 U
haha that's funny because I thought it was like a bad teen romance novel . Lololol I'm dumb .
Ugh i hope you shit yourself
DO I REALLY HAVE NO TRUE FUCKING FRIENDS ?
Why you bringing up old shit ?
MY PHONE DIED IM STILL AT WORK GETTING OFF AT THREE MEET ME EITHER HERE OR MELISSAS
Whats the ratio of clifford to human ?
I do not want to discuss erectile dysfunction in Europe at 5:30 in the morning , mother .
Dear Marios , sometimes I just can't handle the crowd you attract .
I want to be an assassin .
Really with the snow ? This is not helping my lack of motivation today .
There is nothing better than a dress with pockets
True Blood ! ! ! ! !
Sooo obsessed with my new Mac . So much for getting any work done today .
Jordan Staal doesn't find me to be hilarious . whitegirlproblems
you know it . I'm dead .
Within less than 5 minutes of being in the strip club , a random asked me if I was one of the strippers ... Ughhhh
The key to life has to be never be obsessed or depressed about anything . Just stay in between
what is the dictionary definition of the word ratchet ?
Everyone keeps getting "" married "" in Vegas . Trying to steal my thunder before I get there , except I plan on marrying a random . prenup
I'm surprised you weren't that girl . I wish I was the girl who made out with the pirate parrot .
did you hear that the Bulgarian party is cancelled though ? ?
yeah I think it's where the big Aldo used to be
Dude just slid himself down 3 barstools to offer to buy our drinks . Sorry that you're 80 , bro .
NO ! No station wagon and no minivan .
I'm also probably the most bronzed white person here .
well they can start their BroBowl drinking now !
I think my mom is still hopeful , but I've assured her several times that she will never have grandchildren .
I'll take that for now then
I want the first one . Just not on my car .
so I just skipped over Saturday ?
Uncle Jimmy is calling the priest ' padre ' and my mom is trying to make me drink scotch and water . itiswhatitis
The season where I don't sleep has officially started .
so rude . I have friendsgiving tonight . I'll be out after that .
The complete lack of concern when the fire alarm goes off is both hilarious and concerning .
In our attempt to skip the line at CCS the cop says : "" you can get these girls in any time . "" wemadeit
I just had to take a Monday night class in the fall ... mistakes were made . Lets go bigblue
coffee is cheaper for now ... but hey if it works it works . Prly the first time anyone has gotten energy from huffing haha
Note to self ... oversleeping = caffeine headache addiction someone get me to a dunkin donuts quick
Legit laughed out loud when facebook showed me the "" friends who will miss you "" .. delete
Wow ... espn taking some serious shots right now .. Jamison for me please .. thisismynightmare
After countless attempts at getting rid of this hangover the most effective method was coffee and gum perfectcombo
Birthday Dinner , happy birthday hun ! ( with Sothearith at hot pot garden )
That image of the PS4 wasnt meant to be blurry . It was just taken using the PS Vita camera
After a nailbiting Game 1 pull out the win vs . Game 2 coming up !
Happy Valentine's day everyone . Look at the card I made and sent to the special doge in my life .
So this happened today on FB page . One of these is not like the others ...
WCS 2015 ! BlizzCon 2015
Hahaha haven't played in snow in the longest ! My hands & amp ; feet & amp ; face are still defrosting
flappy bird is deep ...
ah yes . I approve mmhmm
These papers aren't gonna write themselves , but I really wish they would .
I'm gonna need high school to stop getting easier now that we're in college . Thanks .
My subconscious is going out of its way to stop me from being productive
Hmmm free coconut water to simmer me down
I'm missing Cte d'Ivoire vs Japan ! ! * flies home *
Whooo ! At least they got 1 :) didn't quit trying
sometimes when I say Im okay what I rly want is for someone to hold my hand look me in the eyes and say I know ur n
Arabic is such a beautiful language that even if someone is swearing at you , it sounds like they are complementing you .
Should probably do my laundry tonight to get it out of the way , but probably won't until right before I go back Sunday night .
They ran out on the express side and the other line is ridiculous :(
What's actually worth getting angry over is that sucky , deafening music blaring out of your earphones but hey \ _ ( ) _ /
thats actually a pretty shitty idea but thanks for trying - me in every group project
Laugh at my Hello Kitty footsie pajamas all you want ; I'm still comfy and snuggly : 3
I hate what it does to people . I really hate it .
I love how I can't watch the video I want to because the ad YouTube insists on playing before it won't load . Just love it .
the one and only time I checked visited UD , I went out of my way to avoid as much of the floor his room is on as possible
I need to start simplifying my life . What needs to go ?
Best believe I abused the hell out of my convenience pass to avoid walking as much as I could
Did I say determined to get those gift cards ?
She asked me where I'm going this time of day as if 9 ams don't exist
I wonder if it's in the books ?
I didn't know Brazilians called "" meat pies "" pastels like we do
In my husband's office for the lunch I invited myself to . If they don't invite you , invite yourself HappyMarriage
Clowns terrorizing the streets . A real life billionaire villain running for President . We need you , Batman .
Today's kids will never know how we were the original GPS right from the passenger side . And you better had read fast and
melatonin levels through the roof summerscience
this is decidedly NOT chill
Lack of sleep makes me weird as hell .. I apologize in advance if I freak anyone out today butireallydontcare
Gas station chicken salad sandwiches louisianalivin geauxtigers justkidding
please tell me we didn't just open a bottle of wine at 8am
If luxe is wrong I don't want to be right
and y'all are still living with your ex husband Tony
Monday I left my purse in Denver and today I left my wallet in Breckenridge lololol I'm the worlds biggest fuck up
* lauren tries to go to bed * * turn on spy kids * * she sits back down *
that's a great song . I like Kate Voegele's cover best .
MASSIVE CONGRATULATIONS TO THE AMAZING , GORGEOUS AND WONDERFUL You deserved 1 million followers ! ! :) x
CallOutTheCW for allowing an employee into a fan space to lie to us ! PROOF
Does having the same sounding name as a character cause any confusion on set ?
No matter what happens tonight . We must still lose ourselves in the Rock n Roll ! Politicians come and go ... Rock remains !
yeah , they are worst sef .
Don't expect me to know whats wrong with you . I don't read minds .
won't U sleep ? ? ?
Fem kutiiii "" @sparklingti : Make I introduce myself "" @slimm99 : completethissong first of all , _________ "" ""
I'm in for RT's today :)
If u aint getting money u a dummy .
This nigga still borrowing hearpiece from me . Its 2013 change ur lifestyle
We never really grow up , we only learn how to act in public .
am off Bmm for now
u gay for saying dat
IfRapWasHighSchool Travis porter would be singing bout girls . Everytime
how is ur school ?
Some people talking about Bruno Mars like they know him
I hate when people cancel our plan without letting me know of it
Last day of school I still didn't know the principal of my school
lol I just notice my typo , and good you got it
The Rio Live snapchat is the longest story I have ever watched
My Mom birthday is tomorrow I think ill get her iPad
I get goosebumps every time I think about Graduation
Some guest don't know when to leave
Check out my score on Qubed !
I thought today is Saturday . I was waiting for College football lol
Welcome to this "" Yoruba Demon "" episode of your favorite TrailerJamShow
The fyrefestival is the millenial concert version of MAGA . You're promised a bunch of greatness , then find out there w
its halloween fuck partying we taking big naps after work
Fiiiiiiinally getting a haircut tonight ! It is long overdue .
I'm thinking of experimenting with long-term tight lacing . Need to buy an underbust corset to wear under clothes .
I'm nervous about babysitting , even though I know I shouldn't be . Mostly I'm afraid I won't be able to find the house .
I should just go get my glasses instead of posting this with my face six inches from the screen .
If my rabbit doesn't stop throwing his fucking box around I am going to make him into a stew . Probably .
Fuuuuuuck my head is killing me . I woke up at four and haven't been able to move without pounding pain since . :(
You know those people with BIID who want to be amputees ? I'm like that with the flu . Someone come cough in my mouth , please .
- And people wonder why I want an octopus tattoo . THEY ARE AWESOME .
Cheerios and coffee for breakfast . Boring .
KITTEN KITTEN KITTEN KITTEN KITTEN KITTEN KITTEN KITTEN KITTEN KITTEN KITTEN KITTEN KITTEN KITTEN KITTEN
I love watching Jeopardy with my mom , but I will not watch Wheel of Fortune with her . It makes me feel inadequate .
Made loaded baked potato soup , because I am fucking great . Oh my god it's like eating magic .
So Hannibal is getting a second season and I am SO EXCITED OH MY GOD .
i just woke up from the most amazing twelve hours of sleep i have ever experienced
i'm allergic to the trees in our front yard so spring has been super fun so far
Best things are free from Rimmel GetADVANCED SugarPlum CelestialTea LoveMyEcoHairBrush McCormickGourmet SweetSide
New product to review ! ruimio contour makeup amazon discount blogger
Learn how to contour like the rest of them with these ten steps from makeup maven Sam Schuerman ! GlamCrowd
The wait is over ! Welcome new WholeBlends to the Garnier family and into yours
I cant wait to use eBay Valet to sell everything ! eBayTeam sponsored
Dorm Essential Small Appliances HowToCollegeAd -
Another day , another marathon !
I just favorited this check it out ! TweetPhoto
with my tumblr account . Think I MayHave 2Enlist the aid of tenager on this 1 ... aw wish I was younger I want 2 help u ! !
Babe took diz What the fuck is that an electrick blanket ? ? Mother Fucker Whhhhhaaaaatttt ! ! !
- Damn girl makin me hungry ! !
Poker anyone ? My house 2night ! ! RSVP
can you add facebook update to this ? ( YouTube
where the hot pics ? lol
Is serious ? FBI demand hacked iOS Guess his family wants to give up there house keys to world . AppleVsFBI
Memphis believes in a / c it's just that a powerful enough a / c hasn't been built yet that can handle Memphis .
i name mine after dragons , but you could've probably guess that . :)
uh-oh , that doesn't sound good ...
I think it is awesome that the uses the word awesomeness :)
hah y'all have some bad iWeather rage ( although I'm wondering why all the temp posts too )
The world didn't end yesterday cos The Doctor saved us all ... again . doctorwho
I'll send you a congratulatory email * mwhahaha *
Chlorination of well complete . Angry stares at construction crew next door for contaminating my well continue .
Today , was able to drive back to hotel without GPS . It's the little things ...
Found a stray cow hanging out on the street .
Really , Internet ? I am disappoint .
Re : last tweet - most ask nicer , but not the 1st time I've gotten that request . I think a lot of my followers are just camping for the name .
this one has always been my favorite
have a great birthday ! !
I don't feel like an adult , merely a person who pretends to be one really well .
Funny you should say that
Did any Stratuspherians get Stratusfying Trishmas gifts from
EVERYWHERE ! ! ! ! !
ASPIRING ARTISTS : Avoid the Wheel of Failure . BePatientWithYourself SmallProjectsFirst
Finished pencils on Ready to ink & amp ; color . Starting pencils next on
Got some new stuff today .
Yesterday I got free TP in the mail . Today I got a free bottle of shampoo . Kinda hope it makes my hair fall out . They're samples for surveys
They should put Prince on the 20 dollar bill and call it $ 19.99 . It will be the bill formerly known as twenty .
Thanks ! I still need to ink & amp ; color it but I broke my drawing hand last week . Hopefully I can get back to these in a few weeks .
I finished a 30DayChallenge yesterday . Weighed myself today and I lost 17 pounds . Really surprised ! Now just , KEEP IT OFF !
DUDE that's awesome ! !
Both of you are spot on ! When did so many people become so angry ? It's not hard at all to get along .
No way ! You sound like the type of adult that more people should be like .
NowPlaying Real American by Rick Derringer
I was wondering if you'd want to add a few more pics of mine to the fanart section of the site ?
Looks delish . All the good stuff in one meal .
Thank you to the 11 people that wished me a happy birthday today and the handful that liked my painting . More than I expected .
As long as I live , I will never understand how this alone wasnt the end of it .
I'm awake ! Went to bed at 7:30 am and took two hours to fall asleep . Now 3 pm . Time to get busy .
Yes ! That could be a cool story in Trinity . I bet Diana would actually eat an Alfred sandwich .
I wasn't sure I liked The OA but by the end of the first episode I was hooked . I have no idea what is going on . But I'm hooked .
This is great ! Good on for joining this .
Looking for tbt art for my Instagram . Think I'll post progress pics of my drawing and a Domino pic .
Man , a fourth of my drawing got cropped off on Instagram .
Trish , his enzyme levels went down a bit today . No ammonia . Finally some good news . Still transferring to Indy on S
TBT throwbackthursday Pencils , inks and colors on my art .
She's such a happy baby .
CUTIES ! ! I haven't seen many pics of Ron smiling but have always thought Max and his dad have simi
You and could pass as sisters .
In 1968 , Congress passed the Fair Housing Act as a way to honor Martin Luther King , Jr . , after his assassination . In 1973
In the winter time , dry heat makes it worse .
Thanks . Didn't mean to exclude you . Didn't know you were drinking too .
I agree , but what's with not having the shirt tucked in ?
I thought it was going to be huge too . What a let down . I've been over the show for a long time .
One person has died .
Why can't cell phones batteries last longer ?
Unfortunately , have to wait until it finishes airing on the west coast .
I'll be thinking about you all day . If you lose it again , you might want to read tweets .
The weathermen on channel 3 are staying calm .
ISP is down again . Why does it have to be at my end of town ?
MimTN said she will be thinking about you tomorrow . You aren't following her .
She's in FL . When she said Bay area , she's probably talking about Tampa Bay area .
Noooooo you don't because they're playing against my team . lol
People need to read previous tweets before they assume something !
Sad - Three people have died from a possible tornado in Cincinnati , AR .
What did it say ? It's been taken down .
I watch all the shows he has produced . Now , you just have to remind me to watch it . lol
I've been sitting here trying to think , and I can't remember .
You will have to reinstall everything .
Happy Birthday ! Sorry , I'm late . xoxo
That's what I've heard .
The man who picked up B & J was arrested for an unrelated misdemeanor contempt warrant .
If true , I'm already going to say congrats for winning next week .
Thank you for including my town .
Retweet if your life has been affected by melanoma .
Trick or Treat ? LoveAtFirstBite
Yes , tried that several times .
Have a cousin who lives near Houston . The west side of his neighborhood flooded . Thankfully , his house is okay .
What do you call a rabbit with fleas ? ? "" Bugs Bunny "" ......... daubber 05 ..... #TTPTP
Zalosno mi je kada ljudi na moje uzbudjenje povodom uclanjenja u NDNV reaguju : "" A koje povlastice time stices ? "" bananadrzava
Irving Animal Shelter Program Pairs Loving Pets With Seniors
Wrong Way Driver Chased from Irving to Dallas
Irving School Custodian from Lamar Middle School Arrested for Impregnating his 14 - Year-Old step daughter .
Looks like you jumped the gun on this one ! The court has not decided yet , get your facts straight !
' Twitter ' ! ! iPad iPadGames GameInsight
- ! , ! iPad iPadGames GameInsight
' ' ! ! iPad iPadGames GameInsight
I will also add my thanks to your well written work . Good job !
BREAKING : Iraq ( i ) President Abadi declares the beginning of the offensive on Mosul , the last remaining ISIS stronghold
If they do this , we all register . Period .
FYI ... Researchers Identify 200 Sites That ' Echo Russian Propaganda ' to Millions
From the NY Times . Pretty sure if it were a woman she'd be described as a crazy unstable bitch , not "" hard-charging "" and ""
PEOTUS in violation of the Emoluments Clause when he is sworn in on Jan 20 . Could be grounds for impeachment case ; D / R / me
The links are already established . The greatest scandal in American history is hiding in plain sight . Trump colluded with Pu
I guess the doesn't give a shit about children either . votearama
50 % chance Trump wears a sash that says president
Photos of the Shady Grove Metro station currently . Hearing it's an hour wait to get on the train . O____o WomensMarch
Never say anything bad about SanDiego to me . WomensMarch
Americans looking to the Democratic Party as a source of resistance are clearly going to be very disappointed .
Toomey could be the deciding vote on DeVos . His office for Pennsylvania callers : (610) 434-1444 .
. @ACLUofMichigan staff talking to 500 + new volunteer lawyers .
Stop picking on Kellyanne . She lost both legs in the Bowling Green Massacre . Have some compassion .
This Forbes article is a beast : white socialism in the USA is killing the chance for Universal Coverage .
Hm . Multiple explosions were planned .
Trump made at least 15 "" unintelligible "" comments in his Associated Press interview , the AP transcript says .
Trump thinks that exercising too much uses up the bodys "" finite "" energy
As the federal government gets its head stuck in a toilet tank , here are some measures passed by the CA State Senate in
Today in 1347 : Large outbreak of "" dancing mania "" in Aachen , Germany - a social phenomenon of people spontaneous dancing unt
TIL that white , rural districts w prisons get to count their largely minority , non-voting prison population for distric
WaPo : Trump has asked his advisers about his power to pardon aides , family members and even himself
My full look at Fox's baseless Seth Rich story - and why a Fox contributor alleges it was designed to protect Trump ht
Hi , Twitter . I need to do this thing I do every year on this day . It's my brother Rick's birthday and he would have turned 55
10 / Graham Cassidy may roll out as early as tomorrow . Attention will be elsewhere , leaving time & amp ; space for backroom deals .
James Clapper to "" Our intelligence community assessment [ about Russia ] did cast doubt on the legitimacy
Dear This boy demonstrated citizenship , compassion , courage , honesty and perseverance here : h
Email addresses : Ajit Pai , Chairman Ajit . Pai @fc
New Mexico high school shooter was investigated by FBI in 2016 . 21 - year-old man who shot and killed two students at Aztec High
KORG AudioGate "" ZARATHUSTRA "" 4WAV
I know its been awhile ...
Louis is sleeping and Luc is up . Why can't they sleep at the same time ?
I have to get these . hot off the presses : new jalapeo spiceoflife
I hate that my son keeps falling and bumping his head . Poor little Luc :( learningtowalk
yeah , we did bring her to do a upper GI and they found nothing . She kept telling me nothing is wrong but finally told me .
We got a letter in the mail today telling us that my daughter has an open call for national American Miss Louisiana .
8 yr old just asked why the day time emmys is playing at night time . kidquestions
Win a family 4 - pack of tickets to Boo at the Zoo from & amp ; BATZNOLA
School starts tomorrow . Now I have to wake up before 11am . FirstWorldProblems
I definitely think boy but I heard of a few girls named timberly .
Check out the to win great prizes , offers and more ... It's just like the lottery !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
You cant go wrong with 7 - layer dip with Avocados From Mexico ! afmsweepstakes AvoSecrets SB51 -
Summer rolls by are light , delicious , and easy to eat in the summer heat ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
those doing it are uneducated and poor , mostly . Racism feeds on that
Today & amp ; tonight dozens of calls including head of civil rights division at DOJ . Tomorrow call with Atty Gen Eric Holder . #Mik
In the line of fire : Journalists killed and abducted in Eastern Ukraine
Officer on megaphone insists everyone must clear roadway . Warns media ( who are standing to side ) not exempt from "" arrest
State murder or ethnic cleansing is inevitably followed by liberal stammering . "" But looting ! "" "" But rockets ! "" But fuck you . F
London stands with Ferguson vigil at the US embassy ! ! ! JusticeForMikeBrown
I just pulled up in the subdivided and people came running down the street screaming . Ferguson
First time ever : deploys team in US to monitor Ferguson tension
Anybody in Ferguson : You have any anecdotes you want to pass on for a story about THAT McDonalds ? Email me ! matt . pearce @la
They fired stun grenades & amp ; tear gas in to the crowd , again . What exactly is the National Guard doing in Ferguson ?
The protestors just came out of their hiding spaces . Age range is like 15-18 . Young . Harmless Ferguson
The world looks to us as an example . Ferguson
Johnson : There were 47 arrests tonight including "" an out of state agitator "" who has been arrested 3 times . Ferguson
"" How Do You Sleep At Night With All That Blood On Your Uniform ? "" From Oakland march for Ferguson via htt
I miss seeing cars ! Gaza
Any Recipe links ? Please share it ! SDCBigGame foodie
Its on ! Were giving away epic sweatshirts to 15 lucky winners who RT . Itll really help you spark up a conversation
ChapelHillShooting victims were selfless heroes who organized funding drives for homeless and syrianrefugees . RIP htt
Let's hear it for - you've won the next prize pack for your little four-legged friend ! Q4 now ! PupParty
To avoid coughing , 48 % of people binge on throat lozenges but theyre not fooling anyone ! SickAtWork
A1 handmade cards and Pinterest ValentineSweetness
The EsuranceSweepstakes runs between February 4th and February 8th , 2016 . See our Official Rules :
. @deadpoolmovie came to the rescue of a wayward kitty in our commercial or did he ? EsuranceSweepstakes SB50
We will be selecting the winner on Tuesday morning .
How do you plan to get your skin gorgeous glowing for a Valentines Day date ? GarnierCrowd sponsored
With my Silk , I always snack on fruit SilkCrowd sponsored
Take a look at our latest post for a simple and easy DIY energy gel recipe . LuvoContest -
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Barnetts Holiday Gift Basket | Chocola ... "" by Barnetts Fine .... giveaway
Turns out I'm outdoorsy , not outdoors . Risking your life for a thrill is lame . giveaway
argh enough homework for the night .... bed time by 1ish ? at least I'll try !
watching a Golden Girls marathon really cures the lonely condition . I think I see myself as Rose .. Betty White is amazing lol .
Thanks for all the lovely birthday wishes everyone . I love you all with all of my heart ! ! ! ! !
Getting ready to see Motley Crue and Alice Cooper . Rock and roll lives forever ! ! !
I need new laptop , a new Apple macbook . Does anyone recommend which kind ? I currently have an old school 6 year ...
Brainless , spineless , guess it takes millions of dollars into the Republicans pockets to kiss butt and get what ...
Attention : Wayfair is looking to add persons to their Data Science department . If you are interested , let me help ...
One week from today I will be on my way with Matthew Arnold for my first of two concerts seeing Elton John . It is ...
great set tonight you gained a new fan . Already checking out the website to see when you'll be in Michigan .
Is there somewhere on your site that shows where marches are already set up ? If there is I couldn't find it .
What ever happened with new sanctions that passed the Senate ? Would he be rolling back the old sanctions w
This picture is in the dictionary next to the definition MAGA douchebag .
Sadly until we know more about his military service we won't know what caused his mental illness . The air
Packed to the rafters ? Fake news ! SAD !
Join for exclusive savings , sweepstakes and more ! cottonellecleancrew
Have you tried Target's new grocery brand , Simply Balanced ? glamcrowd
Remember The ladies hoodie & amp ; the guitar shirts are both $ 5 cheaper today and tomorrow ( Presale ) after that they go to reg
What do you think of this morning's logo doodle ? Bit cleaner , softer lines . Nautical theme ... ? ! Follow ...
Bring it on , period ! I'm ready with these get-happy ideas from teamubykotex
Sometimes you've to pinch yourself when you realise you're friends with such talent
Did you know has a line of Body Washes to help you invigorate yourself ? sponsored theherbalistas
:-( they wouldn't let you put a plastic retainer in it ?
Spent some time in the pool while the sun was still high . Sooooo refreshing ! WaterNymph
LOL OITNB , We all have questions about down there . Follow teamubykotex
I might go to at Starland Ballroom in Sayreville , NJ - Nov 28
Jars 20 : New Fan-Curated Album update : Special News about the Jars 20 Album & amp ; Weekend !
What do propane and sunburns have in common ? Both I can live without GetOffYourGas KingsfordCrew
Save $ 1.50 on Cottonelle , or share coupon with three of your friends for a chance to save $ 2 ! cottonellecleancrew
Top Tweet Colm Keegan Q & amp ; A on life after George + new shows with Celtic Thunder ...
Learn more about Verizons SmartRewards program with this helpful infographic : vzwcrowd
This recipe for farfalle primavera using Swanson Cream Starter looks amazing ! CampbellsTasters sponsored
Cut out extra calories thanks to these SweetTips from sponsored TeamSweetNLow
At killing time before making my way down to for the show . Got a comfy chair too . peoplewatching
Quick and Easy Recipes with Johnsonville MeatballMasters Sponsored
A new favorite : Celtic Thunder's Colm Keegan chats with Forrister Jenot by on SoundCloud
BREAKING : Judge sentences convicted murderer Jodi Arias to life in prison without possibility of release .
Are you going to be able to sleep tonight ? Lol
Cant wait to make a batch of mojitos for when I've had a horrible day at work ! TeamSweetNLow sponsored
I'm listening to "" After The Storm Blows Through "" by on Pandora pandora
Took the poll and shared my vote for my must-have travel necessity . MyTravelNecessity
Sadly , with 2 full time jobs , making this salad just didn't happen . splendasavvies sponsored
I'm listening to "" One Hell Of An Amen "" by on Pandora pandora
Andy Mientus , Krysta Rodriguez , Jeremy Jordan "" Under Pressure "" Queen via
Play the "" Castles_france _1016102 "" puzzle !
I have completed the ' Subscribe to the G5 Newsletter ' quest !
beckers 1530 completed the Carthaginian Commander quest
EntertoWin a $ 200 gift card ! Registry pregnancy BCBasicsforTarget
here at the place I am in now . Like I said my current rommate is moving to Idaho and I cannot stay here because she never put me on the
Does anyone know of a pet friendly house for rent through a private person ? We are looking for a 3 bedroom house in the Salem , OR area .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Baseball .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Vocab Builder .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Chemistry .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Tennis .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Computer Security .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Foodie Cooking .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Space Lander .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Phrases .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Accounting .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Ice Hockey .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Golf .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Racquetball .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Physical Therapy .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Physical Therapy .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Basketball .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Phrases .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Alien Destroy .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Physical Therapy .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Football .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Chemistry .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Baseball .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Racquetball .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Football .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Physical Therapy .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Football .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Ice Hockey .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Medical Terms .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Insurance Terms .
Resin is my bowls way of paying me back JustAthought YeaImFuckedUp
damn twitter looks like Facebook now .
I concur Stupidity is a fuckin disability
haha i digg that !
It's about to get real cloudy .
Fuck drivers in the NoVa area . ThatIsAll
Yo is it really like 60some members of S . P . C . ?
I don't like unexpected knocks on my front door
"" Hi , I'm Ricky Bobby . If you don't chew Big Red then fuck you . "" * Best endorsement ever *
Classic ! Watch "" Nas - I Gave You The Power [Dirty] "" on YouTube
I smoke a blunt to take the pain out , and if I wasn't high I'd probably blow my brains out . - Tupac
holdin me down with tha android app tonight !
"" Never thought I'd see 21 look I'm grown now ""
I'm diggin this one !
Scorpio is the most vindictive sign of the Zodiac . Dont piss them off .
the realest thing Diddy ever said was "" No Bitchass-ness ""
Probably the REALIEST song EVER ! RealHipHop
in 2005 , the DEA seized $ 477 million worth of drugs , the value of drugs sold in the US is $ 64 billion . DEA efficiency r
Livin that HighLife with my girl
I'm just trying to stay sucka free and do me !
[VIDEO] reveals why he calls himself King of the South Cadillactica
Scorpio is not super social , they are often their own best friend .
Scorpio change for two reasons . Either they have learn enough that they want to change or they have been hurt enough to hav
I love sending people to voicemail when they only call when they need something RealRecognizeReal
Damn imma miss this Peach Kush SmokeSomethingBitch HighLife
i think im gunna start using this :)
Time to clean the pool so the kids won't bother me while I clean the house ! LOL Cleanliness
How do you make all your cool avatars ? I want to be stuck with Johnny Depp ! LOL
Thanks MyZatarain's for my free sample . Click here to get a digital coupon :
I hate crying , but this is a happy cry ! Now my eyes are all red , but at least I'm happy and worry free !
I was thinking about this movie while driving to California . Too bad there wasn't a hot guy in a Ferrari beside me ! LOL
Homemade Chicken Tenders , Tater Tots and Carrots . Dinner
I just checked out the Brand Challenges and will be doing them when I get home ! holidayvoxbox
DH is scrubbing the carpet . On his hands and knees no less ! I wonder what he wants in return ? ! ? ! :P
Pot Roast with Carrots and Potatoes in the lovely Crockpot . I wish I could cook everything in there ! Dinner
Excited - Enjoy The Sweet Freedom to Indulge and Have Lots of Fun :
Let the past remain the past . Every day with God is a new day !
I posted all my pics to Pintetest . Not that I have many pics !
Going to be a hot one today . Time to turn on the AC ! Heat
Teriyaki Pork Tenderloin , Corn and Mashed Potatoes . Dinner
Thx 4 my free TotalMoisture ! Check back for other great promotions
Dessert after . They are called Fudge Crinkles .
What ? ! ? ! I need to know where to buy triple stuff Oreos ! LOL
FSU fans , please follow my work account ... I posted my two stories from tonight's game there , need more ...
DH grilled some Ribs and Hot Dogs and I heated up some leftovers to go with it . GetGlue Dinner
It is so heartbreaking to deal with children when they find out someone has passed away . My eyes are all red and burning now . :(
My head hurts so bad that I just had a typo in my last post . Someone bring me some ibuprofen stat !
Sitting outside enjoying the nice hot breeze
Shrimp Fried Rice is almost ready . I'm getting hungry !
My Birthday Project ! Pls Retweet & amp ; GIVE ! ! ! Most important thing I've ever asked to anyone ! ;)
If I wasn't so afraid to get on camera , I would do this ! Were Celebrating ( cont )
I'm hungry and can't wait til dinner time ! Hello Steak Fajitas and Beef Tamales !
Hope it rains today . Excuse the bubbles . Kids are playing at the bus stop . Arizona
I'm glad I wasn't the only one who didn't receive my product . :(
I have a little fur ball under my desk . Wish I could curl up and take a nap .
I'm excited about being able to watch GOT anywhere on my mobile devices ! ChromecastGOT Sponsored ...
So much love from the we can't help but be excited for brunch tomorrow ! BostonBrunch
GreenLine moderate delays due to disabled train mbta Reads : Moderate - Means : Think you're getting to work on time ? HAH !
Campbell Soup CEO , Denise Morrison's mother always told her : Ambition is a part of femininity slc 14 Love it !
. @jryan092 Ahaha same . if i say I'm running late ... I really mean that I'm running late for being early .
But we all agree that Mayor Marty is , at very least , a weather savant ?
Thank you to everyone who donated to support Dana Farber . Together we raised more than $ 1300 - -
ahahaha . Seriously ! ... and A LOT of it .
I would love to punch at least 15 people in the face everyday . StupidMeanHumans Story of my life .. right , haha
* excuse to wear Michigan gear *
John Legend didn't agree with Kanye's comments about Beck
. @universalhub Spiderman is getting ready to teach those punks a lesson in DOWNTOWNCROSSING
so beautiful . haha in other things , yyyyayy ! ! ! ! ! ! !
"" Je suis la jeune fille ! ""
It's almost time to say goodbye to the Echelman sculpture . Here's a drone's eye view :
such good news ! ! ! !
How Jeb got his ! back
Broadway Pays Tribute to Prince : ' #Hamilton , ' ' #ColorPurple ' Casts Celebrate Star's Music
Sir . The radar , sir . It appears to be .... JAMMED .
The Olympics forever remind me that I didn't play any sports where my height was an advantage . What a waste . WhatCouldHaveBeen
* picks up a case of wine * Cashier : Are you having a party ? Me : No , just watching the debates alone .
[ me , gently descending the stairs ] [ kiss me by sixpence none the richer plays ] [ i toss my hair ] uber driver : are you brian
ahaha I just watched them all , too - - - her reactions are the best !
Acceptance starts with all of us . weaccept
I need to do this , too ... my car is a hot mess right now .
now you see it . now you don't . incredible crullers + coffee from
I thought you looked good Kellie :)
I can tell you don't have to shovel it . :)
LOL , reminds me of an episode of Everybody Loves Raymond . Just hope nobody puts cheese in them .
Don't always watch but I was watching that night . Very touching . :)
You got it ! ! !
An open letter to Iranian President Ahmadinejad Please retweet to free Nadarkhani Freedom vi ...
team coco plays with olympic slow motion camera ( #photography )
in-focus : macro photography by shikhei goh
3 Wins ? That must make you happy .
BigBangTheory fans ! ! to vote Sheldon / Leonard / Howard / Raj tvbromance PeoplesChoice
Over 1 million credits are up for grabs . The faster you are , the better the reward .
I'm a fan and miss you in the Bangles . Nuff said .
This looks like a job for me so everybody just follow me because We need a little controversy cause it feels empty without me :)
Popped a vein in my finger . That's weird
Team USA is looking good with 4-1 lead through 2 periods vs . Czech Republic .
Kickoff to the Warehouse World Cup was successful !
Final : Braves 5 Marlins 3 . WP : ATL C Martin ( 2-2 ) LP : MIA M Dunn ( 0-2 ) SV : ATL J Grilli ( 10 ) ( ESPN )
Final : Padres 9 Braves 0 . WP : SD J Shields ( 9-5 ) LP : ATL M Wisler ( 5-3 ) ( ESPN )
Check out [ Disconnect from home WiFi "" Goodbye , sir . "" ] on AutomateIt via
When your boss lets you leave early
looking forward to the day Huntsman drops out and you come back to the real world
no they are not certainly McCain has gone out of his way to show "" independence "" from the conservative movement
i guess the trees are huge deal but how can the heart attack guy be outdone ?
giving up Mike & Mike in the morning on espn :)
as the Great andrew breitbart might have said "" so ! ""
what is rippable ? i enjoyed it bos-NY have a big lead but those leads can be made up in a series filled w / a rhubarb or two
ZeroHedge | On a long enough timeline the survival rate for everyone drops to zero
not sure what u just said but u sure sounded smart saying it
shane is as knowledgeable a sports fan as esixts on the planet
excellent article in Townhall this morning
both teams had replacement refs phoney excuse
Ala relief crews , specifically called to NJ were diverted to Long Island , NY after they arrived because they use non-union labor .
he was dealt a bad hand . It a long year . Way too soon to quit on the coach . And I did love what he said after the game today
Does a station list exist ? for those of us on the road ? BTW good luck
he weighed 209 in 2009 at W Monroe HS
welcome aboard . You have no idea how lucky you are
congratulations to the Mississippi State Bulldogs
1000th tweet goes out to and Go vote for them today on your mystate account !
The redemptive power of our lives can only work through humility .
April certainly has to be in the hunt
I do not understand how this helps MSU . To me Vandy and tsun are both snooty I know of no reason to ever root for either
Wishing you historic success coach Love what you are doing
Raines vs Brock AVG : Raines OBP : Raines SLG : Raines OPS + : Raines wOBA : Raines HR : Raines SB % : Raines wRC + : Raines WAR : R
What could be more transparent than deleting 30,000 Emails ? It is transparently obvious she had lots to hide
3:49 markk of first quarter . INTERCEPTION by 20 Brandon Bryant
i wish she would leave the stage He is so far superior to her as a potential Potus
I had no phone yesterday . Always good to see you Lea . Wild Thang was an all time great
Think weve seen this before .
i'll talk to you later
Im bout to eat box of cereal
if they cant fry chicken then they need to kill themselves
Let me love you down ... even if it takes all night
Its too damn hot outside & too many niggas inside for there to not be any AC ... this fan aint doin shit !
thats good , having fun ?
I love a Shawty that can Whip up Sum Breakfast ... Thats the most important Meal anyway .. Lol
I wish my baby was up with me :(
Heart to Heart , RETWEET IF YU LOVE SOMEONE
My tears dry on their own
Me & sleep are in a relationship and "" its complicated ""
oh gosh , i hope your next dream is much more pleasant
NeverApologizeFor some shit you was right about it
thats messed up , i've flat ironed all that damn hair of yours one time
s / o to ! She didn't break the rules last night * claps for money * * clap clap * kudos to you boo boo !
hey , you gotta get my attention first
Im hungry , who tryna feed me ?
i love you to grandbabez ! ! ! !
Though we adore men individually , we agree that as a group they're rather stupid . Mary Poppins
Feelin kind of down tonight ..
I called but he doesnt love me enough to pick up
Just seen some deer chillin on the side of the road
One of the best I've received so far , shout out to
I always feel like a fat ass when I eat sweets really late lol
Why the fuck do people keep coming in my room ? The door is shut & amp ; the lights are off ... how is that inviting ?
im not having this conversation over twitter if you want me to message you then follow me so i can do so . if not oh well .
Arguing with your gf about who's high school basketball team was better and ends in a 1 on 1 match .... lesbianproblems
Getting ready to go out for my bday with the wifey !
I borrow them and give them back to you !
For myself , I'm an optimist . It doesn't pay much use to be anything else .
2.5 hr nap with . Never gonna sleep tonight !
dang I have to work . Well good luck ! ! ! !
and I throw pillows n blankets on the floor and have our own slumber party in the living room . CuteThingsWeDo
Tower city pride cleveland indians
Nothing like a bike ride with to South Euclid and back !
Hmm what to do this thanksgiving ... What to do ....
Best pumpkin I've ever seen ! WreckingBall
I only dress in my very best sweats
Michael Sam kiss comments reminded me of this quote , "" Why is it that we are more comfortable seeing two men holding guns than
Who the fuck vacuums .... Hardwood floors .... at 10:30 pm ? ! Oh right , the lady who lives above me
you can have red wine when you're pregnant
American Sniper was incredible and heart-wrenching at the same time
hotels have been sold out since Feb / March . That's when I booked ours .
It's 62 degrees out . Where are you Christmas ? Why can't I find you ? Chicago
Nooooooo theyyyyyy didn't ! ! ! !
It's not a proper Sat wo some jamming to some tunes
just wanted to say hi n hope ur Dad doing btr . Have a wonderful Thanksgiving nxt wk
Why does today feel like Sunday ?
Happy Fathers Day to all the truly wonderful Dads as well as all the Moms who do dbl duty
Spent the morning in tears listening to the Best of w Kidd Kraddick , fixture in my life nearly 30 yrs ... prayers to all family n friends
I just hope everyone realizes we are never promised tomorrow n should make sure those we . cherish know each day we are blessed to be here
Scott Disick - - Seeking Sobriety By Tripping His Face Off with Shamans
I'm earning mPOINTS in Horoscopes - Zodiac Astrology .
I'm earning mPOINTS in mPLACES .
I'm earning mPOINTS in mPLACES .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Movies : Word Search .
Join GrabPoints and earn 500 points with my invite code - YXSUHC . Redeem for Amazon , iTunes , BestBuy & amp ; much more !
I'm earning mPOINTS with CutDaDeck !
I'm earning mPOINTS in Find The Top Music Artist .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Spot Animals : Word Search .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Movies : Word Search .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Cut Da Deck Android .
My heart goes out to you all even more watching FullThrottleSaloon last night . I grew up in fire dept n still moved 2 tears
IT'S ON NOW ! JACKYLSTOCK please feel free to share to the high heavens
PRINCE .... ICON .. LEGEND .. LEGACY .. THANK YOU FOR SHARING WHAT ONLY YOU WERE ALBE TO BLESS OUR EARTH N HEAVENS WITH THAT SHALL FOREVER LIVE RIP
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Punchcard for Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Color Swipe .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Horoscopes - Zodiac Astrology .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
No podemos ser perfectos , slo podemos ser reales
No se puede volver a confiar en quien te fall una vez .
Verdaderamente , el hombre es el rey de los animales , pues su brutalidad supera a la de stos Les Brown
Pa ' que no me puedas olvidar , y en tu memoria un artificio voy a echar (8 )
No amamos lo bello , sino que transformamos en bello aquello que amamos .
Saben que es arrecho ? DERROTAR AL VENTAJISMO , AL OPROBIO , AL PODER MAOSO Y AL CARTEL DE LOS SOLES .
En serio ? Una chaqueta en la Nike 165.000 bolos ? Es que ni vendiendo dlares , son 200 $ , que mierda es esa .
De qu sirven tantos pensionados si no consiguen todas sus medicinas y les toca hacer cola en los mercados ?
No es que debamos andar paranicos , pero si hay que ir MOSCA para evitar ser victimas del hampa EN TODAS PARTES
Necesito una franela que tenga escrito "" Homero es mi pastor ""
Y recreativo de los boliburgueses .
Quienes olvidan el pasado se condenan a repetirlo Olvidar 3500 asesinatos del Caracazo es celebrar la muerte , no la vid
Feliz Domingo de Ramos !
Tener dignidad ... Jajajajaajajaja Qu hacer cuando te dicen Ya no quiero nada contigo
Jejeje . Argentina retir a Telesur de sistema estatal de TV
La MUD anunci que en las prximas horas har un anuncio .
Ni el apoyo de los medios , ms el de los artistas , actores y cantantes fue suficiente para que Clinton ganara .
A veces , la mejor venganza de GMINIS es sonrer , seguir adelante y demostrar que es feliz .
Aos diciendo que "" se tiene que prender el peo "" y cuando en efecto , se prende , se quejan de las repercusiones ( ej . Trancas )
Puedo estar bien solo , aunque me faltes .
Cristo , me siento a reventar .
A la mierda todos , ojal Espaa se vuelva una vaina as toda comunista arrechsima que hasta los saquen de la UE y se mueran
As fue q SECUESTRO el SEBIN a Antonio Ledezma DesafioSuperHumanos Venevision y Televen concluDIADESPUES
Defectos de GMINIS : Gastan energa en muchos lugares al mismo tiempo , son inestables en el amor , nerviosos y con falta de
Si estn en 350 y 333 porque van a elecciones .. ? Creen que vamos a ir a votar .. ?
De los 112 diputados "" opositores "" electos por pendejos que votamos en 2015 , hoy fueron solo 55 a la sesin . Pero "" no perdamos lo
Disculpen , aydenme con un RT . Personas dicen que otro correo rebota , usar santosexequiel @gmail . com para reporte de ca
CNE : participacin fue de 61 % ( histrico en elecciones de gobernadores )
jajaja no no , como decirle a un chamo que su foto es muy gay ?
VivoEnUnMundoDonde pintar un grafiti es un delito , y matar un toro es un arte .
Dejar todo a ultima hora ... el mejor estilo venezolano
6 ways to improve your twitter marketing results .
10 Secretos para Dominar el Email Marketing
I have that same thought , but im trying to think that it will be surprisingly good
( In ) formiamoci !
I'm at Milano Jazzin ' Festival w / 13 others
Alla conferenza Energy and Society in Oxford si parla di "" passive consumer and active technologies "" another "" old "" debate
Gentec 2012 Dr . Monty from University of Missouri is giving an American perspective here at LGC 2012 - Matrix Hotel downtown Edmonton
James Grabau Glbal sales manager , Agrigenomics , Illumina talking now at gentec 2012 on "" what's next in tech ""
Great audience this morning lgc 2013
Help a blind person see with the BeMyEyes app - the app that connects blind people with sighted helpers !
there is an epic level of delusion that goes into fighting to preserve parking . Just own it ! Own that you want free street
* Men * have a woman problem "" Kickball has a woman problem . ""
Hahahahah Coal company says the earth is cooling , plans to sue EPA for lying about climate change
At the sleepover tonight , will whisper "" deport "" into the mirror five times until Ted Cruz jumps out .
White parents need to step up and do more to stop violence in white teen culture
PARANOIA : Georgetown Stonewalls plan innovative tifo for Kansas game tonight . |
That's the first step to solving them , but it can't happen if people who benefit from the status quo aren't called to account . [ 4 ]
Relig freedom args always seem to come back to "" I'm not a homophobe so my views should be inside any line ""
Good thing they built all those hospitals , roads and buses first .
Bostons Olympic stadium cost estimate just doubled , if you can believe the numbers at all
At this point I would rather watch the call-ups play every game the rest of the season then suffer through this "" chase "" .
almost any concessions are better than none from dem perspective no ?
This really brings my "" workplace fairness is important "" and "" screw you jerk "" values into tension
80s Night is back with a fanny pack ! Retweet to win a pair of tix & amp ; this Nats grill :
This tweet doesn't make any sense
More members of Congress met with Donald Trump today than have met with Merrick Garland .
Please , for the love of the Many-Faced God , stop now .
i made the opposite choice tbh
Trump complains of unfairness - says why doesn't some woman accuse President Obama of attacking her . ( this actually happened .
Some good thinking here on Democrats and the white working class .
So this photo was in the holiday email . Are you really bragging about this ? Did and
Also context I didn't add , Mccaul was named "" distinguished alumnus "" of our school in 2014 . So I think he's letting us down
AWS is killing the irony game hahaha
This is my favorite chart about the US economy . It explains so much .
CMS actuary reviews AHCA : - 13m fewer insured - 5 % net premium increase ( including lower subsidies ) - $ 221b increase in ou
I keep giggling at the idea of Napoleon at marching band tryouts or leading a student council rebellion
Kind of weird for Mulvaney to admit his boss is easily duped .
Remember , rooting for the Cubs means rooting for Faustian bargain , which got us into this situation
"" it's now impossible to ( safely ) get a crosswalk light to cross Florida ""
this tweet if you're into the chance of getting a FOLLOW from us . ;) BattlesRound 2
This season was one for the books . I am such a proud rebel right now ! Hotty Toddy !
I AM AN OLEMISS REBEL ! BeatLSU TheNewNormal
Ole Miss Defeated : - 7 Bowl Teams - 3 Conference Champions - 3 New Year's 6 Teams - The only 2 teams ever ranked 1
. @CoachHughFreeze hugged everyone as they came out for Day One practice .
Brando : Why Ole Miss is simply better than Alabama via
Ole Miss beats Alabama . The Cubs beat the Cardinals . says the temperature in hell has dropped to new recor
I ... I don't think a witty caption is needed . FloridaHateWeek
They sure do look good together ! It would be another fun exciting pairing if happened
Honest to God , and will be my death . Malec ShadowhuntersChat
This skunk was running in traffic with a cup on his head , so one guy decided to save him ... even if it meant he might get spraye
Fuck outta here with your damn handsome self
He doesn't have a brain .
she deserves it lol , she stereotyped a group of innocent boys that aren't fully accepted in this country already . ya get what
I'm it even going near that track or album . I'm just so over it all .
I just spent the last 20 gotdamn minutes fixing my mom's TV without a damn remote , so she could watch MayweatherVsMcGregor on local .
See the emotional moment this Hurricane Harvey survivor , who lost everything , learned his dad survived the storm
I don't believe Ann Coulter is a stack of bloated rat corpses held together with twine . But that is more credible than "" h
Don't claim you have "" Southern Hospitality "" or "" Midwestern Family Values "" when you're unwelcoming to immigrants & amp ; you se
No don't tell me that ( but like how bad ? And what was bad ? )
RECAP : Nazis : very fine people Racist sheriff : unfairly treated Black athletes exercising 1A rights : sons of b * * * * * * an
my mom hates them too , I just watched for pinky and the brain
He fits the profile on a plane He fits the profile in the rain He fits the profile day and night He fits the profile : Male
"" i have a daughter "" is getting up there with "" thoughts and prayers ""
First of all , were going to cancel the attempted humiliation of any student at community colleges and not be assholes .
Please watch ! The title of President isnt just a trophy , its a way of being . ACTLIKEIT TAKEIT
& amp ; follow for a chance to win a StrangerThings Nancy Pop !
YOU LITERALLY TRIED TO PASS A BILL DEVASTATING HEALTH CARE IN THIS COUNTRY WITHOUT READING IT .
Snapchat is all about the streaks . Insta is all about the likes . Twitter is all about the rts . But Vine ... Vine was all
LOOK AT MY FOUR SONS DOING THAT
Wait but how do I add you ?
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a chase Eleven with Eggos Pop ! StrangerThings
President responds to a terrorist attack against Muslims in Egypt by calling for a wall between the U . S . and Mexico and a ban
Prince Harry's kids will be Americans . What if one grows up to be president and is in line for the throne at the same time ?
I want to wake up to that beard everyday for the rest of my life
Uber driver ( in a Grand Cherokee ): someone's broken into my car twice this month Me : more like Law and Order SUV Uber d
Uterus : Look ! I put up the wall paper for the new baby ! Body : yeah ... There isn't a baby . Not this month . Uterus : ..
James Corden's wife had a baby 30 minutes before the LateLateShow so Harry Styles stepped in with absolutely no time to pr
I dont trust anyone whos nice to me but rude to the waiter . Because they would treat me the same way if I were in tha
How'd it go ? ! ?
Thats ridiculous ! Wear your shirt proud , girl ! The bridezilla needs to grow up !
Fireworks are going off in Lafayette ! ! ! THE SAINTS ARE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL ! ! !
I am a Dungeon Keeper . Dwarves are for lining the walls of my prison . I'll get my imps right on that , though .
"" YOU'RE GOING TO LOVE ME ! ! ! "" My Little Pony is awesome .
It's kind've messed up . But kind've funny at the same time because it's so messed up .
This was me and a friend today too . XD He picked up one for his brother .
What my character says : Don't be ridiculous . I already got paid enough to be your friend . WHAT ? ! How am I supposed to know that's the line ?
Yes . Because clearly a game as massive as Star Citizen should be done in two years .
Yeah , me too . :< * hugs *
Congratulations to you both ! :D
I'm sorry , sweetie ! D: * hugs tight * You've still got plenty of time on taxes , though . You can still get this sorted out . c :
So I just gave my twitter handle to a research survey . They are supposedly studying tweets compared to personal opinions .
Microsoft somehow made a screen more terrifying than the BSOD .
your main project for this semester . And considering the idea I think that's really good . I think it'll be a good resume thing
Light blue hair , pink shirt , white on her jacket . Beatrix trans girl confirmed .
me : fine Nintendo , take my post down for promotional material , I'll WRITE IT as a joke ~ 5,000 words later ~ me : time to in
IS THE UNIVERSE TAUNTING ME BECAUSE I WATCHED KEMONO FRIENDS ?
So turns out raster totally has line smoothing and I'm a big idiot . Feels like it makes a world of difference . Need
* unintelligible trans girl screaming *
So apparently Ittle Dew is a boy in the Card City Nights universe ? That makes me a little less interested even if there is a lesbian date .
Balancing being able to tell someone is clearly wrong or mean-spirited with not agreeing with knee-jerk reactions feels impossible , though .
Augh , my eye hurts again . Why didn't I go to the doctor ? DX
Oh , um , okay yeah that's pretty accurate , then ... > . > ;
Love you too , cute younger sibling .
Mmmm , pumpkin spice is truly the Animal Crossing of coffee .
Shout girlfriend , no ! D: ... Oh , wait , this is a set up for an epic burn , right ? Right ? !
This is what I believe in
1 in 2011 : How to be a better parent in 4 seconds . | Jon Acuff via
Maybe it just shows error on the iphone ? Read it on my laptop just fine . Thanks !
School Censors Second Graders John 3:16 Message
rt had a great time . tx for all u do for Pgh !
My friends ' daughter in PEOPLE mag ! Girl Without Hands Wins Penmanship Award
Great tutorial on how to put a frame around the giant and boring "" builder's mirror "" in the bathroom .
People chose Bing nearly 2 to 1 in a blind test . Which will you pick ? bingiton at
11/21 Internet moment of silence for Sandy Hook Elem 930-935 am ET . Consider staying off email , social media , etc for these 5 mins
my mind works in random ways ;)
An embryo isn't a potential human . An embryo is a human with potential . thedonnfather
Ah the familiar comforting toot-toot of Noah's Ark Kennywood . Let's see if the girls r in tears this yr !
Last day of Kindergarten for lyliepop , 5th grade for alldayaj and 2nd grade for phoebecake Yay
Pittsburgh named 9th most walkable US city ! iheartpgh
That's a big bottle of ketchup ! phoebecake
Joan Rivers dead at age 81 . From Melissa via
If running kids around in the mom van burned calories like actual running , I'd be a freakin fitness model !
Books are like pizza ... you never get enough ! tmnt scholastic Chteau Gross
1st sunburn & amp ; 1st ice cream truck of the season ! summeriscoming lyliepop phoebecake
Found our first geocache ! grosspeople phoebecake alldayaj lyliepop
gives the inside scoop about the upcoming sister 2sistertv event 8/ 22 ! Reserve your tickets
1st day of 7th grade for my alldayaj ( my heart is breaking in pieces ! )
lyliepop : "" I never eat my earwax . ""
grosspeople hotel pool shenanigans winning phoebecake alldayaj lyliepop
On the 8th Day of Christmas Harvest House gave to me ... 12DaysofChristmas
LIVE on Periscope : The world's first hairdryer
I heart more than Bears . hockey pittsburgh CONSOL Energy Center
Noooo ! 1st time sharks have led in this series ! LetsGoPens StanleyCup
Groupon Buys LivingSocial , a Rival Once Valued at $ 6 Billion - Bloomberg
"" People don't leave jobs ; they leave managers . ""
I DONT KNOW HOW 2 PARENT KIDS THAT CHAT IN SNAPS , NEVER LISTEN TO AN ENTIRE SONG , & amp ; WEAR HEADPHONES WHILST CHANGING THE CAR RADIO STATION !
You say I'm just a friend . OH BABY YOOOOOUUUU ! ! ! Got what I neeeeeeddd
My boys killed it today gosaints gainesville santafe winning
! ! ! ! ! Come on Obama
Last night my roommate's crack head boyfriend caused the police to take over my damn building .
Lol i am soon Soooo needs to come to bed
Bye Welp Chris Brown deserves a Grammy for having so many hits
Bullshit How are you gonna say "" we're done "" after that ? Scandal
Happy Memorial Day to LostGirl fans in the US ! Hope you're having a great long weekend !
Cosign It's just you . Is it just me , or did Rachel just put black folks back 50 years CNN
She may be ratchet , but has vocals for DAYSSSS ! ! ! LHHATLReunion
You know who was gonna grow up to be a hoe in middle school cause they carried their Jansports on their wrist
I know they're big shoes to fill but , um ... I couldn't understand anything the new ' Left Eye ' said . amas
Lorde looked like she just saw a ghost ! Grammys she looked in the mirror
"" Fitz look at me ! "" shouldn't it be "" Mr . President look at me ! "" Talk about a ' Side Piece ' overstepping Scandal Scandalis
More ground rules : If you kill somebody ... in my office ... you have to clean that ish up yourself !
If this ends 1-0 I will feel like I wasted 89 Mins + extra time of valuable sleep . GHAUSA
I can get a nasty attitude at the drop of a dime . Don't fuck with me . AttitudeRealRUDE
Bey looking JUST LIKE MAMA TINA ! Good gawdt ! Looking just like her doggone mama ! VMAs
wtf David Banner looking like somebody's professor ? HipHopAwards
Wes ain't Haitian I ain't never see him eat rice not one time HTGAWM
Going to war for your side piece tho Scandal whatthatmoufdo pussypower
DebateWithBernie Bernie 2016 FeelTheBern DemDebate
deserves an Emmy for that scene alone ScandaI
Some of these TrapCovers need to be produced in a studio for real . Can we get a spotify playlist w / the really good ones ?
I said Black people .
No one can govern by themselves . Tell that to POTUS 45 . Scandal
THEY HAVEN'T LEARNED TO STOP TAMPERING WITH MURDER SCENES YET ? HTGAWM
Earn money for surfing the net with FusionCash ...
Tell Rep . Stop lying about rape , and apologize to women . fem 2 p2 via
This is so cool ! Cant wait for to launch and never worry about charging again
Cable network seeks those affected by cyber crimes via
NowPlaying The Fantasy by Thirty Seconds To Mars
Still waiting for my friend to come and break me out ..
This hurts too much .
Like the dad Dont even gotta be around . I want a baby . Not a husband lol
Thousands of people out at Reno Women's March this morning ( photo via BiggestLittleMarch
So goodbye , I'll miss you
( in my opinion ) is one of the strongest people in the world today . He is what REAL PEOPLE sound like . We need more people like him .
i havent been alone on Valentine's Day in about 7 years . gonna use the gift money to gamble and cry .
My anxiety has anxiety at this point .
girl that shit ruined me . Get out while you can
i bought it in rose gold . SMH
one day you'll regret treating me like shit .
i got you for mexico im cool with the people there
Heyo new CBD oil . I feel so happy
Me attending my first Selena concert in heaven after WW3
When I think about life I get really hungry
Wow , I love I just won this for free , 20pc Hand Painted Nail Set ( ANY SHAPE / COLOR )
Every time Sleeping With Sirens comes on I think to myself "" damn this girl has a good voice . "" then I realize it's not a girl .
This is the best moment in television history
If you wanna know about where I live watch this
If someone could punch me on the face . I have so much to say . It's fucking taking over everything . Like im freaking the fuck out .
And no worries No Doubt ? ! Eff yeah !
aww really ! thats a shame . they need to make an apple jacks one !
Literally this is me cause we has the same b day . I am a saint .
The biggest prison people live in is the fear of what others think .
If I want anyone taking a shot its dempsey or Jones
How many people can $ 20 feed at Taco Bell ? I did it for Kidd . forkidd
Does your college have a view like this ?
RIP PrayersForNCTC PrayForNCTC NCTCSoftball for ever my babies . Fly high
Is this real life ? SOS
If you're going to a college known for its academics , be prepared because high school was a joke .
64 degrees Christmas Day . That is a Texas Christmas .
"" @SportsCenter : Pistons can't be stopped ! Beat Mavericks 108-95 Detroit is now 7-0 since waiving Josh Smith . respect
Facebook is down , but don't worry , everyone you went to high school with is still a stupid idiot
hahahaha this really is his fault
I stayed up way too late last night / this morning . I literally cried for 10 minutes because I thought I had a cavity but it was just pepper .
Daily overheard female conversations : "" You turned in your mission papers ! "" "" Turn in your papers yet ? "" "" When are you turning in your papers ? ""
143 of my 214 Quizlet cards are starred . Shiz .
I'll never not love Ann Romney . Goals
I mean , close enough
DeAndre Jordan not answering calls or text from Dallas . If your man enough to back out of a deal , be man enough to talk to
BYU beats Nebraska on Hail Mary with : 01 left ! Nebraska had won 29 consecutive season openers , longest active streak in
Make no mistake about it ! The Lord always directs His church . ldsconf
I make the meanest grilled cheese wifeme
Steve Harvey's word is still more reliable than DeAndre Jordan's
Mavs with a 39 point first quarter
No Seguin , no problem . Dallas cruises past Minnesota , 4-0 , in Game 1 to grab an early edge in the series .
not getting my hopes up though . Learned that the hard way
"" If you feel you're sinking , I will jump right over into cold , cold water for you . "" ~ JB sneakin in that gospel
is that HAO I see ? !
Leo and I are donating 6 lbs of dog food to Houston for every retweet this gets ! ! ! ! RT ! !
me too , I arrive 7 pm tomorrow ... you ?
Looks like your awesomeness rubbed off . Good game tonight .
Its not fake , its scripted WrestlingHumor Why is there a fake plant in the elevator ?
Baby please don't go . "" If you leave me now you'll take away the biggest part of me ... ""
We should just agree to call the dating section of Craigslist "" OK Stupid "" .
Definitely got love for ThePerm Also , I'm a follower that has explained "" The Perm "" to friends that love the Sox .
always has the best advice and words of wisdom . My followers ( basketball fans or not ) should follow X .
I just ousted as the mayor of Walgreens on
Team autograph signing tomorrow at the Maine Mall 4-5 PM . Some meet the Red Claws including our two new players !
Just one day left to bid on Jermaine Taylor's signed , game worn jersey !
Starters for your RedClaws Anderson Brooks Wright Osby Walker
Progression comes from persistence along with a lot of consistency ! Strive to be better than you were the day before . Why no
Tim Frazier with a triple double tonight a just the fifth in team history ! 18-10- 13 , Red Claws win
The have assigned Andre Dawkins and Phil Pressey to Maine for tonight's game with LetsGo
March 29th at 1pm Don't Miss Red Claws Fan Appreciation Game . Tickets available at 210-6655 or
. and getting All honors ! CrustaceanNation
9/22 is Fred Lynn Bobblehead Night & amp ; we want to give a few out right now ! for a chance to win . ThankYouSoxNation
A guy learns to love a girl without her Instagram filters . ExplainAFilmPlotBadly
this is the third year . Last year , I saw Godsmack headline it . Unfortunately it's on a work day this year
Jordan Mickey will not let you score in his paint
Celtics coach Brad Stevens : I can't imagine a better D-League relationship than ours w /
Ruby Tuesday is giving away thousands of rewards sometime soon including a $ 250 gift card ! RubyTuesdayQuikly
Top Gun Night at the Ballpark is Saturday . has a need for speed . via
It's a great day to come to Hadlock for a Sea Dogs Biscuit ! NationalIceCreamSandwichDay
& amp ; follow for a chance to win a Exclusive Black Suit Deadpool Dorbz !
Celtics assignee Jordan Mickey posted 21 points ( 10-18 FGs ) , 8 boards and 6 blocks for the Red Claws NBADL
What's better on Easter , than a Survivor easter egg ! ! It's not much but just sharing from the jungle .
Al Horford says of Isaiah Thomas , "" He gave us everything he had . I know that . I'm very proud of him . ""
Hope everyone had an awesome and safe 4th of July ! ! AmericaTheBeautiful
. @HelloNewmanBand will be performing pregame Thurs . as we celebrate 1997 Night . Break out the teal ! TBT
"" Coach just looked at me and said , Bird get Jaylen . All right . OK . Thats what I did .
It would be super awesome to snag TheGiftofSox in the form of some tickets for me and
I liked a video Silly Laci , There Is No Red Pill
Definitely not tired of all the winning ! Conservatism & amp ; traditional values always prevail ! MAGA Georgia Elections 2017
Bloody rare . WhiteGenocide nationalismus TravelBan MoslemBan MuslimBan Trump Immigration refugeeweek
It is almost as if .... CNNBlackmail CNNisISIS CNNDoxxing CNN FakeNews FakeNewsCNN fakenewsnetwork
Agreed , and Hillary's massive failure & amp ; defeat was a major blow to the feminists .
Teens filmed , mocked and laughed while man slowly drowned Race matters & amp ; blackcrime shows why whites have higher IQ
But having a great show about an alternate reality where Nazis won World War II is ok ? Get the fuck out of here . NoConfederate HBO MAGA
Debate is good , especially among the Conservative Pro-Trump groups . The Left has zero
It is very disturbing , it seems to be a thing on these dating apps . That trade is a deep rabbit hole of evil .
No it is a t
You libtards better hope the Second American CivilWar is avoided . If these libs are going to be fighti
"" Peace through violence ? "" These communist junkie pigs must be destroyed everywhere . ANTIFABoston AntifaViolence
China surpassing us in AI ? Nah . No Chinese have set foot on the moon & amp ; they cannot make a decen
Norway just elected the MOST right wing govt in NW Europe - - which includes more women in parliament than ever b4
History repeats itself ... Jews open the gates for the muslim invaders , and blame us for their persecution after . To
Then PuertoRico can stop leeching off federal benefits without paying taxes & amp ; become the 51st state .
Never trust a black . The African race is inferior in all ways . RaceRealism crime blackish WhiteLivesMatter
Grrr this sick pedo is literally in AZ "" rehabbing "" only miles away from me ! I can smel
Yes , ( ( ( controlled distraction ) ) )
Black LIES matter . Crime statistics matter . Race realism matters . crimestats WhiteLivesMatter BackTheBlue
This Saudi prince now owns more of Twitter than Jack Dorsey Follow the money especially with Muslims . Twitter
Probably , the Clinton globalist cabal is like the Mafia , it's for life .
I support our God Emperor but some of the AltRight clowns depicted are actually like that . Sellout
I was talking to the other antifa wimp . If DOTR comes in your lifetime , you'll undoubtably be taken prisoner .
Someone sounds jelly . She could ease up on the makeup , you have her beat there . Besides we all hav
So ? FREE SPEECH . Karma it's not that difficult to understand . It applies to everyone . And she has
Run forest run ! TomHanks PedoGate Pedowood Hollywood HollywoodStudios DrainTheDeepState DrainTheSwamp
"" Open to allowing . "" Save for ex-Muslims ( understandable due to security concerns ) Im filming who the
listening to the lady who lives above me stomp around as usual .
You dont have to accept things you are not okay with .
Love ya . You know you've been in my prayers
good for you ! ! I'll def be tuning in !
I just emailed one in and tweeted it too !
what the hell is a honey boo boo ? ?
oops ... forgot the visual !
bummer ! But theres always tomorrow
oh my dear boy ... just wait till it's 8 hrs a day which is 40 hrs a week ! ! ! And no summers off . ;)
I still have this !
I'm gonna ask my boss too ...
I said SOME of my favorite people . Not ALL ! ! ! Trouble maker ! !
ah you make an interesting point ..
I'm about to go pole dancing ! ! Good thing I'm drunk
I liked it . Crazy but good
if it was spam is be sending you naked pictures
can some one ask k to make me a grilled cheese & amp ; can u deliver it b ? ? ?
I have no idea what you're talking about
I bet that smelled so bad
lmao get it in bella ! ! ! !
I took a nap too it was amazing
sorry I just used the most recent tweet and replied
b wouldn't look at the camera
next year I'm driving the kids down for the day and seeing the lights with you
you guys are coming tonight right ? ?
MT @ReporterDMurray : How high is the water in Grand Rapids ? Fish are peeking in GRflooding Worst aquarium ever
WATCH : The Canada-U . S . Border Is Way Weirder Than You Thought via
The problem is everyone else that is working at the U today is taking the opportunity to pop in & amp ; chat . Love my colleagues but ...
Ill give you $ 5 as long it comes with a $ 10 Bigby's gift card
I'm at Osgood Brewing ( Grandville , MI )
I subbed in Jackson instead of Hilton about 4 pm . Glad I did ! Though still may lose this week . What time is your game Sat ? Home ?
looking at your ff points I think he did even though you should be getting coal
Reminder to Super Bowl party hosts today : Put everything in edible bacon bowls fb
Followers to RETWEET can win a limited edition OpeningDay bat from 130for130
Is anyone else running a student success algorithm who would be willing to share inputs ? highered emchat sachat
My college is definitely not as big or complex as UMich but our campus Vet groups have expressed concerns over fireworks
New blog from President Simon : "" It's on us to help stop relationship violence . All of us . "" ItsO
Laptop just crashed . I have had more issues w this computer than the 30 years I have had apple products combined
news : Time capsule gives 1916 view of St . Norbert College
When Rider won that ' 94 Slam Dunk contest for the Timberwolves , LaVine wasn't even born yet . Well that makes me feel young
"" Where do we learn that violence is an acceptable means of social control ? "" hooks sncbellhooks 15
attending my 1st game at TF . What should I see after the game ?
St . Norbert travels to UW-Whitewater for first-round NCAA Tournament game . Should be noon Saturday .
Just rooting for a good game today . Wrigley Field
what tips do you have for other beefy guys on how to swing around the tummy ? fatpeopleprobs
That was my yesterday for summer that campus will be alive again
Feel like I have been sitting in meetings with these too all week
or $ 50 if they watch the board mtg and sub committee mtgs each month
Any fool can criticize , condemn , and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving .
The NYT editorial board should note that Parent PLUS loans aren't eligible for the same IBR programs as other loans .
any word if Regatta 220 is being re-opened or rebranded ? With the weather turning warm I'm missing that space
Here's to the dads who don't get to watch golf with their families today .
Well this is going to inhibit production today . nointernet nosystem damnsquirrels St .
was just delivered . Crew is all here . Lets get our learning on
you make the best walktails
reunion tomorrow ! ! ! !
stream acoustic version of "" Strange Harvest "" at + buy the digital 7 "" today via
' that guy right there is my nemesis ' - the guy who lives on our stoop sux
dude stop , just stop too much IS NENE INVOLVED
my ultimate 12 year old fantasy was to have a 3some w / JT and Nick Carter but like WHO DIDN'T WANT THAT
[ totally favorited ] ARMS - Comfort by on SoundCloud
looking for contact info , hitting them up rn
joining Tinder rn see u there
are u kidding me obviously
they have to begrudge the fact that you shoved their jealousness , lack of faith and spite right back in their fucking hater faces
yo is hitting up tonight w show 9pm SUPER STOKED rly into it
fuck that was a fun read ( my mom & amp ; I just read it together drunk )
u can't just say words
did u know honey boo boo's niece has an extra thumb
Makthaverskan officially drops "" No Mercy "" with announcement of US release + Q & amp ; A with
Tempers are playing a show at 5/1
"" Makthaverskan really don't sound like many other groups at the moment ""
rap rock video girls are so cool
sounds like the absolute best way to spend your bday good call
naw dude it was like heavy , grandma's house peppermint not like qt peppermint
picking up my iPhone 6 and Adderall today bc I am a Millennial
formal emails are the fucking worst , this isn't 17th century England
OH YEAH I've read shit about that one that's one of the BIG ones , whoa
why do people think its super lols to be an adult baby ? I'm sorry you didn't develop critical life skills , hope it gets better .
Watch El Perro Del Mar's "" In the Woods "" video , and hear her new single "" Breadandbutter ""
I reached a new TrueAchievement Milestone : 90,000 GamerScore -
I won 29 achievements in Pictionary : Ultimate Edition for 836 TrueAchievement points -
I completed the game Harm's Way -
55yd field goal is GOOD for B . Walsh ! Loving it
I completed the game Carcassonne ( WP ) -
can I unlock the top 250 achievement if I'm on the leaderboard for the day ?
I won 4 achievements in 2 games for 94 TrueAchievement points -
I won the Drop it like it's hot achievement in Tetris Blitz ( WP ) for 21 TrueAchievement points -
congrats ! ! There is hope
I won the I Will Avenge You , Father ( Legendary ) achievement in Ryse : Son of Rome for 10 TrueAchievement pts -
me too . Ita getting old working out for 40 minutes , having a 5 star session and it dashboarding and losing it
I complain because they said they wouldn't force dlc purchase and then they did
you didnt kiss her on the lips ... I heard divorce coming soon lol
I won 6 achievements in Halo : The Master Chief Collection for 241 TrueAchievement pts -
I won 3 achievements in Make It Rain : The Love of Money ( WP ) for 30 TrueAchievement pts -
I won the Not a Scratch achievement in Halo : Spartan Strike ( WP ) for 20 TrueAchievement pts -
Sam hunt also wrote Kenny Chesney's hit "" come over ""
any chance we can talk to Sakic about how much of a mistake trading Duchene would be ?
That could cherry pick teams
In Oklahoma , Earthquakes and Lawsuits Keep Increasing via climateprogress
New photo ! from in do you like this ?
IIIN WAAAAAVES ! ! trivium inwaves live
Check out the new Mayhem with on the cover ! updateUpdates ?
Pro-Shot Footage Of Trivium's 2014 ' Graspop Metal Meeting ' Set Available :
Trivium Down From The Sky Official Music Video metal Trivium
Who's checked out the new track with from iTunes :
Trivium's Matt Heafy Joins Volbeat in ' Evelyn ' Video
Remember when I posted a picture of diffusing motivation ? I cleaned 3 rooms in 2 hours yesterday ! gogogadgetoils !
Why hydrogenate your water ? Watch Benefits of Hydrogen By Carrie Liebich on Vimeo
This is awesome news . Yay ! ! ! ! ! ! !
For anyone who uses Honest Company Wipes .
Help ! My hair is too long ! ! ! ! It's everywhere and I'm hating all the care it needs . I hate brushing it . It's ...
20 % off ! ! Contact me to signup and get your oils at a discount ! This is incredible ! ! Three days only !
I need some Graphic Design work by blueoctopus HI , this isn't a big task . I just need two boxes
Harry Styles fell spectacularly onstage , and the internet was on it :
Hillary is a danger to our country ! What the hell is the FBI waiting for ? ! HillaryForPrison ht
I missed your new son Hillary !
No beer , no hot dogs at Cuba baseball games . Just government-made crackers and onion puffs . MLBinCuba
your on a roll today !
The fight is against Hillary ! If the GOP or anyone else makes a 3rd party & amp ; those who vote for that 3rd is a Vote for Hillary neverhilliary
When you have been waiting in the car for long for someone you forgot what they looked like !
Why don't you start your morning with real question on
Trump : Hillarys Emails Are Watergate All Over Again [VIDEO]
oh Fuck no ! I can't stand her ! She should be in Jail !
Back to bed , HackingHillary
because you try to stay a Gentleman
Different shaped ears ears and noses ? One is Hillary before the fall , one after . HillarysBodyDouble HillarysHealth ht
2 rushed for 40 yards . Alright Jacoby I see you
If you think the isn't sitting on more October Surprise docs to help Hillary later this month I have a bridge to sel
Maybe I'll go back to bed
cleaning out the basement and I think we found the lost minutes from Watergate keepthatitsworthmoney
This is really uncalled for ! This is why I need to really carry !
Active shooter alert at Ohio State . Hold on to your hats .
One score game . Come on
I'm so sorry sending all my prayers !
An immediate strike against the airfield that launched the gas attacks is a good first step . What follows is the big questi
did you see the 13th Doctor ?
Want a w / PumpkinSpice & amp ; Espresso ? That's going to cost you other places . See what you could save at Cumby's : h
Good guy with a gun . It's Texas
I love this ! If you haven't already , please check out Diane's galleries ~
Good stuff , Jerry !
Walleye Fishing on the Detroit River & amp ; Lake St . Clair : via
I really need to find a job . help whoshiring
When my mom asks me about old friends
Someone had to say it
You know I won't be no stick figure silicone Barbie doll , so if that's what you're into then go ahead and move along .
"" @iadorewomen_ : Smh ...
It doesn't matter how fleek your eyebrows are if you have a shitty personality no one is gonna give you their time
I'm letting God handle all things
Right quick check : is everyone OK ? Are you all still breathing ? ARE YOU ALRIGHT DragMeDown
And what's worse is that it's an absolute normality . Even for me .
TeamBob in the house ! RT / Fav for DragRace
I absolutely cannot stand Tomi Lahren .
when people treat you like shit and get shocked when theyre out of your life :
The "" cash me outside "" memes stopped being funny a week ago . Enough people .
She wore a smile like a loaded gun . Atticus basic
Well . That's a pleasant surprise .
i killed a man on twitter time and aggravation he is a man who has a twitter time for me to be my brother came my d
imy we're gonna hang out soon but mrs redners was lit w u and aden
A girls virginity is not a fucking prize . & amp ; when she does share her body it's on her fucking terms . She isn't losing a damn
. @Uber please help my driver just picked me up in a cowboy santa hat , drove erratically and then tried to finger me ! ! ! t
pyramids by frank . do i cry or fuckin dance right now
the drummer from twenty one pilots is so talented
Korean-Nigerian model Han Hyun Min is only 16 AND THE FIRST EVER KOREAN-AFRICAN MODEL , AMAZING LOOK AT THIS BEAUTY
You Smoke Weed And Sip Cough Syrup ? You Are So Cool , Damn , You Reek Of Swag .
aww well ur my sweetest girl ! ! !
still the best team in the state hornsup hrhsnews
Amazing to meet you beautiful people tonight ... thank you for everything x
if you're talking to * * * * * , then why are u grabbing my ass ? ?
if Trump should go .
3 years ago i DMed a girl on here . 3 years later we have each other blocked and this is a random pic i found on google
i am ugly ? yes . buuuuuut do i hve a gr8 personality tht makes up for it ? haha no , im a depressed bitch who sucks the lif
THIS MAD ME LAUGH I LOVE THIS
Stopped to clean his sign . Nothing but respect for my president .
can i have your attention for just 5 seconds so you too can appreciate my girl's beauty as much i do
i'm such a happy lil egg
Dexter Pottinger , Jamaican gay activist , designer , and face of Jamaica Pride 2017 , was found murdered in his home yesterday .
if you photoshop my face onto sarahs head it looks exactly like post malone and i think thats beautiful
wait wheres the grand canyon - bargeloh
i feel like that video of the girl having a nervous breakdown right now but on a constant loop and with louder screaming
Grrr . Why can't I update my background image ? This is not my best day ever !
Slept ALOT . Feeling pretty decent .
Aww . Cute ! I want Posie back . I still have dreams of her crawling out of the grave and standing next to me . Not in a bad way .
Hungry and bored . Need more nutters !
Why do the people on Hoarders have to be so fat ? It makes fat people look bad . And trust me , we don't need any help .
Also i am a tween .
Not even 10am and I have a 57 yr old newlywed asking for my digits and trying to wrap his arm around my waist . Wut . \ _ ( ) _ / .
I'm coming . Just don't cancel my birthday concert at the VFW .
You do so good by me . Shit is creepy . Grow a dick for this slit girl .
If this storm knocks out my iMessage SO HELP ME GOD ! ! !
Hey ! is awesome . You should check out their giveaway !
I CAN WAIT TO EAR BREAKFAST AT TIFFANYS
that smiling vacuum gonna watch
If Jeb gets into office will it officially be a dynasty ?
Get a $ 100 Sam's Club Gift Card - Get your card - ( 1 ) per person
Want to cut calories and sugar without compromising on taste ? Try Pepsi NEXT on for size ( and flavor ) . imabzzagent
I reviewed Campbell's Go ( TM ) soup . What do I think ? Get the scoop : GotItFree
Track your sleep patterns w / SleepNumber SleepIQ ! Like on FB 4 chance 2 win a bed freesamp
So excited to try all these flavors ! SteadyEnergy GotItFree
Please keep up with our latest response status on the Moore tornado
Fight the good fight of the faith . Take hold of the eternal life to which you were called . - 1Tim 6:12
Check out a few youth and young adult options for summer mission teams : umc
Thanks for sharing your communications dreams with us ! Keep the conversation going , and we'll be back June 10 for our next ch
My connection to God allows me to create all the good in my live .
Why increase legal immigration by 50 % as Gangof 8 requests ? - - Labor participation rate lowest since 1979
I think after my long ride along the river I shall sleep well tonight my foot hurts a bit but other that i am fine still have told my mom ...
"" You have all you need to be who you are , who He wants you to be . "" inumcfyp inac 13 faith
Oklahoma climbs back after multiple tornadoes
Student loan rate likely to double Monday from 3.4 % to 6.8 % because of stalemate in Congress
What does the Liberty Bell have to do with the Hebrew Bible ? Candler's Jacob Wright wrote about it .
Can a church for non-believers work ? Is it church ? Is it the future of Christianity ? Your thoughts ?
Just planted some leftover basil seeds from AC in some offices around the building . Can't wait for
really awful last 24 hours someone attacked me I do not know while walking late night going to the post office & amp ; I was victim of hit & amp ; run !
Give your Christian faith a workout this week as the series shows the actions of worship .
Allen Bower , young adult missionary serving in Albany , reflects on the Zimmerman verdict .
Going live with Beth Ludlum for hangout on and connections between youth and college ministries .
Today we celebrate the anniversary of and mark our enduring commitment to the Americans with Disabilities Act .
I never want to drive from mmumc or au to Fort worth again non stop left dc two pm Sunday home like eleven am this morning to fort worth
I posted a new photo to Facebook
United Methodists reaching out to rape survivors in Congo umc
Organization plan OKd for new Great Plains Conference umc
I am so behind papers due Monday & amp ; Tuesday & amp ; two papers due Wed does Dallas have a bridge I can jump off now I am so over my head it seems ..
New poll shows FL13 as top six pick up in country ! TheFightIsOn ImWithJessica . Join us on facebook and RT :
I got Bill Clinton ! Which U . S . President Are You ? via
I got : Winter ! What Season Suits You Best ? via
I'm using The Weather Channel to donate mPOINTS to the You can too :
The first snow of season ...
Don't hate what you don't understand .
CocoPPa Play Popular Fashion Style ! [ MyCode : 6097449 ] CocoPPaPlay
World suicide Prevention Day ! Don't give up ! I love you all
For the first time in a while im wearing my seat belt . Please dont let me die today "" pieceofshittruck
well wheres your ink then :p 1 tat = millions of injections
they didn't pause kotr on the last maintenance break they did
Had these during Halloween . They're amazing
I need a snow blower
I hate it when I'm tired but not drowsy , want to read but my eyes are gritty , allergy season sucks .
My house is now level 4 in Design This Home ! Get Design This Home for FREE here : DesignThisHome
Baby meerkats at the Oakland Zoo , w / video
The ProBook is an excellent tool for a team on the go . You could win one by this message ! CDWbus
Use my referral code ! ! ! jss 22726 May 26 05:31 : 40 PM rageofbahamut
Check out Atlantic City's amazing Winter Sweet 3D Light Show ! crowdtappers DOAC happyholidays
I just hit big on BingoBash Fortune Wheel
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Weather Channel .
By silencing Elizabeth Warren , the GOP gave women around the world a rallying cry . ShePersisted LetLizSpeak
The Christian faithful are also obliged to promote social justice and , mindful of the precept of the Lord , to assist the
Let us follow in the footsteps of Christ , especially by dedicating ourselves to our brothers and sisters in need .
Lie on your citizenship form about a nickname , get deported . Lie on your security clearance form about contact with Rus
Never stop retweeting ... Accurate
I entered a giveaway for a chance to win "" Official GT Hover GTS Hoverboard 8.5 "" - UL2272 ... "" by GT Hover . giveaway
Bear rescued from fire , won't let go of his hero !
A Chance to Win a Gorgeous 3d Unicorn Bedding Set ! giveaway
Sigils and Spells : An Urban Fantasy Collection ! Win Dark Witch by Nora Roberts ! giveaway
If you Google the term "" train wreck "" my picture comes up
she's so ugly and betrays Carrie in the movie , literally no one likes her ( except this dick )
40 lbs on the leg press 40 ? Awww that's impressive ....
sry for giving my twitter fans a vivid description of the scene
I will NEVER understand a girl that stays with her boyfriend after realizing that he cheated on her , how can you have such low self-respect ?
Okay Ladies ... check out this super-cute photo of preparetoswoon
VMA's Barak get with it
LMAO STOPPPPP that creeped me tf out
THERES GOING TO BE A TOY STORY 4 THIS IS NOT A DRILL
This isn't rain . It's the tears I'm crying bc of my hangover from hell
He can't catch a break lmfao
Happy birthday to my best friend and roommate , I'm beyond lucky to have your monotone ass
you should've told us mike and I would've came
So freggin pumped to see Nicki & amp ; Meek on Friday PNC who's with me ! ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? ? ! ! ! ? ! ! ! ! ! ! ? ! ! ? ! ? ! !
Anna just thought of something in her head , laughed out loud about it , and then started crying ... by herself ... at her own silent thought ....
I need someone to understand the excitement I go through when an Office character appears on the Mindy Project ...
Cue random , uncalled anxiety righttttttttttt now
My appendix coordinated w Netflix ensuring that my recovery would be aligned with the OITNB premiere , allowing for proper binge watching
long thread but I was dyin this bitch Tina I can't
you bought cheese for a funny tweet ?
BIG Happy Birthday to the man with the best HAIR in the North , West & amp ; South , my Brother ReaperCrew
did you just spell "" perform "" wrong in a tweet my woman Celine ? ? ?
I love that 1 of your 7 annual tweets is always for me
"" For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness . "" Ralph Waldo Emerson
"" At first dreams seem impossible , then improbable , then inevitable . "" - Christopher Reeve
Own your life . Ask me how .
Never , never , never gave up .
I love this post .
HEALTH FACT : Healthcare costs related to obesity were estimated at $ 147 billion alone in 2011 .
Created the most classic cartoon characters in history with his imagination .
Click here to start creating your success story !
Check out Traci's amazing Plexus weight loss story . She lost over 30 pounds and 6 sizes ! Incredible ...
Never be afraid to fail .
Failure brings you closer to success
This drink is so delicious ! Great way to start the morning . bellyfatchallenge plexus natashareddickdotcom
Never too big for your daddy to hold you when you are sick , the hardest part is trying to convince a 3 year old ...
"" Things do not happen . Things are made to happen . "" - John F . Kennedy
Own your life . Ask me how .
Fence sitting can be hazardous ..... Get off that fence and go ahead and try Plexus ! We have a back to school ...
Whether it's really national Daughter's day or not , I look for any reason to share pictures of these girls . These ...
Did you know that the average American has up to 20 pounds of toxic waste ( POOP ) trapped in their digestive ...
My uncle had his 18ft landscaping trailer stole today from his yard between 1 - 3 pm on Old River Road . It says ...
I just finished paying my residual bills ! That residual income sure comes in handy ;)
A prayer from my husband changed the entire course of my day . thankyouhoney youweremadeforme anxietyisnofun
Between my back being hurt and Lanee Grace having horrible growing pains , these 2 products have been our Saving ...
She's an excited little girl ! sosimplea 5yearoldcandoit
All of my children were born by c-section and I didnt know that babies who are born via c-section miss out on ...
why . do i keep reading the worst fics that make me suffer
"" en espaa tenemos cosas buenas a veces ""
ppl just don't appreciate olive oil here :(
i'm glad everyone's getting my terrible postcards ! ! i'll probably write the ones i didn't actually send from spain during vacation next week
oh my god are u watching that movie with the boob aliens
i need to make myself go to sleep and not finish the book tonight bc i know i'll cry and everything will be worse if it's 3 am
it saves all the time and effort and potential annoyance to your followers of seeking out bigots on twitter dot com !
my alarm didn't go off for some reason but fortunately there was my dad yelling at football to wake me up
the pastor during the ceremony : Words his friends would use to describe jason : kind , gentle , nascar ,
um goals . what kind of tree is this & amp ; where . i want 2 live on the moon with a tree tf
i love my skeletal turtle abyssrium
was the dreamers supposed to have subtitles for the french bc the more i watched the more it seemed like youd miss if u don't speak french ?
kinda wish someone had told me there was animal death and teeth stuff bc those are the 2 things i don't fuck with but
PSA : Obey horror movie rules when 2016 dies : Don't say "" we got it "" or "" it's over "" Check if it's behind you Check if it possess
Congratulations to whoever is doing the PR for rats
my ell teaching trainer started off the class by swearing at us in swedish
she was gossiping abt it like O M G PEOPLE have STICKY FINGERS you would not BELIEVE . she's deadass just in it for the drama
i really want to read call me by your name but is it worth buying it ( i'd have to order ) or should i just find an epub
* * * * * * * * : u can clock in 15 min before you're scheduled and u have a 5 min window before you're tardy ,
i can't believe insulting me with his geographical proximity wasn't enough now he must invade my sacred bird website
all the time all the time
i was off my meds for almost a week bc i was too anxious to call the pharmacy lmao anyway i love being alive again
i'm gonna rent a 100 year old house with 2 friends i'm so excited
HAHAA I WAS TOO LATE THIS IS ALL THATS LEFT ON THEIR BLOG
i'm gonna color my hair again but i still have no idea what exactly i'm doing pls share your thoughts
at this point in my life who knows if i'll ever make it back to salamanca again and that's pretty much my biggest c
rule 1 : don't get drunk and hurt yourself lighting off fireworks
HappyMonday thanks for being top influencers - have a great week :) ( via
At this stage in life , I ain't into getting to know any woman extensively if she doesn't have intentions of being my wife ! ! !
Lol it was AMAZING you really seemed into it lol
"" The less you want , the richer you are . The more you need in order to be happy , the more miserable you'll be . "" - Yanni
Say it with me .. I will reach my goals I will reach my goals I will reach my goals I will reach my goals I will
Yes I felt something also when I heard the national anthem being sung but when I saw the eagle I was - HtoWn ...
Every successful person has a painful story . Every painful story has a successful ending . Accept the pain and get re
OMG MY HEART THAT SMILE
When the end piece he passes you is all torn apart
The most heartwarming thing I've even seen
Start where you are . Use what you have . Do what you can .
I spend all night overthinking .
Enjoy the little things in life , because one day you will look back , and realize they were the big things .
A beautiful white peacock opening feathers
Yall my littlest dog tries so hard to get up on the couch
Never blame anyone in your life . Good people bring you happiness , bad people being you experience .
My worst fear is losing you .
Great things happen when you distance yourself from all the negative people .
im not afraid to try again . im just afraid of getting hurt for the same reason .
Be with someone who is proud to have you .
Most of the strongest & amp ; most beautiful ppl are the ones who have been thru a lot . Theyve suffered , struggled , failed , & amp ;
Sometimes you just need to distance yourself from people . If they care , they'll notice . If they don't , you know where you st
I'm learning all about St . Ives Blemish
New coupon from Forever 21
Rugged Monkey makes the best beard balm for a mansface .
carcharger is a slick black charger this has dual port's so that you can charge more than one device at a time extremely nice .
Happy to save on travel accessories I got on via
2 Matte Black Powder Coated Aluminum License Plate Frame with Black ScrewCaps
Premium Non-Slip Anti-Bacterial Wear Resistant BathMat
KPTEC Indoor Amplified HDTV VHF / UHF TV Antenna for Home Digital TV Reception with Built-in
Eat healthier without giving up the types of foods you love . Contest -
Only 20 minutes more .. yippeeee
There is a new Buffalo Wild Wings in BTV ... silly .
Just finished The Fighter ... best movie I have seen since The Hurt Locker . I love a good movie that makes you feel something , not just watch
Clearly a must listen afternoon ! Looks like is in with me today . I hope everyone likes Star Wars Blu Ray talk ! ! !
is one of my favorites .. Saw them opening for a few years ago .. Solid stuff .
Any word on L . Blount ? Heard nothing of his status after he left ?
this if you would like to see a season 2 of Buckwild ;)
Gimme that if you're ready for Buccaneers football ! Cannon fire vs . Musket fire ... no question . Go Bucs ! itsabucsli
Rob Van Dam reminds me of Mickey Rourke in "" The Wrestler "" . I swear he looks like he could keel over at any point .
Ready to press play on this VuduViewingParty RogueOne
Saturday , 2/21 / 09 Nose's first solo show Mew Gallery Philadelphia with chunes from ya boy get up innit
Dubstep show TONIGHT in the dirty south Philly , GNARWHALE N FRIENDS BREAK BASS
Hello hidden sticker , I wanta donut
aahhaha let's go againnnnnn WHER U AT ?
Did you know bolt bus has an open bar ? COURTESY OF MY BACKPACK
If I never have to go to 1301 Filbert again it will be too soon .
Go to any page on aa.com ( other than the homepage ) and click the logo . 404 . Stay classy , American Airlines .
heee has no idea we're talking about him ! davedaniel
' s Night of the Living Dubstep set for download + Big Noise pix : ...
TONIGHT ! MAD DECENT MONDAY OVERLOAD w / & ...
Ray's advice to the hoodrats running amok outside our house , "" START SMOKING OR TAKE UP ANOTHER HOBBY . "" ( via )
Phonographic ! going IN after a set and a half from
both ! You the bet . Say hi to Bennie for me
Once backwards compatability comes out on the XB1 the Xbox 360 will be obsolete
Besides better graphics , what changes each year between sports video games ?
I'll fight you irl loser
Reminder : never make fun of someone who is learning something new .
God fucking forbid anyone look around and notice the natural world when they're supposed to be making the boss richer ht
DRose is playing . Bulls ( After a 4 game absence , Derrick Rose is back )
Arango es pretendido por la Juventus y el United
Aqu esta mi tweet , 000 para ti Te quiero negro
Grandes X7 "" @SamsGrisanti : Win ""
Tengo un problema con mi equipo movistar zte grand xm , me dice que el IMEI es invalido . Que hago ?
Im entering to win a sodastream click this link to enter too
egghunting egghunting egghunting egghunting egghunting egghunting egghunting egghunting hoping and egghunting
im gonna keep tweeting till you reply :)
Check out this smart Chicken Parm recipe made with PERDUE SIMPLY SMART Chicken . promotion -
I managed to finish the Come Back to Me from the Clouds assignment ! Try it for yourself ! GameInsight ...
Uncle Lior is an excellent conversation partner ! Check it out for yourself ! iPad GameInsight
The wait is finally over
End of the first and BU is leading 1-0
Just caught the preview of the new season of True Blood . Looks great !
Mary Travers of the folk group Peter , Paul and Mary has died at age 72 , her publicist says .
I wish I could . Somehow , it is MY fault clients are not coming and I need to call them and somehow make them come to appointments .
Finds VERY interesting people when i make a late night to the local fast food joint . lol
Well it is about time : goodbye gary ! CelebrityApprentice
so what is your favorite TZ episode ? mine is "" night call "" .
Looks Good ! ! ! I got a little closer ... ^ BISH
Twitter = the new way to public IM ..... justsayin '
I think some people talk crap to just to get a response or get him to follow them .
To anyone that follows me on Twitter Please help RyanKennedy get his wish to Trend on Twitter . He is 9 yrs old and battling brain cancer
yay for the free starbucks birthday drink . yum pumpkin spice latte .
big thanks to for the loved the show with and
We had such a blast today at Thanks for coming out to the Revolution panel . SXSW SXgood
Donnie Wahlberg and Jenny McCarthy Tie the Knot via
Nikon Photography School Comes to Nashville January 30th - February 1st via
Country musicians and their endorsements via
Ink-N-Iron coming to Music City via
Changes come to Nashville Christmas Parade via
big and rich on stage now campnash fontanel
All presidents , in spite of their beliefs , policies and ideas , have been my president because I respect the office . I am
sad to hear that james neal will be leaving the but will be watching to see how well he does as a Vegas Golden Knight .
I think you are special !
Landed a job ! winning
This week in tech news : wicker - good for baskets ?
be sure to stop cutting teacher pay ! And give them the national board bonus you promised them ! All they do is give ! !
we have , but it's a pay channel , why ? Also , sorry I didn't call this weekend , we were moving shit all weekend !
Newt Gingrich has Lego Man Hair . CnnDebate
Its raining its pouring , Liz and Jess are scoring , Betos saves , the Guard raves and Seattle reigns in glory ! TAO LETIT
flights are cheap right now
we need you pen taking skills !
Sorry Ted ... We don't bang sheep up here . Sorry to disappoint you . NYvalues GOPDebate
TheResistance SwingLeft Indivisible WhyIMarched FeministToDoList What to do next ? Swing left .
This literally proves Mr Branson isn't telling the truth . Anyone would think the Branson family donate to the Tories .
Posting without comment . There's really nothing left to say at this point .
I'm ready for this upset . AlabamaSenateElection
America , If you only vote for one President this year , make it
Royals win 10-1 ! gets the win . The 10 runs are second-most by KC on Opening Day ( 11-2 vs . Toronto in 1979 ) .
* Colin Powell writes an email * "" Hi . I thought you might like specific details on how I feel about every human on Earth . ""
Most of parenting is figuring out how long you have to wait before throwing stuff away .
Thanks also for the private donations ! Don't forget your designated school can win an ...
I LOVE THIS DARNED SONG OMG .
I wish that i can take a journey through your mind and find emotions that u always try to hide babe ;)
And i forgot my headphones :(
Just remember u told me to leave u alone ^_^
I swear its the Ci stans that been ridin for her since day one that never gets any love / recognition . MyMindIsBoggled
Girl im jk dang !
Mr . Lofton almost took my phone from me today .
I can tell the real from the fake .
I swear when it rains it pours .
All this retarded ass lingo people like to make up be gettin on my nerves .
I do not feel like going to church tonight but I need to anyways .
He so sexy ..... and his voiceee omg
You're different and i like different :)
When Jesus is the foundation nothing will fail .
Im trying to embrace my natural beauty , but weave is so much easier to deal with .
People don't know the half of it .
My mom is a VERY strong woman .
I tired of eating the same foods . I wanna try some food from different cultures .
Omg his neck did a 360
Some people wish they could live in your shoes . Be Thankful !
Ill have to respectfully disagree with you on that ;-)
lol Ellen you are so funny , Its perfect
Freedom is meaningless if people cannot put food in their stomachs , if they can have no shelter , if illiteracy & amp ; disease
him crying from happiness in the bat suit with Tom and Donna , is one of my favorite scenes ever . TreatYoSelf
her body is incredible ! ! ! ! ! ! ! What I would give to have 1/4 of that
Akon ... who ? Haven't heard shit From him In years ...... lol
bought myself tix to your Detroit show april 30th 4 my birthday ! We are gunna ROCK the D ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Bad Boy Bill taking over Mynt Nov MI ! Tix are $ 10 from me , $ 20 at door , IF not sold out.ME SSAGE ME 4 tix
It's so hot I'm melting
ikr i've been looking for one to fit my new phone for like two months i'm so happy !
GO LOOK ! ! !
I'm not really sure what Dean Winchester / Jensen Ackles is but it's something very similar to the sun
jennacoleman you make me smile
Felicia Day fav'd my tweet brb dying
Someone get a band-aid for my heart
Divided we fall . CaptainAmericaCivilWar
The signs as characters : Pisces - Lydia Martin
Good luck PearlMackie NewCompanion DoctorWho she's got big shoes to fill .
I BOUGHT THE THING . Now I'm super excited !
The answer is : a pink umbrella ! via BackToHogwartsSweepstakes
Me : make up is kinda a take it or leave it thing N : make up is everything Me :
jenna coleman , everyone's favorite unproblematic bean who gets too excited over starbucks and has a backpack with her i
Happy Thanksgiving ! ! !
When Shadowhunters is on and Malec is trending and you're like ... WHERE IS MY PARABATAI ? ! ?
Two years ago today , we lost Leonard Nimoy LLAP StarTrek Spock
looking being all successful like ...
Maui film festival continues . hawaii 007
Karen Gillan , Michael Rooker and Pom Klementieff show off their dance moves via on Instagram ! KarenGillan
Sure ! Go ahead as long as you credit me !
Are you kidding my mom would 4sure be there lmao but we would probably get to be alone too ! Would be our choice !
When you get a bubble mailer to send your bff's Xmas presents in but they don't fit ...
LOOK AT OUR MULAN IM IN TEARS
In less than a week , the Doctor Who universe will have said goodbye to Peter Capaldi , Pearl Mackie , Steven Moffat , and M
Cheerleaders have invaded Disney World . This is not a good thing .
Chillin ' on the Vineyard . I love my family .
Clone Wars ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Work finally upgraded to Office 07 . Can't wait for the howls of confusion cascading across the building on Monday .
FREE ! Advanced proof copies of STORIES , by "" A Who's Who of contemporary literature "" to first 50 RT ( include
COMPLETELY know the feeling .
That's what I felt like on the way to Chillicothe .
So it's your fault .
Heading to lunch now . Where we meeting ?
Just made it , thanks . And if I may make a recommendation , don't watch Blair Witch while camping . I didn't sleep much that night
Children are being introduced to Darkseid in the guise of Sir Topham Hat . babysitting
It's Touch a Truck Day everyone !
So , so wrong .
Hey join me and my boys for the Father's Day Catch tomorrow afternoon at GABP ! Thanks !
And yet Granderson may actually look worse .
If CBS had a sense of humor , they would put on HEIDI until the power came back .
One less pitcher or Hannahan and let Izturis play all IF ? Paul and Heisey seem too valuable as PHs .
. @OfficialMLBShop Can we finally get a ASG shirt for kids ?
Has Aaron Harrison hit the rim in the last five minutes ?
Please , I need my username disassociated from my phone because of a factory reset . Email support slow to respond . Gdwiz
We've got 4 different WorldSeries posters sitting here . No clue what they look like , but hey , want one ? for your chance
I'm so confused by your timeline . Why should Trump lying about the widow of Justin Timberlake keep Ja
yay ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
At a protest in Calgary for Bill C - 51 the people just want Firefly back !
for a chance to win a BOX OF SURPRISES from the Bad Robot Workshop !
Check out the InfluensterHoliday Countdown to win amazing prizes this December !
She is one with NYCC . NYCC is one with her . Meet Felicity Jones Friday at NYCC :
This account "" livetweets "" WWII , but it feels a little close to home , you know ?
' you mean , bigotry is so embedded in our disciplines we might actually have to REVISE THE WAY WE STUDY THINGS AND REVISIT
So , you have players ' location data and you could use your platform for good by warning them of major
Mavis Staples Wonders , ' If All I Was Was Black '
Why is this man shouting ?
Aw , hell , no
Grrrlzines , continuation of a long tradition offeministalternative and grassroots publishing womensart
a cat sitting on the side of a building
Trumps FCC Commissioner Calls on Apple to Activate iPhone FM Antennas That No Longer Exist
Other ways of living are possible . Poets have never stopped imagining them .
No longer even need a religious reason ... Trump administration rolls back ACA contraception mandate via
Another Life Tip : you can use a third party tweet client app and live your life without promoted tweets entirely .
What have you done today to learn about a marginalized community you are not part of ? How have you centered their experiences over your own ?
Men's rights movement Wikipedia article edited anonymously from US House of Representatives
The United Nations was established OTD in 1945 , ratifying its Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948 .
Coming out as a gay man is not the same thing as coming out as someone who preyed on a 14 - year-old . Conflating those things is
If I never see / hear the phrase "" fingered Sessions "" again , it will be much too soon .
I've shared this before , but it's time to share it again . This is the lens many experience the world through .
Same , but I came here for comics writers
These three ladies are the first Nigerian Women's bobsled team to qualify for the Winter Olympics ! This will mark the
QUICK BEAUTY TIP FOR LADIES : Decrease fine lines and under eye bags by not doing emotional labor for men today .
this always makes me think of the great Stephen Jay Gould quote : "" I am , somehow , less interested in the weight and convolutio
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an NYCC 2017 exclusive flocked Lockjaw Pop !
hello yes where do I get the whole "" Social Cues "" extension on this whole human thing I would like to make people feel go
Inbox : atlmayor candidate says , if elected on Tuesday , and will lead her trans
TODAY'S DEBATE : What does it mean for a woman when her husband keeps his own surname ?
Re LRT , you can learn a lot being quiet and letting loud fools go about their business . Like , secret agent levels of learning .
Bannon being a low-down , no-account , piece of literal human garbage has not on damn thing to do with him being from away .
Btw , this tweet remains live :
I burn bridges everyday cause i know how to swimmm . Stop fuckinnnn playin with me
Y'all don't got shit ..
I J U S T W A N T T O T H A N K G O D F O R E V E R Y T H I N G . RETWEET IF YOU
"" What the fuck is going on like fr ""
When I say Hip Hop , you say Harry .. Hip Hop .. HARRY
Don't ever in ya life come at Niecey Nash
didn't know niggas like this exist
Rt ... if u trust in God
Need a new job ... new car ... new place ... new money
How u feel when u rap a whole verse word for word
Yes . Yes tf we are
Lmfaooooooo Im never deleting this app
Niggas expect you to pull this out when they ask where the hoes at ?
Babe I gotta tell you something but dont get mad .. First of all , Im already mad since you told me to not get mad
Im so pretty . my aura is pretty . my soul is pretty . everything about me is pretty .
if my nigga aint curvin bitches like this yall can have em
When Kodak said "" You ain't even showing me the love you say you got me for me "" I felt that shit
But the thing is ..... Y'ALL ARE LYING LMFAOOOOOO
Shes not excited enough . I dont like this energy .
niggas that put their pride aside > > >
WHY THE FUCK IS IT SO SHORT WHERE'S THE REST OF THE FAM I WAITED 87 YEARS
What kind of parent names their kid black Chicago student
Grandma shes Pescatarian IDC what church she goes to , tell her go in there and fix her a plate if she wanna eat ht
the best thing i did was learn to stop fighting for someone who was okay with losing me
I interrupt your day to bring you one of the best videos ive seen online in a while . now this is a shift .
Bitch why are you still texting him ? Delete that shit .
ahhh why they kill it thou ? ! ?
ever put when all u really did was breathe through your nostril a little harder
Gut feeling tells me the Stros '
... had to keep a few for myself , if you claim he's as good as you say . You PC him for a reason ... lol
BOOOOOOOOMMMMMMM ! ! ! ! ! Cutch ! ! ! ! ! ! A three-run BOMB ! ! ! 8-6 Pirates . - RI
I would literally Sprint over there for these from right field entrance , but I know I wouldn't make it in time ... bummer
Still undecided on where to take my wife on our 3yr anniversary ...
About 35 % complete with my 17 ' Gypsy Queen set ... including SP's ! Any help ? ! Hook a brotha up ! RT !
Will do ... with the raised rates and longer time frames , I doubt anyone will anymore . Sucks !
Wow , I love I just won this for free , 2016 DONRUSS OPTIC STEPHEN PISCOTTY ROOKIE CARD
Starting the moving process ... Can't wait to display these in the new office room in the new casa ! Memorabilia
Anyone know who buys the digital cards from Topps Bunt , SWCT , The Walking Dead , etc . send em my way ...
team signed ball ? ! How can I land one of these ? !
Where's the Birthday giveaways ? ! Lol
TotallyDistortedTuesday time ! Followers & amp ; Tweet guess & amp ; entry for chance to win box of Topps Finest Rules
6 people followed me and 5 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Willy Wonka and Oompa Loompa Pop ! prize pack ! WorldChocolateDay
ohh snap ? ! Job offer incoming ...
You're exceeding your level of Fail rn ... Pro cheerleaders present , should be selfie status bro !
I feel ya ! This is my OLD PC ... all Griffey Jr ! TheKid Swingman HOFer nice cards in there !
4 people followed me and 4 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
Wish there was a way I could transfer some PayPal funds , but they want cc info ...
You seen her at the ballpark ? !
Absolutely love the new ride ... AWD
Told ya that a HUGE PC MailDay was coming ! All were dupes I already had except the Panini USA auto ! HUSTLE ftw
What are you kicking it off with ? !
Wanna go tomorrow ? ! SushiBoat
Thats sickkkkkk ! Swingman TheKid
to wish Ken Griffey , Jr . a very happy 48th birthday ! TheKid
trying to meet the man behind the twitter header I created ! PiratesFest
I hate the Yankees ...
( 1/2 ) It's so pathetic it disgust me , people like you is why this country is becoming a piece of useless trash
STORM REPORT 60,000 ft storm - Comal Co . Has rotation , heavy rain , gusty winds , frequent lightning & amp ; large hail . E - 27 ht
I BREAK FOR FUR .
I completely believe Armadillo Shoes could have existed in Narnia ( illustration )
I'm officially old ... Had to break up a fight between some bad ass kids on my street ... I even lectured them ... But I didn't snitch lol
would like to thank Japan for their amazing anime . It's the best ! :D
Is having sweet conversation with my new roommates !
Dear Taco Bell near westloop , why are you so slow ? There are five of you working .
My PSPgo just told me happy birthday . Awesome
I'm at HuHot Mongolian Grill ( Manhattan Town Center Mall , Manhattan ) .
I just unlocked the "" School Night "" badge on
I'm at Dillons ( 1000 Westloop Place , Btw Claflin Rd and Anderson Ave , Manhattan )
it's all good man . I hear ya
WOW ! with his 1st L in his career . AndNEW
So so sorry for your loss man . :(
More Ricketts : "" The red C ( logo ) now stands for being a good teammate , it stands for playing hard and it stands for champi
Hahaha id do that DURING the show .
Its going to be pretty windy tomorrow & amp ; Saturday . So thats why I said 2.5 hah .
Your account is locked . People cant see tweets when its like that . BlameCutler
California Senate has passed a bill allowing last call hours to extend to 4AM
Theyll probably end up renaming your building to The Boost Palace .
So could be on the trade block these next few weeks ? Come on Bring to Chicago !
Stanton vs Judge in the finals would be epic .
May your gender reveal not be as bad as this one . CC : GarPaxTwins
Day 3 . The XX . ( @ Lollapalooza 2017 in Chicago , IL )
Everyone have their glasses ready ? Eclipse 2017
Can I pledge a muzzle with a Chicago flag on it ?
That would match perfectly with these .
Blame the girlfriend who lived with him ? Could he hide that much ammo and weapons ?
When you're one game away from a third straight NLCS
Montgomery's postseason line now : 1.2 IP , 6 H , 4 ER , 2 HR , 3 BB , 1 K . That's a 21.60 ERA and 5.40 WHIP .
My goal is to meet someday . Goals
Air God vs Boost God .
Your tweets are now taller than you
I am CRYING . The Weather Channel set up for a live shot of the Georgia Dome being imploded , and at the perfectly wrong
Or Stanton has Judge .
Sadderday coming for a LOT of people .
While dreaming , everything you see in that dream , youve actually seen before in real life .
If sabres dont win .... Welp idk but I'm gonna do somethin crazy crazypants !
But it's ok because is on with DOdoubleG
Laying in bed all day neededthis relaxing
me everywhere i go : i hope i don't see anyone i know
We need a GIF of Yoko Ono grooving to this Paul McCartney + Ringo Starr Grammys performance , like , now .
when I see twitter beef
HEY HEY HEY HEY ! ! time ! ! FallonTonight jimberlake
I'm watching TheWalkingDead with 47 others on tvtag
Without respect , love is lost . Without caring , love is boring . Without honesty , love is unhappy . Without trust , love is
This little chocolate Easter bunny is perfect for someone I know ;)
my music taste literally goes from punk rock to disney film soundtracks
Love Never Felt So Good by Michael Jackson & amp ; Justin Timberlake LOVEIT Shazam .
Blackfish is on CNN right now . If you haven't seen it , WATCH IT freetilly seaworldkills
Potterhead weekend not leaving the house lol
All fresh & amp ; clean w / cleansheets is the most amazing feeling ever . Ever .
Spendin my lazyday watching movies and cuddlin w this cutie
My fave foreverrrr ! FightClub tvtag
I'm not anti-social . I'm anti-idiot . quote quoteoftheday antisocial antiidiot
weekendupdate ! SNL 40 You go BillHader EmmaStone
Hangin on the porch :-D
Finished ! PS - thanks for reminding me Jenna !
Reading this book blackout . This sentence explains how I feel . Always .
Britt mama openin presents babyshower
LMFAO there was no email when I was 12 ...... Iamold
lol its cool I thought maybe i really put that ....... but hey ya never know with me
how you doin today ? ?
This is where I spent the afternoon
Thank you , Amber ! Happy Saturday , pretty lady . Let's get this new season started . BuildTheMonster
get some oxy clean in a water bottle with hot water spray the punch stain and wipe clean
oh stop ! ! You know you want him to grab your ass hahaha
When someone asks you , When do you get off ? Apparently , Usually when my kids are asleep , is not an appropriate an ...
can't wait ! ! Just let me know the dates again so you can plan to stop in Kokomo
I hope your not still holding it ! !
guess in that 1 friend but I don't have a funny laugh hehehe
he does respond to fans just not all . Don't get it . We'll see what happens camp ; ~ y
That amazing moment when you hear a song you haven't heard in years and you still know every word
how you doin ? ? miss you ! ! ! ! !
it's OK I don't keep mine .... my kids stay clear of me when Colts are on haha
I'm here on Twitter because my family is on Facebook . TRUE statement
"" @itsWillyFerrell : Twitter : The one social network your parents haven't ruined yet . "" I was here before my kids
Colts Dwight Freeney day-to-day ( ankle ) and Austin Collie full-go for Sunday's home opener . Story :
I finished my chemo treatment Aug 22 from breast cancer ..... just ask about me :)
WHAT ? ? cold ! ! There was snow on the ground this morning
WOW I really missed that 1 lol
WHAT'S UP ? ? Havnt heard from ya . You watchin the fights ? ! ?
Trying to hide from responsibilities like
Worlds Largest Meat Producer Caught Torturing Animals
Chill-tolerant hybrid sugarcane also grows at lower temperatures
Giant Panda Gives Birth To Twins at National Zoo
Marvel's not shoving characters because of a lack of confidence in Cap , Civil War involves a civil war among the heroes .
Killing Keystone XL , Obama says pipeline not in US interests via
Scientists prove key aspect of evolutionary theory
Report shows how to say goodbye to harmful algal blooms
Scientists find minivan-sized sponge , world's largest
Watch Souls of the Vermilion Sea : Searching for the Vaquita on
Firefighters Dig Until Dawn To Rescue Underground Dog | Care 2 Causes
These 4 White Tigers in Houston Have No Access to Sunlight or Fresh Air
Christian Mom's EPIC Rap Song Meltdown via
Trump's Carrier deal raises red flags
Official : FBI backs CIA conclusion on Russian hacking motive via
May the new age of arrogance be short lived . Here's some painful truth : The President Who Buried Humility .
Trump Administration Reportedly Considering Separating Women and Children in Immigrant Detention Centers
Sean Hannity downplays report he pointed gun at Juan Williams
EPA scientific integrity office reviewing Pruitt's comments on carbon
Help End Cruelest Slaughter Practices ! via
Ocean acidification may hamper food webs nitrogen-fixing heroes
Supreme Court tosses GOP-drawn N . C . voting districts
Urge These Travel Companies to Stop Promoting Cruel Elephant Rides TODAY via
The Japanese First Lady might have pretended not to speak English for two hours to avoid chatting with Trump
McMaster calls Charlottesville attack terror
Secret Service Almost Out Of Money via
Donald Trump Is the First White President - The Atlantic
University of Michigan : Stop Investing in Animal Cruelty ! - Sign the Petition ! via
Climate Change May Bankrupt Us All
The Earth is a tiny blue speck in a universe of unfriendly options .
If CA needs bodies , the state must raise the revenue and hire professionals , or appeal to Feds
eep ! Why so stressed out ?
YES ! ! I ogled him at every opportunity just for you ;D there was even a moment when all three stood together giggling
The posts from the Batcomputer :D DD
I love eloquent drunks ^_^
I think it may have been re : passing Zadroga bill
I was thinking Harvey Today may be MLK Day , but everyday should be MILK Day ! broughttoyoubyamericasdairycouncil
I'm pretty good today . Weird moods are frustrating :/
\ o / Geek Pride ! * grins * I got a "" You're such a geek "" hug from today , such a proud moment for my geekitude !
trefoils are good for making ice cream sandwiches ^_^ they're my dad's favorite .
* shudder * I had a tiny bit of respect for Cameron Diaz before . Blech .
Ssss-ix-tttt-teen f-f-fffffrakkking deg-g-grees out o____o affraid t-to gggo t ' sssleep-p-p .
Just supported my local comic store :) It is tiny & poorly stocked but the manager is unbelievably nice & recognized me from months ago !
In another universe a balding , slight 40 - something named Kurt Cobain walks offstage with his Oscar for scoring The MySpac ...
( 2 ) raised her hand and just told Jon how much we appreciated them providing catharsis for us everyday ( there's vid on YouTube )
oh well that's good at least .
Congrats :D hope mama & baby are well ( and hope the sox win for them tomorrow ! )
the last Peter Pan movie had a Hook with a steampunk harness that went across his shoulders to pull the prosthetic tight .
donating books is always a worthy cause . Good luck with the move !
72 virgins ? Try 343 NYC Firefighters waiting for you . goodluck
Does anyone know if there's still a way to change your username on LJ & DW without creating a new account ?
Wow , Bernie Goldberg is arguing with O'Reilly . AGREEING with Jon Stewart ... ?
how is your day going otherwise ?
doesn't that look wonderful ? Too bad tickets are several hundred apiece :/
I like that learning Spanish is higher on to-do list than getting rock hard abs .
Ventriloquists ? I don't even ... what ? mrshow
The people who were seniors when I was a freshman still look older than me ten years later yearbooks perilsofpacking
I CONCUR WHOLEHEARTEDLY It's about time we taught basic manners to baseball's mascots . Philly Phanatic , put on some pants ! Colbert
Because is so chummy on the tweetbox I sometimes forget he is a truly great writer . I'm reading "" Smoke & Mi ...
1 ) Dude , I just found a talking "" Dude Bobblehead Action Figure "" from Comic Con in the attic .
Can someone tell me why FantasyFootball projections don't give CI ? A 95 % CI would make this so much better ...
Super proud of my Astros ! ! ! ! On to Kansas City . Hope you're ready , gostros
Less than a kid . And that's what's important .
Going to bed mad is the worst thing ever
Love when a boy is protective over his girl
Hm well after my rook heals I am not getting another piercing in my ear .
aw I love you ! ! !
oh no ... You two love the hashtags .
I had no clue and then I looked again and was like BRETT
Shopping w / my fav today werebrokenowthough
i better see you this weekend ! !
yay which one ? !
Need you & amp ; the beach
Fool me once , shame on you fool me twice , shame on ME
What exactly is even happening here
ok me and caroling are laying here obsessing over LOUISVILLES combination routine
Lightweight addicted to Chapstick .. pretty much always has to be on my lips
HAHA first thing that came to mind ..
Out of sight , out of mind
Its better to take steps of faith & amp ; miss it every once in a while than play it safe your whole life & amp ; miss the blessings .
it used to and now it never does on mine ! ! !
I'll send you a pic hahaha
Ah , Game Boy color , you make me feel old ... On to exploiting glitches for my personal amusement ! xD
... Those dolls would've given me nightmares as a little girl and been thrown directly in the trash bag later in life . D:
I was singing this song in the shower . xD
"" A Better Version of Me for You "" by cryptated art digitalart wolves wolf animals
"" Nightmare Moon v . 2 ( #Pumpkin 2017 ) "" by cryptated halloween mlp mylittlepony pumpkincarving
I think i'll like this whole public transportation thing in Chicago ... once we get the hang of it . Ha !
Had the BEST moving crew today ! Mostly just need to clean the apt and unpack the house fully . A HUGE thanks to all who helped !
Loving his faces this morning ! !
Listening to / watching my good friend talk to her hubby in Spanish . entertainment haventlaughedthishardallweek
Ha ! Jennie Allen is praying for US personally ! ! Yes ! ! wasnotexpectingthat wearenowfamous
An iphone 5 ? Exclusive : Apple plans to produce a new iPhone that would be available on Verizon next year
Picked up a Toyota Camery for my rental . Should this be my next car ?
I have two great documentary ideas in the corner of my mind right now ... Thinking I can pound both of them out in a coup ...
This week is our basketball officials camp so I'm taking a couple of days off for a four day event starting Thursday .
The Stan Sheriff Center one hour before the Dalai Lama speaks .
TSUNAMI WARNING UPDATE 1 This is Maui Civil Defense Agency with a tsunami warning and immediate evacuation ... ...
What could coach Pitino say in this situation ?
Earthquake magnitude revised to 8.2 , per It is not uncommon to need to revise magnitudes up or dwon when EQ is s
End 5th . Aiea 4 , Pac Five 0 .
OIA Sportsmanship at its finest . Falcons allow Injured Kaiser SR uncontested lay up on KaiserSR Night #CougarsFalcons htt
2014 KMEA In-Service : 21st Century Tech Handout KMEA eudorahsband musicedtech
Awesome job tonight by all of the bands in the Finale concert ! This is one proud band director ! My students are the best ! hardworkpaysoff
For my Eudora kids : This is a south-central Kansas farm !
Mistakes are proof you are practicing . 17 days to JH Festival ! 21 days to HS Festival !
Congrats to & amp ; on making the SWKMEA District Honor Choir ! sjtigerpride
Thousands of people on the streets stoping the coup attempt and doing with there elected president Erdogan told them Turk
I wanna adopt her soooo bad
Honestly did not have the bears winning today against the Vikings . BearDown
Matt Prater = clutch With his game-winner today , he's now 25 - for - 25 on game-tying / go-ahead FG attempts in the 4th quarter or OT .
my niggaaaa thanks haha I can't wait to see you
I'll Fuck you up if you don't delete this , who the fuck are you to say this shit wallah bal 3an deenak fake ass Musl
Roof : I killed them Im Guilty Court System : You sure your guilty ? ?
New number hmu for it
FSA , may God protect you ( Liberated Aleppo Jan 2013 )
Iraqi special forces have begun an assault against ISIL on a sprawling military base south of Mosul ht
it's okay me and Nooran had a good convo about me being not guilty
IMAGE : Queen Elizabeth working as a mechanic during World War Two
Surprise Motherf * * ker !
BREAKING : US military has radar tracking of Syrian regime jet that left Al-Shayrat airbase and fired chemical weapons d
Ramos slides in from the front , legs down , no contact with Messi = red card . Fuckin bullshit don't tell me that was a fair game
no we just stare at him
Hot Nigga was a whole ass murder confession & amp ; we bopped to that too
Just try it one day
This Nike commercial is dope .
140 days later : Refugees : 0 Attacks 0 Deaths 3 Travel Bans Americans : 30,252 Shootings 7,494 Deaths 172 Mass Shootings
Mind if i ruin your life ?
Miss Texas called white supremacists TERRORISTS on national tv without hesitation and I'm so proud ! MissAmerica
From al-Quds to Gaza : Victory to the Intifada .
If you feel like Cesaro doesn't have the verbal skills , then why the hell did you break Cesaro and Heyman up ? StoneColdPodcast
So , the Ascension are gonna get like a 2 - minute squash match between Daniel Bryan , and the Cutting Edge Peep Show ... RAW
Kane should have won 2001 . RoyalRumbleIn 5Words
The New Day comes out , and the crowd goes mild ... RAW
The Blackhawks ' anthem guy must have been busy ...
Francouer swings and misses a pitch that damn near hit him for the K RedSox
I've watched two full Raws since WM . I pretty much only watch Ambrose's stuff now
ALL DAY ! ! ! Vikings
The Devil in I , Custer , Sarcastrophe
Meh , he's still got one eye , he'll be fine ... TheWalkingDead
So ... how long before Matt and Tyrus get involved in this one ? ImpactOnPop
Hydra ? ! ? ! ? sayitaintso
sees "" Child's Play "" trending , clicks , sees nothing to do with Chucky ... is disappointed .
PRETTY RICKY YOU BEAUTIFUL SON OF A BITCH
2016 World Series . Cubs vs Indians And then the world will end with the score tied in game seven in extra innings apo
Ryback would be the one BC member that ROH would want nothing to do with
16 seconds in , and the Wild are already having to kill a penalty ... goodie .
I'm guessing Goldberg gets 29 , Undertaker gets 30
Ryan White should never fight again mnwild
Now Robbie Ross has the flu too ... someone quarantine Pedey , Benny , and JBJ before the bug finds them too !
I hear he has a nasty cutter
The end ... except when Machado comes up to bat , when they'll talk about it some more
So , when does Hanley start playing LF when Benny needs a day off ?
Welp , the Yankees are only half a game behind now ...
I'm not watching ... Is Brock pitching yet ?
For the first time that I can ever remember , someone played Tool at a sporting event . Moxbrose approves , Rangers .
As long as I don't lay down , I'm good lol
Just show the fight in the crowd ... UFC 218
. @bryansafi congratulations guys ! I couldn't be more happy for your success . Happy debut day ! !
I don't disagree . I didn't realize you could still select as the domain when signing up .
Clean sheets . Restless legs
yo ! free app idea : concert caravan - - its a service that lets you link up with other groups going to a concert and you split a limo \ van
Nipple pics are the new dick pic
haha . can you tell me if this is manual or do you have some wizard ?
say you poop in a house , hypothetically , when you leave the bathroom do you close the door or leave it open ? answer first and I'll explain
I finally found a pillow configuration I really like
I want an old school ice cream parlor meets dispensary and I want to go there at happy hour for an ice cream social . Make it happen
I dug more and found samples dating March 2016 . Any idea how to determine how many miners \ workers they have ?
I've been dressed and undressed 6 times today
My list of ailments continues to grow . I'll be dead by 40
Angela Merkel is ALL OF US .
why does it say you tweeted from Washington , D . C ?
TFW your plans for the evening get cancelled and you're all like
My experience with the infosec community mostly happens online . I have found them to be very accepting and pleasant people
I'm out of all vacation and sick time and I got bills homey . C'est la vie
any dealers running windows and blindly opening xls files should be arrested anyway . kind of sneaky bu
Every once in awhile LCD hits you with a bleep or bloop and you're like wow . That shouldn't work but it does
there's a boy I shook a few months ago but randomly out of the blue he asked if I wanted to get pizza tonight . 1/2
What are the key crypto themes over the next 12 months ? I think interoperability , on-chain governance , privacy , and scal
You've become a fucking shill account . Bye
yeah no shit . That's why Fox Chapel and Woodland Hills have over 50 public facing servers I can ping right now .
Is it sexual harassment to give a little ' i see you ' beep ? Not in a I want to fuck you kind of way , just a hey
Who is working on the WendyWilliams mini-stroke remix video as I tweet this ? Time will tell
in desperate need of more meds , doc ! everyone is annoying the crap out of me today
I'm looking for information on how we best fight the new NetNeutrality draft . I think they vote on 12/14 . What d
11 hrs 48 mins , still waiting for 1 confirmation for my IOTA transaction while the cost fluctuates hundreds of doll
Somehow I ended up on a very lively forum discussing the exact moment that Roseanne jumped the shark and it's amazi
Your chance of getting attacked by a shark in the U . S . is 1 in 11.5 million .
I'm loving all these dance moves on this Halloween duck dynasty
ok Saturday would be best for me our Christmas play at church is Sunday
Season 6 starts now ! RETWEET if youre watching the VoicePremiere !
Who needs sleep when you have Netflix
Very pretty glittery , shimmery product . There is alot of fall out and it's very sheer coverage .
can anyone tell me more info on an upcoming dance ? Maybe tomorrow ?
you should meet us in Vegas somewhere between Mar . 17-23
Teen wolf is THE dumbest show i have ever seen
I wanna clean and rearrange my room so bad
If Fifty Shades of Grey is made into a movie Ryan Gosling better be ChristianGrey
Having the hiccups when you're drunk
hahaha I know I know !
Birthday dinner with Matt's family
Slap my butt no way
I'm gonna I don't want crooked teeth
To commercials about diabetes saying I won't have to "" stab my fingertips "" anymore : you're full of shit
Shelby would be loving this right now ! bruins
I wanna be part of the circle on that 70s show
Gonna give myself a french mani when I get home
It's no surprise to me I am my own worst enemy ' cause every now and then I kick the living shit out of me
Crazy kids by kesha proooobably would have been me and Shelby's summer ' 13 anthem ..
If Leah doesn't wanna become famous and want paparazzi then don't be the center of this entire episode KUWTK annoying
lets do something tomorrow night
I hope had a safe flight ! ! Have so much fun in England I'm so jealous and I love you !
THATS SO WEIRD I JUST MADE MATT TAKE HIS OUT RIGHT BEFORE YOU SENT ME THAT
Congratulations on your 10th Anniversary So happy we could help you celebrate ! ! TDBankTurns 10
So mad I didn't get into yoga .... I only need one credit ugghhhhh
First Sunday in so long I'm not doing homework all day
Jordan and Lindsay are the dream team DWTS 25
I'm doing P90X2 - X2 Chest + Shoulders + Tris in Team Beachbody's SuperGym . Join Me ! Go to
Rylan being silly at the pool
You deserve all good things life has to offer .
Boise State CB Jonathan Moxey with a good rep here in 1 - on - 1s . He's separating himself from most of the other DBs here . h
Chaos following explosions at Ariana Grande's concert Manchester Arena .
You're free to do as you please . It's a free country .
No I haven't been to Boise in 30 years ! But for some reason I always root for Boise State . May
Clint Dempsey driving through Portland like . . . PORvSEA
My 8 year old asked , "" Will dox me if I don't like How do I explain your actions to him ? Literally shaking .
What fascinates me is that the Left could have just said "" poor word choice "" in regards to jihad . Nope . Full double-down
Damn , that makes me feel old .
My favorite donut person !
Just 25 days until the opener vs Troy ! BleedBlue
Democrats are now publicly stating that Antifa violence is justified ! ! ! Folks , you are witnessing a political Party's des
A great baseball story , and a better dog story . One to share with Hatcher !
Sprinkles are the Devil's work ! Avoid them at all cost ! ! ! !
Huh ? I'm out of the loop . What's happening ?
Concessions didnt run out of bottled water !
Does that mean that Bob Rosenthal is our next mayor ?
Springsteen is great in the way that with his voice , he makes us all feel we could be rock singers !
Lofton ! I was racking my brain !
I'll cut Matt some slack here and just say he's probably too dumb to understand what ad hominem actually means .
And FSU will drop from that list this year !
Everyone in the building knew he was taking it ... didnt matter . Then does the You know what time it is
Hey give this man a raise ! ! !
Wherein a journalist leaks town hall questions to the DNC vice chair who gets them to the candidate , neither ever explains
GIVE US A CHANCE TO TWEET , LADS ! AFCvHTFC 4-0 ( 72 )
Family of goats jump over a mountain gap
TheLastJedi is absolutely fantastic - gripping , touching , funny and powerful w / gorgeous shots and the most badass battles .
The past is over , learn from it .
I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2 , and my score was : 443 ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
I've just unlocked What a Meeting ! achievement in Paradise Island 2 ! GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
I've completed the daily quest in Paradise Island 2 ! GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
Great ! I've played Paradise Island 2 for 78 days in a row ! ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
Great ! I've played Paradise Island 2 for 84 days in a row ! ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
I've completed the daily quest in Paradise Island 2 ! ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
I've just unlocked Touch Ups achievement in Paradise Island 2 ! ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
I've completed the daily quest in Paradise Island 2 ! GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
I've completed the daily quest in Paradise Island 2 ! GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2 , and my score was : 344 ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
I've just unlocked Touch Ups achievement in Paradise Island 2 ! GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2 , and my score was : 341 GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2 , and my score was : 410 GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
I've just unlocked Family Recipe achievement in Paradise Island 2 ! ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
Great ! I've played Paradise Island 2 for 156 days in a row ! ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
Great ! I've played Paradise Island 2 for 168 days in a row ! GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
I've just unlocked Easy Money achievement in Paradise Island 2 ! GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2 , and my score was : 375 ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2 , and my score was : 448 ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2 , and my score was : 473 GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
I've just unlocked No Skimping There achievement in Paradise Island 2 ! GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
Great ! I've played Paradise Island 2 for 214 days in a row ! ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
I've just unlocked Don't let them get dry ! achievement in Paradise Island 2 ! ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
I played the Search the Waves mini game in Paradise Island 2 , and my score was : 10 ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
I've just unlocked Fully Booked achievement in Paradise Island 2 ! ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
I've just unlocked Best Day Ever achievement in Paradise Island 2 ! ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
I've completed the daily quest in Paradise Island 2 ! GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
I've just unlocked Finer Energies achievement in Paradise Island 2 ! GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
I played the Sandy Caps mini game in Paradise Island 2 , and my score was : 375 GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
I've just unlocked A-a-achoo ! achievement in Paradise Island 2 ! GameInsight ParadiseIsland 2
Great ! I've played Paradise Island 2 for 304 days in a row ! ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
I've just unlocked Key to All Locks achievement in Paradise Island 2 ! ParadiseIsland 2 GameInsight
I hear that . Is he at least somewhat dysfunctional like one would expect him to be ?
After that first exam , I'm pretty sure I'll be dropping Art History . Yay ...
is a nice person . Im thankful that hes my friend .
' s outfit was spot on today
That awkward 5 minutes when you run into your ex boyfriend at little ceasars ....
stop being pretentious you are in high school .
Do you still have my brother ?
Some of the conversations i have with adam and bailey worry me . I know too much about your relationship .
It was great volunteering at the north liberty Salute to summer ! The firefighters were all so nice
yeah but i stand firm in my resolve to not watch any of them
Death is only the end if you assume the story is about you .
Rt to save a juniors life ...
i dont tell them to do anything
The say spend time with friends if you don't have a boyfriend but what do you do it if you don't have a bf or friends
Last seniorsunday before school starts
should have seen the look on some of their faces
Honestly I felt so bad for our band tonight
Still hasn't hit me that my last show choir competition is Saturday
The same cashier was there today and you sent to his friends "" this is the one ""
. @CaptainAmerica I stand with TeamCap . TweetMe
Salesman "" It has a sunroof , 4 wheel drive , and a backup camera "" Me "" How many puppy holders does it have ? ""
I haven't slept in a couple of days and I'm just so fucking angry about these innocent black men being murdered . It's not fucking right .
i do respect the people serving , I mean my brother is serving , I just don't think standing for a song is that important .
Sometimes I remember that when I took the ACT I got a 30 in reading and english and a 15 in math . the difference had me crying .
I am the hero of my story I don't need to be saved
3 % of Planned Parenthood's services are abortions . The rest goes to breast exams , HIV tests , birth control , etc . why . would .
waving through a window is honestly one of my favorite songs it's so good
. @BBworkers Please share these graph
Become your ancestor's wildest dream .
I dont want to put my sexual assault experience on a site that could ridicule me with no shame but just know : MeToo
News Digest : | . TruthandKnowledge News Digest : 03-17- 2015 Truth and
Videotaping police legal , and becoming common
News Headlines | Positively Detroit News Headlines : 05-03- 2015 Positively
Cutting Through the Matrix with Alan Watt - Clearing the rubbish ...
Presidential Candidate Jeb Bush Claims I am my Own Man . Now Meet His Foreign Policy Advisers
Report : Wayne County is top manufacturing economy in U . S . Michigan had the most counties in the top 10 with four .
About 3,000 rally against Koch Brothers
Obama : 5,500 troops to stay in Afghanistan via
U . S . Financial Aid To Israel : Figures , Facts , and Impact | WRMEA
Nasdaq in correction territory , Dow ends down 392
Help make Glenn Frey Drive a reality !
Danger signs flashing for global economy
Missing Clinton E-Mail Claims Saudis Financed Benghazi Attacks
Parts of I - 275 will close this summer for road work via
Springsteen warns of Mich . bill at Palace show
News Headlines : 04/30 / 2016 Truth and
Everyone in Hillarys Inner-Circle Lawyers-Up ; FBI Quickly Closing In on Hillary
NRA Lobbyist Will Co-Host Hillary Clinton Fundraiser
BREAKING : Top Obama Official Arrested He's Going To Prison ...
News Digest : 06-24- 2016 Positively
Article : If Sanders is a True Progressive , He Has One Winnable Option Left | OpEdNews
News Digest : 07-22- 2016 Positively
News Headlines : 07/31 / 2016 Truth and
City plans to sue banks , companies for unpaid taxes
Millions of honeybees killed in S . C . following aerial Zika spray
News Digest : 09-28- 2016 Positively
Why just a . 3 % increase in Social Security debatenight
News Digest : 11-05- 2016 Positively
US-NATO Supported Terrorists Involved in Countless Atrocities via
Growing number of Americans retiring outside the U . S .
News Headlines : 02/05 / 2017 Truth and
listening to "" Suzi Quatro - The Wild One ""
Movie date tonight .. Going to see Evil Dead ! evildead
I know ... I want to so bad
I'm moving to LA , marrying Charlie Hunnam and going to live happily after ..
Love her .. she makes me happy when I'm feeling sad mybestfriendoveryours
Ready for some fun tonight stpete
I need these in my life soon !
I want to be wrapped in blankets like a human cocoon and fall asleep to you kissing me .
Just bought these for the BFF and I ! kickstartmyheart danzig partytime
Are you mad ? Stay mad , because I don't give a fuck .
Oh traffic how I loathe you
What to do when you're bored on a Saturday ..... Get them claws back !
is one of my favorite makeup artist / vloggers that I follow and I had no idea she was living in Florida ! She's amazing !
I kinda wanna rock a big curly fro for my bday this weekend .. Hmmmm
Seattle your traffic sucks ..
And she's got the curse of curves ...
That guy comes into Red Star a lot lol
Managed to exit the shower with conditioner still in my hair , and only one leg shaved . No more cold medicine for me . lifeinshambles
Finally bought a mouth guard for my serious teeth grinding while I sleep . I'm pretty much the epitome of sexy now .
You mean the point of Christianity is not "" every man for himself "" ? Shocking .
did you watch the speech by Trump ? He said nothing at all even close to whatever the Clinton campaign is implying
I won't defend trump but I certainly won't defend American men or woman by allowing us to be treated like meat for decades !
All wikileaks is going to tell us about this Election 2016 is that we the people really do NOT elect the president .
START KRIS DUNN Ricky is trash ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I've watched every game and I'm just not impressed w Rubio at all so he can be a good trade piece
don't argue w tea pain he's been brainwashed
yes them too lol jk they did a great job and played defense really good actually beside the first
they loss 9 in a row then went on to have the best record in the east . Thibs has his ways but he's a great coach
exactly I don't think I can listen to Fred say "" the ball swinging left to right "" again it's wearing on me now
how much longer bc I have important shit to say
um not pay 32 million to look at him on the bench lol
ooh ok , I thought it was strange
Chicago State University will pay $ 1.3 million to settle whistleblower lawsuit with former finance chief
If you supported Bernie Sanders , but you are pissed about Trump pulling out of TPP . Congrats you're an ideologue .
All the talk of the MuslimBan reminds me that I'm banned from most Muslim countries anyway for being transgender .
sh * * I hate when I have a typo lol it's the communists only weapon ( I'm * )
Deyna just put our broken hearts back together . NashvilleCMT
it is they have decent players and of course a butler and Wade it's kinda ridiculous
lmao ! ! It's every year and they need lowry to win so I guess you're right Bulls could win if lowry pulls his usual poor play
btw check the ratings for this years Oscars . We know exactly what we are doing ! Trust me
it's gunna be the biggest smoking gun in our history I believe
is anybody going to cover this ? 14 girls missing within 24hrs ! ! missingdcgirls
We are not the only killers in on this planet go check Russia's body count and invasions
is very intimated by Kim Jung as he should be must really suck knowing they have missiles that can wipe Moscow
Well he sure as fck wasn't looking at you lmao
Don't forget : hosts CMTawards tomorrow ! Tix still available for in Concert
. @taylorswift13 please don't shake off this shoutout from Minnesota .
Can't wait for more seasons to come now to watch it again and again
you're a bum and a racist idk why the people of Ohio can't see that you're no different than trump ya racist pos
I find it a bit funny that someone named "" Jade "" is passing judgement and calling shots as to what is acceptable . hmm
When visiting xoxo oxen bring a little $ to get sunflowers and veggies at farm stand . sunflowernose
you have hearts on fire downloaded on your phone
it'd really make my day if you'd wish me a happy birthday ! I love you and thanks for everything !
Simply looking at a photo of someone you love can help relieve pain .
Cropped half of the picture and then mirrored it , this is what looks like
If it's you and me forever , if it's you and me right now I'd be alright I'd be alright
You know you're a very lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky luck boy ?
When your followers are cool enough to give you a digital code for Spectre 007
All of a sudden I have stressed out stuck in my head Accurate
she opened but ignored mine
It sucks how someone can ruin you so bad you don't even know how to talk to people anymore
thought you might like this one RUMine ?
I posted a pic on IG and got like 30 comments in 20 minutes NewRecord lol
When your friend hooks you up with a copy of 6 for One CoolFriends
Piggyback by is now available on Have you gotten yours ? PLEASE RT ! PiggybackByCimorelli
HEY YALL ! Piggyback by is now available on RT ! ! ! PiggybackByCimorelli
I kind of ordered 2 cause the liner notes and the almost as cool bundle lol
I ACTUALLY GOT A SNAP BACK
I'm just having a horrible week
r u ok m8 ?
SuicideSquad was freaking LIT ! ! Harley Quinn is bae lol she completely stole the show for me
UM I THINK YOU FORGOT TO SIGN MY VINYL HAHA ITS MISSING YOUR SIGNATURE
just made a music video
you look so good in purple !
I just Pre-Ordered Cimorelli ( @Cimorelliband ): Our Second Album , "" Alive "" pop
THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST THINGS I'VE EVER SEEN I WATCHED IT 7 TIMES ALREADY Y'ALL MADE MY WEEK CimorelliSaturday
I cant explain it i love the pain
Never Let Me Fall music video is out
Just got back from talking w / Sen . Ron Alting . The Lafayette Republican is switching from yes to no on HJR 3 . Story / video s
Please tell me this horrible out-of-touch principal was fired after this bs BullyMovie
WOAH someone posted this and it worked for like a minute . C'mon Poland , spare me from Trump coverage !
Between the tech hiccups and LOUD rain here I feel the universe doesn't want me watching this Eurovision springstorms
Yasss dramatic sparkling wine ( Guess who just discovered I can use emojis without tweeting from my phone ) FiK 55
His voice . . . I mean . . . what EurovisionYouDecide
Here we go ! Diff feed ( link I posted end of yesterday's ) & amp ; hopefully childproof HDMI cord instead of Chromecast sanremo 2017
Do Italians sleep that is the real question . sanremo 2017
Woot , my feed has the adbreakerbeaver ! ltvsupernova
Clearly teleportation has aged Ludwig festivaldacancao ltvsupernova
D'oh ! How could I forget ? I like Cyprus's song tho ( I like bassy ones like that and Pioneer last yr ) so it worked out for me .
I can't stop looking at her eyebrows moving lol fik 56 90sjokeaboutstickonearrings
Man of Steel opens with the painful birth of Superman . With all that insane tech , the Kryptons didn't have epidurals ? callingbullshit
I'm with you . ATLisReady
Vikings Season 4 Episode 20 "" The Reckoning "" Recap and Review
Trump finally acknowledges "" Barron Trump "" for sympathy , but spent the kid's birthday golfing in another state .
By charging her , you've admitted what she leaked was true . She is one of many many leakers and the
How exactly is that my responsibility ?
That is your opinion . You aren't the final word or decision maker for our country . We a
I've said it before and I will say it again : You are a weak person . Mentally , emotionally and spiritually WEAK .
Looking at May for official return to content creation .
I also didn't care about anything . So being completely numb isn't the answer either .
There is an obvious reason .
Been listening to it all day with my girl .
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation 4 ! PS4live ( Destiny ) live at
Now what have I told you about turtling ? ! ? ! ! lasagradafamilia
Here I am with the legend himself with a signed copy of which has my @cover image & amp ; Stan eve
Well ... At least he's got the key's GetOut
TONIGHT ! We're at Alchemy Tavern in Mobile , AL . Come hangout with us ! abletonlive komplete 11 drumsdaily tourlife SAB
PCmods UMVC 3 Arcade Edition Beta v . 1 Release Trailer via
LOVE if you hold the L and run it back EVO
73 is reasonably I think since you're so good at it .
Happy Friday punks ! Let's get in trouble
Zoobilee Zoo Theme Song ( HQ ) via
Breitbart is using a Getty photo of MS - 13 members in El Salvaor to talk about DACA recipients in the U . S . because it is a rac
Sometimes I go back and peep on girls I used to crush on and can't help but feel like I dodged a bullet What ... Was ..
How many Chucky movies are there ?
Beat The Evil Within 2 last night . Hope they release some DLC for it because I want more . Can't wait to start my new game plus playthrough .
At work , the PS4 owners on my team were hype all day . One of the dudes with the XB1 kept saying all of the games were coming
The new cinematic was so great that I just had to draw sylvanas :D worldofwarcraft
My phone and I are officially breaking up . Its over .
BREAKING : Subpoenas are being sent to 23 Trump businesses requiring them to preserve records that may be sought by the a
Marvels Spider-Man is my pick for Most Anticipated Game Presented by McCaf class = "" db di-ns center mt3 mt0 - n
We saw The Disaster Artist yesterday and I'm just utterly fascinated by all of it . It's weird but I really get what James
Were disappointed in the decision to gut NetNeutrality protections that ushered in an unprecedented era of innovation , creat
You are trying to create healthy new routines for yourself wit ... More for Scorpio
How can you ever expect to hear God's voice if you don't imagine yourself deserving enough to even be spoken to ?
You may believe that your wishes can come true today as the Ne ... More for Scorpio
Does Bob Whitfield have other kids than the 2 hr has w / Sheree ? RHOA RHOA
yes , but remember , no matter how long it takes , Truth ALWAYS wins out in the end . ;-)
You may be ready to set aside some of your financial concerns ... More for Scorpio
Didn't Brianna just say her mother's way to defend herself is to attack other people ? NotAGoodLook RHOC
People you know are coming out of the hidden corners of your l ... More for Scorpio
"" I SWEAR ON MY CHILD WHO IS AUTISTIC .. "" . Um , you shouldn't use your child's autism to appear more credible . RHONJ
When sexy Venus is in your sign , you are even more inclined to ... More for Scorpio
Okay , I am totally not TeamMJ , but Reza is making it ridiculously hard to be on his side . Totally childi ...
Bizarre , plain out odd . It's obvious Kim & amp ; Kyle weren't really close to star ...
I know I sure was !
You have good intentions to stay even-tempered today , but a tr ... More for Scorpio
The cosmic mysteries seem close enough to touch today as you e ... More for Scorpio
You have had some intense experiences recently and thankfully ... More for Scorpio
There is a delicate balance between what you want to do today ... More for Scorpio
You must find a harmonious balance between your perfect vision ... More for Scorpio
Carefully consider every word you say before you open your mou ... More for Scorpio
You feel the familiar stirrings of deep emotions bubble up int ... More for Scorpio
A window of opportunity appears to be shutting today , yet you ... More for Scorpio
You secretly enjoy thinking about things that are out of bound ... More for Scorpio
You may feel waves of relief and exhilaration wash over you as ... More for Scorpio
You feel as if everything is going to go as planned today as l ... More for Scorpio
You might be quite certain about the intimacy you're currently ... More for Scorpio
You may doubt your ability to perform your job up to acceptabl ... More for Scorpio
You sense a gathering of cosmic forces , strangely bringing you ... More for Scorpio
A creative insight may come seemingly out of nowhere today , pr ... More for Scorpio
Taking a psychological stroll through the hidden recesses of y ... More for Scorpio
You want to demonstrate the strength of your convictions with ... More for Scorpio
Your long-term prospects are promising as you assess your pres ... More for Scorpio
Trusting the blessings that arrive at your doorstep now can be ... More for Scorpio
Hey what is this equation for ? Just curious ...
The definition of a cozy nerd
Wind chills in Iowa can reach - 60 in the next few days . Frostbite and hypothermia can happen in just minutes . Please be careful !
This is what we're up to !
OMG TWO HOUR DELAY IM GONNA CRY OF HAPPINESS
Today is the perfect day for a daydream . Enchanted
SUPPORT GLEE CUZ WERE AWESOME ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Hey Nebraska , Happy Birthday ! 147 years of statehood 124 of seasons of Football NoPlaceLikeIt GBR Huskers
I would if you have an iPhone !
Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen are the most loved couple in Britain .
Pokmon Versions Of NBA Logos
Has ur teacher ever acted so crazy that she / he just seemed to be drunk ...
Today in Geek History : Happy StarWarsDay ! May the 4th be with you all .
It took me four tries to figure it out . Can you ?
If the early ' 70s version of & amp ; played Professor X & amp ; Magneto in DOFP :
Can you believe it's the 200th LIVE show of sytycd ? ! SYTYCD 200
Happy Birthday Neville Longbottom , Master of the puberty spell ..
With the adorable after the SYTYCDfinale last night ! I obsessed with her !
Biggest question about the new Hobbit movie : will Bombur speak or not ? Will he finally get a Tolkien role ?
This just in ! SYTYCD premieres Monday , June 1 at 8/ 7c on FOX . See you soon ! More info :
firstmiddleearthworldproblems When your hands are too big for the cookie jar .
Bed is the safest place to be in these types of circumstances . relatablepostforDAYS
Nothing is free . We would be better off as a nation if people woke up and faced the reality of it ..
Sooooo pumped to be in show choir for one more year ! Congrats to everyone who tried out #showchoir rolltigersrs
"" The red head in valley chorolation who does the flips ""
Report : Obama Has Missed over Half His Second-Term Daily Intel Briefings via
and yet he found time to go to an NCAA woman's basketball game on Monday night . Glad his priorities are in line
The greatest Safe Space ever created : Maxwell Smart's portable Cone of Silence
Amen ! And how about some Arby's - they have the meats !
No one should be surprised by that loss . Papelbon trade was a mistake last year and looking worse this year
I ran out of "" X happened so now the G-File is on the Internet gags "" and now the G-File is on the Internet .
Noooooooo ! Stop playing for fG's . Let's get the TD !
your rhetoric is predictable and tiresome .
And perhaps something to do with their recent slide in performance ?
It was to Grant . Who created no separation as always . Mr Consistent .
Love Kerrigan . Gives it all every week . But man we miss Allen in the middle .
Super et toi ? J'tall dner avec d'anciens potes de chez Prmoul rcemment , on se rappelait ce bon vieux Marcel hehe ;)
what on earth did you follow me for . are you a parody bigot account or just really bad at picking twitter accounts to follow
You can't make this stuff up .
Rad Advice for Cool Kids : if you wanna chat w / somebody , have some idea of what you want to talk about . "" Hi "" is not a conver
JURASSIC PARK is a movie abt how just bc something is great doesn't mean u should bring it back and it has three sequels
i don't think they've gotten to one beast all i know is that im really bored every time they do a shrine the botw shrines are so .
may i suggest May as an addition to the list since April has Finals Hell for some people but the first we
ah , yes there it is
DOCTOR : you cant keep doing this to yourself . being The Last True Good Boy online will destroy you . you must stop posting with ho
i don't know what this means but it's me
good ! Good ! GOOD !
A twitter play in two acts
Traditonal Political Compass vs . The American Version
seen a bunch of women praising this post ( also by a woman ) on FB LISTEN : THIS IS BULLSHIT VICTIM-BLAMING AWFUL HARMFUL
Republicans want you to choose between a trans whistleblower largely considered a hero , or a $ 1 trillion plane that can't
Dems : Okay , so . Abortion is maybe bad . Do you love us now ? Republicans : lol fuck off Dem voters : Fuck OFF Millennials : FUCK OF
You have freedom of speech . You don't have freedom from consequence .
I could make a million of these dumb things .
you need only browse to find wave after wave of shameless capitalist leeching
a fake breach data checker that exists purely to get you to sign away your rights to a class action lawsuit is some top-t
got to pet a duck and eat three s'mores so overall , good day
Me : I should go to sleep now . It's late . Also me : Check all social media platforms and don't sleep until you're all caught u
19th century Firefighters looked like Darth Vader and C3PO .
My fianc made a diagram for our catsitter of where it's safe to pet our cat and I'm dying
Thanks , accidentally hysterical ad campaign gif making person . I'll never be able to read Artisanal "" normally "" again .
this chart only works for me if i tic-tac-toe it with a diagonal
i want to apologise for earlier , also for later , and i guess right now isn't great either .
I gotchu fam . 300 dolla bang bang
Me , having panic and social anxiety attacks ever since I left the womb .
THE PROGRESSION OF HOW HORRIBLE IT GOT IM CRYING
Great idea Marc-One of my favorite snacks is the Brookside brand Chocolate Pomegranate sold at Costco
Car Donation is fast , free , and easy . Donate your car , van , truck , RV , or boat call 1-800- CHARITY CARS or visit ofcc
Wow , sure looks authentic to me ~
Happy Holidays ! Need a car ? Well , then do something about it . Join ofcc
ofcc Did you know Changing someones life is just a few clicks away ? with this easy convenient online donation form !
So , what are you waiting for ! ! Donate your vehicle TODAY ! ! ! just a few clicks away to save a life , Do it today ! ofcc
Hey tomorrow is birthday . Please , can you RT : . THANK YOU
This is why you should consider donating a new or used vehicle to ofcc
"" In heaven , after antipasti , the first course will be pasta . "" Steve Albini FoodQuotes
Well , thank you for the suggestion :)
Love Your Mochi Ice Cream and the atmosphere is awesome ! https://t.co / h3tuAd2hVE
Followers - 3 , Unfollowers - 3 . I didn't know it'd be this simple . Get your weekly stats via
Do you know who are awesome ? My 2 new followers in the last week ! Growing with
Benieuwd of na haar contact met kan uitleggen waarom Breivik zo'n toffe peer is .
( Bij plaatsnaambord ) Nerd : Dit is een smart city Ik : Jaja * roept tegen bord * "" HOEVEEL IS 1 + 1 ? "" Nerd : Dit is zo kindera ... Ik : Dumb City
Henk : "" Verschrikkelijk , die burkini ! * gaat verder met manier van leven die niet mogelijk was geweest zonder Saudische olie *
Nog een paar weken en iedereen mag weer lekker binnen barbecuen !
- Hoe gaat t ? - Ik demp mijn angst voor leegte met werk - Wat ? - Eh , druk druk druk ! - Ja , ik ook !
Ik weet dat het probleem bij dit soort mannen ligt , maar zolang dat inzicht nog rijpt :
Net stel Mohammed's Getuigen aan de deur : of ik interesse had in de islamisering van onze samenleving ... Doorverwezen naar
Deze piemel past niet in de Tweede Kamer .
Straks Erik Verlinde in DWDD . Doe mee met de Bingo !
Marlien ( 24 ) Slachter van Warme Nostalgische Gevoelens
Een polariserende aandachtstrekker die een politieke partij verlaat om er zelf n op te richten ... Toch heeft Wilders veel succes .
Nu nog een soort embleem waardoor we moslims kunnen herkennen .
Wilders is cultureel nationalistisch , maar economisch socialistisch . Hoe vaak zie je nou zo'n combinatie ?
Volgende week in zml : laten we ons binnenlands seksisme relativeren met Saudi Arabi !
Uber knowingly 1 . Violated the privacy of customers 2 . Hid what they did from Apple They should be barred from the App
Een duur programma waarin de presentator met een pepermuntje in de mond archasche woorden oplepelt , wordt kennelij
Het Verdriet van Nederland .
Jinek tegen Geert : wat fijn dat ik hier mag zijn !
Rara waar ben ik ?
Nou hebben jullie nog een andere spraakmakende semi-BN'er voor een debatje ?
Forum voor democratie heeft er weer een stem bij ?
Alleen als het over racisme gaat !
H u bent zelf ' een rest uit het verleden ' . sleepwet
* iemand * hoeft nooit meer te solliciteren bij geenstijl
Elke politicus krijgt de kiezers die hij verdient shitbaudetsays
"" Maine Warden's Service ! "" northwoodslaw
Sally 2015 . dapperday hollywoodstudios wdw
My Blue Tang :) taptapfish Download :
Bee and PuppyCat : The Series by Frederator / Cartoon Hangover via
When police and government demand that you stop recording , they know they are doing wrong . Ferguson
Unable to sign into psn ... but managed to get netflix to work ... nice :)
5 of 5 stars to The Bone Collector by Jeffery Deaver
Started Reading Death Note - animeplanet
"" People do not need validation to speak to their pain . "" - @2cent_bmike OurWorld
anxiety and depression are really dragging me down rn
In the US Holocaust Museum . I'm shook .
Trump is on a quest to remake America in his own image : a nation that screws over allies & amp ; habitually breaks its word . I
STOP YOONGI TRYING TO EAT THE GUMMY WORM IS STILL THE CUTEST VIDEO I'VE EVER SEEN
jimin : "" make it obvious you never played before "" yoongi : * puts his leg on the table * namjoon : "" ooh sexy "" I HATE HIM
The immaturity and ignorance of some kpop fans is fucking embarrassing .
why do you stan bts ? me :
I'm just sitting here ... numb .
and I are literally the same person
I'm thinking these people that are saying Eric Church's 1/2 time performance sucked , need to get their ears checked out . CHEIF
hahaha , same ! And Facebook too !
congrats on your Opry debut
So proud to have written the new single InCaseYouDidntKnow y'all go request it ! !
SO happy for you , sweet Kimberly ! She is too precious !
but you ate corn ... so it still counts as healthy
10000 % > > >
Drum roll please ... Entertainer of the Year nominees : and
how can I get tix to see Luke Combs when he's there ?
loving this song already !
awesome ! You know always kills it
4 years ago .... Whiskey Jammin ' at
Just performed the anthem before game three ! STLvsNSH PredsPride StandWithUs
Ps - did you visit Bubs today ? Cuz that Mac & amp ; Cheese
When you see a Bonnaroo poster ... and it's missing
I second this ! But you've alwayssss been killing it
Gotchu these fake profiles are getting annoying !
think this is my first time missing you at Tinley ! Have a killer show
I get to see and this week ... how can this week get any better ?
If his answer isn't BOTH , I can't listen to his music anymore
Went to 2 of the tapings ! Such a fun show ! Can't wait to watch !
Not sure Im loving this iOS update
wondering why it keeps showing this ticket as available but when I try to buy its been sold ...
One of my favorite people released his book today / / go pick up a copy of AmericanDrifter NOW / / I cant wait to re
me : * spends hours with my favorite person * me as soon as they leave :
People at Green Hills do not know how to park
i have to take a swimming test whatamifive ?
oh maybe she is now ... HOPEFULLY !
with planning our vacation yayaya
pumpkin lighting wif probably the oldest ones here
lol long story COME HOME !
thanks im so excited ! hope your day is better tomorrow :(
lol <3 nopee but stupid phone like won't let me check them
nothing makes my day better than going to newton :)
not that short cause everyone told me not to
yeah hopefully if your mom says it's okay . when are you guys going ? and noo
"" I've got my rubbers . make sure to always be prepared ... that's the boyscout motto right ? ""
only i would get on the coaches bad side the first day of practice - __ -
everytime i see my extended family they tell me ive grown goodjoke
third wheeling like a boss
dang who knew fixing a small dent would cost so much
when aren't you in newton though neverr
"" @cbrady1232 : I don't want this night to end ""
"" lets go hot tubbing in between classes "" okok
looks like i won't be driving anywhere today
i know right ? ! guess it's a southern thing
y'all have a maid at school ?
having a bad sleep schedule would actually require getting sleep
day before fathers day let's break out the christmas music
aka when I'm home this week :)
hey it's the cox from oklahoma ! what's your email so I can send you a question ?
inothernews Martin Freeman to play Bilbo Baggins ? I may have just orgasmed in my pants
ShitMyDadSays Is that NPR show on ? You know : "" Hey Hey Don't Tell Me Wha'Do You Say "" ?
Can't believe we wanted Mark Teixeira on the Red Sox , What a mistake that would have been . We didn't need another Manny
hit anyone in the head
LawsonChapmanSquarePreOrder :D x I CAN'T PREORDER IN USA ! POORME
FOLLOW ME GUYS . I'm so cool ;) lol GMD 3eekFollow 3eekfollow im sick and you guys can make me feel better :) xxxx
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAH and look so good . then there is George with his guitar lmao
lololol . drake and josh episode where they get their license .
you've been such a bitch lately .
From school tours to in front of thousands at the AMAs , they've come so far I couldn't be any prouder . ProudOfTW omg : O
Awards are great & amp ; congrats to all the winners but there's no award like a standing ovation & amp ; earning the r ...
after about 5 weeks of repairs and fixing , GOT MY JEEP BACK ! !
the three best friends that anyone could have .
"" Tom's speaking American to Americans . "" "" YEAH MAAAN "" The Wanted breakoutartist PeoplesChoice
we have nothing in common
some homeless guy goes "" is it halloween already ? "" i didn't know my outfit was that crazy ...
I don't know what's messier , my life or my hair . japprobz
Gonna try to not let this ruin how I feel ...
feel like shit and look like shit
Typical half day with and waiting two hours for our get yo shit together
Okay . A few underclassmen is fine . But stop letting our prom be taken over by sophomores . Stop .
"" We'll take my car I need to get gas anyway "" .... as I leave my friends stranded on the side of rt . 10 .
ISIS is airborne . Get your masks on everyone .
wow June ! That's so nice you're not going to pressure him into anything . Let me know how your relationships going !
more like have my children
"" How you feelin ? ""
54 . LMAOO SAY OOO
take pictures with me like this
Since is on right now ! Cheering for our very own Griffin , HairSprayLive
at where the wild things are screening . tight
Uh oh . Paul the psychic German octopus picks Spain to win - Spanish should rescue him pronto : worldcup
is that dude who looked like Charles , Charles ?
\ _ ( ) _ /
someone has been replacing the NYC MTA ads with their own way more subversive ( and subtle ) versions
didn't get the notification about it til Friday night , it should have been more clear , thought I had time to enter , but didn't
you know , this doesn't surprise me , what does is that Minions is making more money than Inside Out , which is an amazing film !
I'm entering ' s Giveaway to win a FREE copy of PokemonSunMoon & amp ; other POKEMON PRIZES ! You can too !
The EVEN BIGGER Zelda + Mario Giveaway
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in The Weather Channel .
A protector of Syrias ancient past executed by Islamic State militants via
Tropical Chicken and Rice - via
The Original Fly Girl : 20 Things You Probably Didn't Know About Bessie Coleman
Seafood Gumbo Recipe | Leite's Culinaria via
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Weather Channel .
The real and only Haunted House via
It worked well after I washed my hair . Helps add body .
how to throw a swingin ( and easy ) fondue party
errands , errands , errands !
Loving the madness ... marchmadness
tell me something good !
I'm up for a NY trip soon ... when do you have time off ? Jan ? March ?
Post walk snuggles with the little dog niece
Kansas hoops coach Bill Self booed before at-bat , gets cheered after homer & amp ; gets mobbed by teammates . CelebSoftball ...
For those saying "" if Obama wins I'm going to Australia "" our PM is a single atheist woman & amp ; we have universal he ...
Hmmmm , everyone has the flu and no one is here ? Interesting ....
Volume 2 is just about ready to be released but we need some folks willing to review ARCs . we need YOU ! ! !
No surprises today . Bill Self told me Rio Adams is definitely transferring from KU per their Monday meeting .
Good for Jason Collins coming out , I guess . Still think people shouldn't have to "" come out "" .... shouldn't be an issue . happymonday equality
Straight marriages are so 4000 BC .
H & amp ; R Block suffers in brand rankings :
Great work . Lawrence man under arrest after crashes near Sixth and Michigan on
Beware of the February slump ! Jayhawks kuvut
Did you stay up to watch the Blood moon ? I heard you could see the words "" You're a loser , why are you looking at the moon
I challenge everyone to fill an ice bucket with freezing cold ice-water to raise awareness for keeping beverages colder d
Dang ... that was pretty neat . StandUpToCancer Game 3 Royals
We've got next . yesss !
C'mon , Turg ! ! ! rockchalk
We are experiencing technical difficulties and will have game on as soon as possible . USA 10 Serbia 10 with 3:3
Thanks for the chuckle , StillRoyal
NaNoWriMo 15 writerslife The pain of querying
Why I Said "" No "" to NaNoWriMo This Year
The great Harper Lee has died at the age of 89 .
if you want us to schedule an LKPDtweetalong
What is the world coming to ?
Overheard in 2026 : I know of this one man , hes so rich , he went to a DOCTOR .
Just got done cleaning w dorothy now Hanging out w zoe and just having fun !
lol im rocking on guitar hero very adictive !
No more braces yeah !
Ive gotten dragged to see g i joe hope its good !
i made this song legendary throughout weeb vine
IM SO SHOOK I NEED THE HAMILTON MIXTAPE RN
why you gotta expose me like this
i think im gonna bring junko then bc i just have to revamp a few things and shes done
im asking for a tap board for christmas lets see if any of my fam is crazy enough to get it for me
Here's the real Person of The Year .
only real 90s kids remember
also that time i spent an hour photoshopping john cena's face onto lapiz
my sister taught herself the entire tt dance last night i thought she was kidding but she did the whole thing for me im dying
ah another fire emblem game for me to not finish
fuck all of you im safe
im entirely positive i own this same exact sweater fuckin christ
i cant believe april invented tennis
me showin up to fight
listening to sincerely me is fun until you feel the impending doom of eventually seeing animations of various "" sin "" ships singing it
if my lil sis cosplays d . va which parent should i babysit her as
when ur dad went to the dark side so you gotta roast him
I GOT THE NEW WIDOW SKIN IN MY FIRST SUMMER GAMES LOOT BOX I AM BLESSED
i wish i could be pumped for the new tt series but i just feel like its gonna be mad disappointing tbh
"" how can you be so bad at mercy ? "" "" you dont even have to aim "" "" literally the easiest healer ""
fucikcjdjdjdk u right , i do like the new dva rockets at least
still making vines at conventions legends only
i cant even explain this one to yall
I FINALLY STARTED SEASON TWO OF MIRACULOUS AND THEYRE GIVING ZERO FUCKS I LOVE IT
YOU SAID YOUD JUST BE A SECOND , DAVE .
Playing trivia at locos .
Top of U2 ' s stage protruding out of Soldier Field .
I'm at Times Square in New York , NY
do you have any idea when you will be rolling out the Mango update for the Omnia 7 ?
I am not a security vulnerability ! JoBrodie : TheRegister Alby moonpig MoonpigUK lol I have never noticed that before though I am official ...
holy wow i woke up before my alarm ! this is insanity .
silly song lyrics are successfully written ! wedding at T minus ... i dunno 5 hours ?
I can buy indiana jones and the fate of atlantis on Steam for 5 dollars . I need exams to be over soon so i can do this .
happened with mine too . don't worry about it , yours will last a while
but anyway yeah Twitter is too brief for a useful convo on this
Very cool . Machado throws to Wieters . They hugged after .
"" Hillary Clinton , career woman , has a cold and barren womb , untouched by the pure maternal instinct . "" - Progressive
it's got a bunch of neat predictive stats , and even more bizarre meaningless but super fun small sample trivia ! :D
I'm surprised he didn't say something like "" the effervescent quantum entangled spirit of ignorance flows in Trump ""
I am v . happy that this convo has looped all the way around to Dracula
Thailand confirms its first case of MERS
Results are in : Mental health hikes , alternative honesty , PTSD and more
Have allergies ? How to find the right pet
Parents , you can stop the worst of social media stress - As the mom of two girls , ages 7 and 9 , there are countles ...
Healing veterans ' trauma through yoga - It might surprise some , but at veterans ' centers around the country , li ...
Zika virus reported in Puerto Rico
Whooping cough protection fades fast after Tdap booster , study finds
First U . S . patient to undergo uterus transplant has organ removed
The "" Dirty Dozen "" produce with the most pesticides - Pesticide residue can stay on produce even after you wash ...
Doctors perform first U . S . penis transplant - Doctors at Massachusetts General Hospital performed the first U . S ...
' Miracle ' survivor of Kalamazoo shooting faces new danger - The 14 - year-old victim of a Michigan mass shooting ...
Scott and Mark Kelly get personal about spaceflight - Although they never flew in space together , twins and ret ...
Before Zika : The virus that helped legalize abortion in the US
New labels warn against mixing opioids , benzodiazepines - In the Food and Drug Administration's latest move to ...
5 things you need to know about antimicrobial resistance - Global leaders met at the United Nationals General A ...
Pilot spots sharks from above to save surfers - When the kids are back in school and family vacations have come ...
Paralyzed monkeys regain leg control after brain implants - A new form of brain implant could one day help peop ...
Young mom struggles with Parkinson's - Sometimes , you don't know the exact moment when your life has changed .
Denver Broncos head coach steps down due to health - Less than a year after winning the Super Bowl , Gary Kubiak ...
Abortion laws around the world : from bans to personal choice
Dating coaches : how to find love - You may be hugged up and cozy on the couch with your boyfriend , wife or sign ...
Jane Austen poisoned with arsenic ? Not so fast , experts say - Three antiquated pairs of spectacles displayed in ...
Hangry , sext , alt-right : adds 300 new words - Steel yourselves , language pedants : ...
Baby girl back with family after removal of parasitic twin - Six weeks after a risky but successful surgery in ...
Scientists use stem cells in fat to repair joints
More women than ever elected in the UK , would it work in the US ?
Doctors find 27 contact lenses in woman's eye - A 67 - year-old woman scheduled for routine cataract surgery in N ...
Scientists edit pig genome with goal of human organ transplants
Frustrated first responders have to ignore Irma 911 calls
Police issue warrants for 10 frat members after LSU student's death
When the hospital looks like a ' war zone ' - "" These things are now unfortunately part of our reality - - our sad ...
Increase in accidental deaths follows spike in gun sales , study finds - After 26 children and educators were gunned
So it will still be me watching Quantico later since I will be watching Timeless at 10pm on Mondays . : )
NowPlaying Dancing With Myself - 2001 Digital Remaster by Billy Idol
NowPlaying Let's Go by The Cars
Another great episode of Grimm . Can't wait to watch the next one .
That's definitely good then . : )
Maybe you could be on when is on again ? She tweeted me back w / soon . Definitely would be a great episode of TalkingDead .
This kind of reminds me of Mr . Wizard's World . : ) TalkingDead
I got : Octavia Spencer Can We Guess Which Oscar Winner You Would Be Best Friends With ? via
lion & amp ; tiger KongQuiz KongSkullIsland
Another great episode of SleepyHollow . Can't wait to watch the next one . RenewSleepyHollow
New episode of SleepyHollow at 9:01 pm .
I got Jughead Jones . This Number Game Will Predict What Your Riverdale Life Would Be via
I unlocked the InternationalJazzDay sticker TelfieApp
I got 17 . Pretend To Order From A Mall Food Court & amp ; We Can Tell How Old You Are Will be 37 on the 19th .
NowPlaying Down In The Park by Gary Numan
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Butterhorn Pop !
I unlocked the ChesapeakeShores : Coming Soon to HallmarkChannel sticker on telfie
NowPlaying Doctor Who Theme Album Version by BBC National Orchestra Of Wales
NowPlaying Charlotte Sometimes [ Single Version ] by The Cure
I unlocked the RaceYourMouseDay sticker on telfie
I voted Burgers . "" Which food do you choose to never eat again ? "" via
& amp ; follow for a chance to win this Disney Beauty & amp ; the Beast Tattoo Flash Duffle Bag !
I unlocked the TechiesDay sticker on telfie
& amp ; follow for a chance to win a StrangerThings Eleven Dorbz ! StrangerThursdays
So , you never saw the ThorRagnarok emojis before ?
& amp ; follow for your chance to WIN a New York Comic Con exclusive Death Star Droid [white] ! StarWars htt
Good times with good people
NowPlaying Happy Endings by Eight Seconds
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an NYCC 2017 exclusive Boggart as Snape Pop !
The best time of year !
Great entry plus interesting comments : Blog : In Defense Of Indianapolis
Sitting here wishing I could go to Indy 500 . Lived here 40 years and never been . Hey is there room in your winning limo ?
scratchburger with butter beans and andouille . Katie had grilled cheese .
FiscalCliff talks break down . It's the apocalypse ! "" This is the first battle in a war & amp ; the Dems will eventually win ! ""
There's a difference between active thought and taking action . Make moves for what you desire in life . Your girl look like Jo
Note that Fever TV play-by-play man ChrisDenari also does the local TV for ... We love all hoops in IN WNBAPlayoffs
So sad to see Sylvia Fowles shoot so poorly today , the Sky can win without 11 but everyone has to play perfectly . Sad for 11 too .
"" Black Men : Im Tired of Feeling Like Someones Enemy "" policeviolence racism
End of season makes me sad . A great year . Saw and score 30 & amp ; said goodbye to & amp ; Thx !
The iOS 8 keyboard is Orwellianly pleasant in the ways it tries to steer the way you type . With bonus crappy U2 album included .
The top city for creating millionaires in 2013 was Dallas . Im wanting it to make me one soon too .
One shortcoming of Holder DoJ legacy for Dems : Justice never fought for new majority-black districts in AL , LA , or SC in ' 1
HBD going to listen to your song after I finish this Bobby Byrd track . Been giving soul clinics by tweet a lot lately .
The last five tweets about mydad will be posted at random times between now & amp ; tomorrow at noon . Thanks for everyones support .
ICYMI yesterday , the Pacers were granted a 2nd injury hardship relief exception to keep a 16th player on the roster :
Very , very proud of the young women on NDWBB for taking a stand today during warmups . GoIrish
Watching my Irish WBB team shooting like champs . ndwbb GoIrish
"" What a glorious task we are given , to continually try to improve this great nation of ours . "" President Obama Selma 50 M
UConn embraces its role as the favorite via
Now the game is being delayed due to game clock not working .... wth San Antonio ... TULvsSAS
Used to be asked "" is she your sister ? "" when I watched women's soccer in pubs . And less pleasant queries . Nice to see Fra
Wow . KMac , Alex and Jia will be out tomorrow against the LA Sparks ; listed as probable is the only good news . wnba
Looks like clawing their way back into this one . INDvsSAS WNBA
Another thing said yesterday was that the league is going to promote the hell out of 20th anniversary of founding . Smart move .
My second set of basketball memories involves watching my Southport HS WBB team win the Indiana state title in 1980 against all odds , epic
95,000 Words , Many of Them Ominous , From Donald Trumps Tongue
the 23k super surveys and 15k Firestone help me out daily
Say to your MVP WNBAOverseas WKBL Wibee
Equivocate on pedophilia . "" Both sides "" the civil war . Coddle white supremacists . Shrug at gun massacres . Elevate sexual har
As a hoops fan , I would be over the moon if purchased the . I trust Rosie .
is up early asking God to break hearts ( including his ) as Troy and Kim Geesaman share their story of faith since their son ( Curtis ' ) death .
up early . Asking God 2 help me as I share the gospel while trying to comfort the Rader family 2day at their son's funeral . Need ur prayers
niece , Aimee Hall , is taking him to airport 3:30 am . Lexington , Chicago , Denver , and Springfield , MO . Gotta love cheap tix . liftsm
wonderful evening with Pastor & Mrs . Brown & LIFT 09 summer support staff cookout . ( Pastor got to break in his new grill ) . liftsm
took Alex to school today . Taking my niece to DFW airport to return home , & spending the day with my lovely wife . Working in TX LIFT office .
"" what does Santa call reindeer who won't work ? Breakfast . "" Stefanie is making b'fast for Alex , her mom , Aimee , Zig , & me ( w / o reindeer )
Children's museum w / Alex and speaking at Vienna Baptist youth rally tonight . In the middle more NCAA action . Go Cats .
Preparing for bed . Tomorrow expecting a record number of students to attend youth camp in United Kingdom . Praying for God to make history .
In the dark w 500 students for LIFT / LeTourneau worshipping our Lord . Darkness can't stop His light
Exciting day Canyon Creek . We've seen attendance grow 100 people since February w people being saved or joining nearly every service . PTL
HAPPPY THANKGIVING to my wonderful family , my KY family , my CCBM family , my LIFT family . Grateful for your love and support . Phil . 1:3 , 4
Had my house broke into today . Pretty sure I know who .
just watched video that was the way I was raised and its hard to break the cycle but u have to thanks for the outrage I agree
love your blow by blow updates ! bigrichtexas
Selling Magic : the gathering cards . If interested pm me !
Along the loom of the land , sigh GetGlue NickCaveAndTheBadSeeds
I unlocked the Dallas : False Confessions sticker on GetGlue !
I unlocked the Orphan Black : Variation Under Nature sticker on GetGlue ! OrphanBlack
Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds - If I Had A Gun ... via
More work by Mr . Awesome
yep this is my favorite David picture now
Working on Tennant on tennanttuesday doctorwho savetheday
Wow . This crossover of DrWho and Sherlock is fan-made . This is just kind of Mind blowing . WHOLOCK
First times a charm !
Size 27 citizens of humanity jeans , great condition , $ 10 . Text 5805044014 .
Spring is the time forfaires
I just entered a contest : Seeing Red polyvoreStyle
I hate Christmas . It might be different if I had a family that wanted me around , but that's not the cards I was delt . Oh well
Hell , they all throw shade at each other in their confessionals !
This current charter ... BelowDeckMed
Whenever I hear of a shooter with no ties and who lived a normal life , I immediately think MKUltra , McMahon ! LasVegas
I can relate ! Haha ! Try doing that when your 9 months pregnant ! thestruggle shortgirlproblems
This looks so fun ! Christmas hair festive tree ChristmasTree littlegirls funhair longhair
Give the gift of confidence ! ! love life confidence valentines valentinesday giftidea skincare
I need this shirt ! !
New here ... kids at work say Twitter is awesome so i thought i'd check it out ...
Hello Kitty Kawaii Town You've got Illuminated tree 2 for 5 stamp ( s ) ! hellokittykawaiitown
Hello Kitty Kawaii Town You've got My Melody for 23 stamp ( s ) ! hellokittykawaiitown
RARE Classic pulled from the Tupperware Vault ! Only available until tomorrow ! DONT MISS OUT !
Google Pixel XL International Giveaway giveaway
ahh I wanna goo I love Egyptian stuff
it's so weird being this tired at almost 10pm jetlag itsreally 4AM
you would be left in awe
should I do it or nah ?
thank you love , I appreciate it
"" I'm proud of you ""
MERDE J'ADORE TELLEMENT CE BOUT D'SCAN QUOI .
TELL ME OIKAWA WOULDN'T GET THESE LMAO
they have a Genos one i'm shook
It's been awhile since the last time I drew robobaby .
things i'm good at : disliking myself , being inadequate things i'm bad at : literally everything else ? ?
You wipe your ass before you take a shit aswell dont you
the thirsty dude who mentioned you followed me i'm so confused
The people who don't see the issue gotta live in the middle of nowhere cause bitch I can't even see jersey . THEY GOT MY ST
it's 3:30 am and i'm singing How Far I'll Go from Moana in Goofy's voice i'm so sorry
for every time i blink i'm gonna pet him and tell him how he's going to be a great hero jfc i'm proud of my boi
yeah i guess u couldsay im fuckin crying
Why do spiders have to be the thing inside houses Why can't it be hamsters Why can't I open a drawer & amp ; see a tiny hamst
i did some today but i'm like i hate cleaning lol
NASAs Juno probe took some raw images of Jupiter AND JUST LOOK AT THEM ! ! ! ! !
Dadzawa rt if you agree
I just entered to win a briefcase full of cash and you can too ! bettercallsaul sweeps
Haha no ! Not you ! !
Baby otter drinking from a bottle
don't even fucking play like that , I'll beat you up
then tweet it pussy , we'll see if these people believe it
it dosnt make either of us look good ok ? You pissed on me and I got pissed on now we look dumb
shit ain't funny ... Brit is bae
is this about ? ? If not then this is awk
yeah I'd hit her with a bat
tell her she looks absolutely lovely today
Lil throw back jus cuz ClassForTheAss
Lol mom stfu when I walk into school there's a flood warning WetBitches
I GO HARD IN THE MOTHERFUCKING CAKE NIGGA BUNCH A STEAK NIGGA , HEART ATTACK WHEN IM 8 NIGGA
Alaska's so gay that not even Ebola wants to come here
ones for an underwear ad ... Ones professional football
Wow I'm glad I only drank like 5282636292 626 million of these before they were exposed
Lol real sit though I need to take a nap real quick I'm tired as fuck
Just wait till this broccoli remix drops
I'm about this close to losing my shit
Hats off to you for real
Why does it have to be like this ...
Dead Island Could Be Coming To Theaters
I'm at Clinch Valley Medical Center ( Hill St , Richlands )
Opening Cinematic Of Gears Of War 3 Released
I'm at Lewis Gale Medical Center ( 1900 Electric Rd , Salem )
There ya go ! Thanks a million !
Friends , do not forget The black ESEE Candiru with Orange scales included ends tonight at 11PM Central Time . Re-Tweet ...
Thank you the amazing nats fans you made this year a memorable one ! Also thanks to the most amazing teammates in the ...
My daily stats : 1 new follower via
Check out updates on 6FFH : Salvation as well as a FREE short story and the release of 6FFH : Response on Smashwords .
Get your kindle zombified ! An excerpt cantputdown zombie apoc The Complex samplesatu ...
Angel French heres the song they did on Totally Biased , all I have to say is WOW !
30 years old ... younger than I am
Well that didn't take long ...
Just got a free t-shirt from the Virginia Lottery for being one of the first 100 Z-VA members to earn 3 badges ! ...
One of my favorite shows :)
USA ! USA ! Sweet victory for USA Hockey
Last day to get Six Feet From Hell : Books 1-3 FREE !
Soooo many good shows coming in the next 6 months or so . The Last Ship is from June-Aug , The Strain goes from ...
I got tagged to : "" Pick 15 films that have stayed with you most of your life . Don't think about it , just do it ....
Free Book - Six Feet From Hell : Salvation by SciFi FreeKindleBooks
Sad news to report : former UNC head coach Dean Smith passed away on Saturday night at age 83 . ht
Remember to leave a review when you are finished !
Some music for the long ride home listening to Five Finger Death Punch
Spotlight On : Scott Lefebvre WinterofZombie via
Teaser : Brice Chandler WinterofZombie via
This definitely put a smile on my face . the little things .
can you record it ?
Sitting in a ground blind with my baby girl !
My three year old called his nipples his polka dots . That is funny .
my favorite show ever . I'm so proud of you !
So Truett insisted story time come with masks , and this mask is apparently too small and smells like
two potty mouth words within 5 minutes ! ? I raised you better Mr . handle .
My boys still have room for more !
House Republicans Cut Administration Funding Request To Fight Ebola
. @Fair_Reform try doing business in Somalia . I hear businesses there don't have to pay any taxes . EndUSACorporateWelfa
It was @beginning of Nixon Admin . Funny : she was Democrat & amp ; not Republican till 1975
If you're in Ferguson , know your rights & amp ; record police abuses using our Mobile Justice app
ICYMI ' Better Call Saul ' Sneak Peek Has Its Shirt Together ( Exclusive Video )
Just had to share this for our friend
Hospital FIVE mins away . Please help . Toledo 2 small & amp ; 2 caught up in Poverty 2 fight hard . Again , Promedica ToledoHospital PR is ..
SignsYoureRightWing You love the fetus , but hate the child .
IAwokeToFind I'd slept 100 years & amp ; now stuck in Dystopian 12Monkeys Future . Help !
ALittleKnownFactAbout GuineaPigs They r plotting 2 overthrow Humanity . Damn dirty Cavies !
Why the OscarsSoWhite fuss matters ! Great article . Images on the big screen & amp ; recognition of talent matters .
[ Nick Cave - Stagger Lee - YouTube ] is good , have a look at it ! MusicMemories
Happy IndependenceDay Secular America . Remember : We are not a Christian Nation . Celebrate our freedoms , including free
Western & amp ; Southern sued for discrimination over Anna Louise Inn -
"" Los Angeles has over hundreds of gangs , what can one do alone ? "" Vickie Williams
DAILY STAR : MY DRUGS AND BOOZE BINGE MELTDOWN skypapers
Guess what ? I have not viewed any of their shows , not one of them . Ha !
ICYMI Sandra Bullock orbiting another project . George Clooney is producing
Justin Bieber has been INJURED ! !
This father / daughter dance WORKED IT out on QLShow 2 Problem . WATCH :
Hi , I hope to make a movie about my life . "" The True Story Of A QueenPin "" . My life living with a KingPin . Serious inquires only . Thanks .
George Clooney Gets Married : Celebs Offer Congrats on Twitter
Mark Zuckerberg donates $ 25 million to fight Ebola
Bill Cosby : A History of Alleged Rapes and Cover-Ups with Mark Ebner : via
Why in the hell would I want to spend my Christmas watching a movie that could get me killed . I don't take to threats lightly .
7 Foods That Help Fight Headaches via
OK , Sheila daughter and Fabio returns , now that would make for excitement .
Bobbi Kristina Brown Placed Back in Coma After Suffering Seizures via
Senate deal on trafficking clears way for Loretta Lynch vote via
Maya Rudolphs Rachel Dolezal impression is SPOT ON ( via )
Ohio woman arrested for locking out daughter in 90 - degree heat : police via
What can the USA do about this situation in Paris ?
This knife collection might help explain the citys slashing problem
Kroger looking to fill 740 positions in Greater Cincinnati area
I can't believe that anyone would vote for Trump . I knew that there were a lot of indifferent people on the ...
I hope that all is well .
2 Teens Use Drone to Track and Catch Boat Thieves via
I see that I lost another follower . Chumps .
That's about to end .
Is this some sort of a race between Kim & amp ; Bay ?
That is such bull .
DropOutHillary We did our research and you're no good .
Rt Hong Kong brides say ' I don't ' to shark fin soup
Rt CITI : Demand For iPhones And iPads Is Shrinking $ AAPL by
ECB's Draghi : Risks to economy still on downside , economic activity should stabilize , recover gradually in second half of year
l8 0603 003 5016 6 no sho
rt AdvisorChat - has Fed's announcement of slowing quantitative easing program been fully factored into the markets ? ...
monsooning in YVR , rainfall warning
only 99 more days until xmas ?
BlackBerry ( $ BBRY ) is likely to close its buyout offer from Fairfax Financial below $ 9 , analysts say
lots of reardoor boarding NB003 Main & amp ; Terminal
rt Barenaked Ladies ' SeaWorld gig is off after band sees ' Blackfish ' .
Try this : Look back over the past 10 to 20 years & amp ; list the most important innovations . Notice this trend ?
Cdn tax payers help lower Unempl rate incr hires in FedGovt $ bloating
no PA announcement when the train 2main approached bigguess
Rt Canada's National Firearms Association blasts gun rules after deadly attack monctonshooting ...
/ www.theglobeandmail.com / report-on-business / target-canada-asks-suppliers-for-cost-break-to-share-struggles / article 19717352 /
studying reading correlation systematic vs non-systematic . watching early european mkts Scotland GBP EUR
next FX leg $ US trips , e and gains .
UK weekly earnings in 2014 adjusted for inflation -1.6 % , meaning 6 years of decline . Real wages now at levels last seen i
wti $ 51.76 strong $ USD
"" largely in part-time work ""
slowglobalgrowth fallowdemand could push inventories up
$ USD up , commodities down . Rate hike delayed . Deflation .
Fed raises interest rates , first time since 2006
how come the 6:01 3 50166 is so late
just rode 33 & amp ; the driver did nothing .
Patty , answer this question : has Hillary , ever in her life , done anything wrong ?
Centrist scumbags continue making random false accusations for fun . This is one of Noah Berlatsky's fans who called Jewis
anyway - I mean that , I'm rooting for the Democrat . It's painful because I still think their party is a major impediment to
"" RT if - "" no
WE HAVE 30 DAYS BEFORE THIS GOES INTO EFFECT : The Department of Labor wants to allow restaurateurs to collect tips + redistrib
Ask him why he won't demand other se
So this is why he wants to be a senator ?
It hasn't even beem 24 hours !
Lol youre so mad rn . Btw , did I m
That's impossible for her , but I commend the effort
I swear you have the best account
Aside from the fact that every bomb the Saudis dropped on civilians in Yemen and every weapon they used to arm terrorists
I plan to . But I'm just happy that my state is possibly moving away from extremism . Cent
LOL i can link the whole thread . Bravenek , stop your lying . Like literally everything you po
Lmao you're lucky . I've known about him for a while .
No one is forcing you to respond .
Um ... excuse you ? I got these a few weeks back .
! ! ! ! Aspergirl spent time making that whiny garbage omg .
Remember when Obama was quiet during Occupy Wallstreet ?
Gibson , Kevin smith or mark Ingram for a flex spot what do u think
if you could fathom the depth of my feelings for Kanye West you would have an aneurysm
Even if everything else went wrong today , I did eat a lot of cream cheese .
I'm sure there are people who can do three things on a Saturday but I definitely can only do two .
Because of David Letterman , I will always remember that there is no off position on the genius switch . ThanksDave
INTERVIEWER : What's your biggest weakness ? VANILLA ICE : I've been known to steal under pressure
you applaud that , you will make it so that i must keep coming up with puns
if you're spending Lazy Sunday with the MountainMen marathon on before our Season Finale at 9/8 c .
Eivin is fixing the "" Eivin ! ! ! "" From last week on tonight .
Christmas shopping / date night with the hubby :) happy and tired
ah that is no fun , warmer though this fireplace is my dream :)
yeah .... wish I'd have known my lake was frozen today . No fishing for me .... did some practice casting so no loss
knocking out there work today .... 8 acres worth . Just kidding I can't do that much at once !
Breakfast for dinner , fire , knitting , and hot apple cider . Not bad considering it is all just to keep me occupied while hubby works late .
I'm definitely a tractor girl ! I always knew I wanted one , owning one makes me realize how much I've needed this tractorgirl
This whole work thing is cutting into my spinning time . stupidadulting
Google's concurrent multi-user support is a pretty decent go at it , but sometimes it's just back asswards .
Tonight's starting QB : Terrelle Pryor : 162 rush yards in 2 games this season . Peyton Manning : 167 rush yards in last 10
If says "" ok "" and gives me irrelevant results one more time , I'm going ask again with more gusto , passive aggressively . sendhelp
Thank you to Dan Mall for his vote of confidence . We are humbled by the company we keep .
Checking out the new app by Looking pretty tight !
Give him a big angsty hug from me . Tears optional .
Can't update it ? Rough ! There's usually security fixes in those updates !
Looking good ! Beautiful update :)
Or Friday , either works for me .
Hey Seth , we all set up a pretty extensive Gmail filter system which works surprisingly well !
A6 : Community support is vital for me , and transparency helps hold me accountable ( personal choice , YMMV ! ) bufferchat
Here you are Stephen , enjoy ! 3PHMLTWERTAW
. @redman explains why multiple team members might respond to inquiries : InboundAMA htt
On life doing "" Full-Stack Development at Fan . si "" - ( @getfansi )
So proud of this one by and Introducing the Diversity Dashboard
A11 3/3 Completely and totally committing to remote was a choice , but has made the * very best * of our remote work situation ! StartupChats
Love this : "" @sunils34 , CTO at Buffer on scaling products , hiring engineers & amp ; building culture ""
It's so fun to see people in the team start taking paid vacation ( we do $ 1k pp + $ 500 per dependent ) . Time off i
An incredible video on privilege and tech that I re-watch every couple months A Talk About Nothing by
A Simple Web Developer's Guide To Color
Improving Video Playback on Android Instagram Engineering
Our brand new podcast is here ! The Science of Social Media is officially live on iTunes !
Joe ! ! Well deserved
"" Repeat after me : I do not have to finish a project before I move on to the next one . ""
I just published How to navigate a leadership transition
Something Is Not Better Than Nothing : Embracing Negative Space In Your Product Development Process
Oh neat ! Do you have one of these magical devices ? If so , does it work ?
"" How Being Open and Honest Made Me a Better Leader "" - love this post from
Oh , also Now I Know by Dan Lewis . Easy read with some interesting facts / trivia each day .
You could probably build a focused / more curated version of Twitter by combining the right Slack workspaces ...
Check out "" KEEP CALM AND Yell Go Tigers ! "" from Keep Calm-o-matic at via
apple cinnamon chimichangas ... Ummmm YES
Cheesy Spinach Dip Chicken Pasta - your new favorite dinner ! Spinach dip and pasta get together to c
wonderkitchen : Braided Nutella Bread . Beautiful presentation for cinnamon bread too .
Gabi thinks she's home at Wendy's . She took her boots off and everything !
The Women's T & amp ; F team destroyed 2 school-records over the weekend ! Way to go ! HailState
I just finished day 2 of the Plan 12 Leadership Ideas To Do With Your Kids . Check it out here :
Showing your State pride with the new HailState emojis ? You can check them out here :
5 of 5 stars to Fermentation for Beginners by Jessica Avery
Tell us about a positive experience youve had with AVEENO Skin Relief products . sponsored AveenoAdvocates
I just unlocked the Smarty Pants - Level 1 Badge at momsmeet !
WIN a $ 100 American Express Shopping Spree
WIN a $ 50 CVS / pharmacy Gift Card
This is one of my all time favorite movies I have probably seen it 20 times . I dont want ...
It would have been great to have GoGo squeeZ YogurtZ while Gabi was roller skating ! 2cooltobecold sponsored
5 of 5 stars to Revival by Stephen King
I was awarded the Squats Hero badge in the Runtastic Squats PRO app ! pumpit
Feeling like hell today . Have a lot on my mind . Whole world crashing down around me . I need a whole life makeover .
33 Worst Band Names in History
I never stopped . Its always in rotation . Has anybody else stopped to listen to Fleetwood Mac's ( cont )
So sad . Sorry for your loss . RT FOR ALL WHO KNOW HIM NOW : Daniel A . Hamilton Obituary : View Dani ( cont )
Song of the day "" 37 Stitches ""
Wow ! Just checked it out too . RT Omg Michael I just checked out twitterafterdar ( cont )
If I missed any of my cool friends in my follows I apologize . I go in alphabetical order and sometimes miss so ( cont )
Worst tattoo customer in history . Too funny , but I would have kicked her ass out of the shop . via
Run them over . I'm a terrible road rager I also hate when u wanna back outt ( cont )
Junk ... bologna and cheese sandwhich with BBQ chips smashed on it , potato salad , and olives
Agreed ! I agree ... I'm totally against drinking and driving
It's been a long time since I have been on here . I am very much disappointed that Twitter got rid of deck.ly . I need more than 140 sometimes
Please please please come to Cincinnati or Columbus OH on this tour . I have been waiting many years for this reunion .
Pretty lame day , but got good news . I will be getting my new clutch put in my car soon . The estimate I got was about $ 1000 less . Woohoo !
OMG ! Priceless ROFLMAO ! ! ! The Smith family's reaction to Miley Cyrus ' performance ... Priceless VMA
Unless you really really want to lol ;) j / k what kind of set up do you use ?
not only did he pull his hair he yanked on his arm .
You Live & amp ; You Learn
I Wana Go to Amsterdam .. Fareal doe
3rd and 10 TIGERS ! ! ! COME ON TROJANS ! ! ! wyovarsity KWFootball
Free yourself from fear & amp ; worry by focusing on your goals & amp ; dreams . Same amount of energy . Totally different results .
It's my Friday and I am def going to work in my pajamas . Living the dream .
come visit us , I like your company
Me when the hound came back I'm so excited ! gameofthrones thehound
Also there is a LOT of fierce lady power happening rn and I LOVE it . GameofThrones
There may not be a real difference between pink and regular lemonade , but the pink stuff makes my soul so happy .
the BlackBerry Classic is a solid phone .
Who immediately comes to mind
i like online shopping and putting everything i want in a cart then checking my subtotal and laughing and closing the tab
If he sniffs any more forcefully , the mic will become lodged in his overworked septum . debate
Trying to eat healthy today , but I'm super tempted to just get a huge-ass sandwich from Subway . I am being tested .
It's 91 degrees in mid-November and the president-elect wants to cut 100 billion dollars in federal climate change spending
Uh ok ? So let's audit the whole fucking thing .
hush , you are a flawless land mermaid and you are gorgeous always .
Thank the lord , the gym was blissfully empty at 5:30 this morning .
I wish I were able to attend the WomensMarch and I am so proud of everyone out there today .
This morning's progress pic . 119lbs .
Hopefully will have news on full time tomorrow !
I am incapable of interpreting a wink as anything but innuendo .
This morning's gym time was exaaaaactly what I needed . Good for the soul .
Don't mind me , just going to bed at 6am .
why does nobody think this is funny , this is the most hilarious joke I've heard all year
Both for different reasons . Depends on my mood .
"" I'm going to sleep now "" - Translation : I'm going to lie in the dark and think about all the awkward things I've ever do
I just identified Ryan's sneeze from across the studio , by sound alone , and I don't know if I'm impressed with myself or concerned .
Cant get my head in the game today . I guess something is better than nothing though . gymstruggle
Diet peach tea Snapple is one of the great loves of my life .
Super slow work morning , so my coworker and I are both doing our nails . If youre looking for over-achievers , its probably not us .
Found a Transponder Snail ! Execution ! Are these the Straw Hats ' final moments ? ! TreCru
Found a Transponder Snail ! Take a look at the Fishmen behind Arlong Park ! TreCru
my son gave my komputer virtual herpes downloadn porn teenagers ! ! ! ! !
GOOD JOB CHOSEN 1 !
until they can shut down stadiums they're not worth you getting sore thumbs . justsaying
Meet Ricky the Bear and the Rainbow Egg - a storybook to help children recover from trauma . opsafe DT
Children need more than just food , shelter and medical care . They need hugs and hope . You can help DT
man could you send me your FB link ? Tryna find you on there is like whoa ! ! ! How there 999,999 Messy's ?
I was going to tell a gay joke , butt fuck it .
Shot a few New Videos -12/13 / 11 BGI SCALEN WSHH Locked me in Doe .
What's Coochie My Nigga ? EEEEWWWW ! ! ! ! Tame that cat fro ! ! !
Man I just woke up ! Happy New Year ! Be prosperous !
Watching Lockdown Down Under them Aussie's go hard !
So .. If you shoot and kill an unarmed black child you get away with it but if you're a black woman and fire a ...
I was jus in the movies dumb ass high look - follow on socialcam
Beef Patties = breakfast of champions
A Hundred Planes ( sndtrck ) ( NEW ARTWORK WITH FEATURES ) Rt !
( new exclusive mess leak ! ! ) 48 BARS UH KOKE "" MY BOLO PROJECT KOKE CYPHER "" -
Cypher 3 check it out | KOKE'N & amp ; PinkPiss'n | - WestCoast HussleUp
How can a little folded paper bird bring help and hope to tsunami survivors ? Watch and learn ! DT
LimitedEdition FillmoeNationVol 2 get up on mess AVAILABLE NOW !
my apologies ppl we almost ready to world premiere NEWVIDEO ! ! ! - [ @TheBOyBOyMEss ] SNEAKPEAK 2x
Get your copy of my new single [ #datpussyaintshit ] on iTunes : Art - 2x
Never use the "" R "" word again - for all my friends with special needs children DT
Great resource ! Download the OperationSAFE Child Trauma Field Manual and support ! DT
I have constructed Jewelry Factory in Cat Story Android , AndroidGames , GameInsight
I have bought Stone Mine in Cat Story Android , AndroidGames , GameInsight
I have completed the quest ' Clearing out the j ... ' in the Android game The Tribez . androidgames , gameinsight
I've harvested 170 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I have completed the quest ' Fulfill wishes at ... ' in the Android game The Tribez . androidgames , gameinsight
I have constructed Pascal's library in Cat Story Android , AndroidGames , GameInsight
New Post ! "" Disaster Mom "" by on
Dear god . Someone please teach me the proper way to use this thing . clueless
Weekend observation : I'd rather real camp than backyard camp . Church bells at 4:30 am and barking dogs ? No thanks .
If you don't share this nothing will happen
Sign Robert Reich's petition : Condemn Donald Trump's dangerous bigotry
I don't believe people have been sharing this post .
Is this about running or politics ?
Sign the petition : Ban assault weapons
I challenge Donald Trump to take the naturalization test
Stupid movie . But sometimes I would rather be able to do stuff and not be seen than the other way around . ...
people think I am brave ......
This is the unedited version of what happened in Times Square yesterday . I will probably be asked to remove it ...
Who would think that I would retweet this MR
Everybody should be diagnosed as quickly and accurately as I was . - Michael Ring's fundraising page for GBS | CIDP ...
straight up this is how a raccoon eats garbage
Sure ! Why wouldn't they support Walker ? This budget is only to help the wealthiest ! ! I hate that way of thinking .
Walker is definately a Dick ..... tator .
It's a shame society doesn't take pysch illnesses more seriously .
This wouldn't be an issue if men could get pregnant .
Hopefully he's focusing on winning ! !
James needs to do a twitter party ! ! !
I've held them , but I've learned to let go . It only ends up hurting you .
Sounds great ! What time ?
You may like this cartoon .
The adds say "" It's working , "" but with almost 10,000 jobs lost , it's not . Unless you are one of the 99 %
Yeah , that sounds a bit right .
Screw us .... and we multiply !
Anyone earning a middle class income or lower will be shipped to 3rd world countries , so they are no longer a burden . nextGOPhearing
Unfortunately , not fast enough .
The more reason to buy her a semi-automatic .
So , Randy , are you dim after playing a drum ? ROFLMAO ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Thinking about giving up beer , and getting healthy . Or maybe one of the two .
T minus 7 hours weareouttahere !
I just got kicked out of the Museum of Tolerance .
Might be tweeting this a 2nd time by accident . I think I should have gotten a white I AM R2 . I had all 10 . I'm PETEVENKMN
Me and my twin . What a great guy . PCMACL
I'll always support your mission . As a new eventrepreneur will proudly empower women ! BEinAWE
Why is Rubio , just accused of repeating the same line over and over , responding by repeating the same line over and over ? P
2Term Prez ExecOrder - Truman = 907 - Eisenhower = 484 - Nixon = 346 - Reagan = 381 - Clinton = 364 - Bush = 291 - Obama = 228 GOPDebate
gr8 anti-bullying Oscars [VIDEO] ad by Google's Android Team : "" Android : Rock , Paper , Scissors "" google
Here is a start for background on 1994 crime bill
I tried 2nite . Marco almost nuanced , Drumpf came w / hate on steroids
She better sing my song . Yas masterpiece . Lawd . realityshow was easily one of the top albums of 2015 . BlackGirlsRock
please help our DCcinderella get on a plane in Chicago and back to DC in time for the ball !
I salute u . Ran out of room 1st time
Culture really MATTERS AWEwomen assnchat eventprofs
Love this quote ! Sounds pretty naturopathic ! Thanks for a beautiful talk , Emily Telfair , ND . AANPFLI 2016
"" 27 industry players reveal their personal experiences of not feeling seen , heard or accepted in Hollywood ""
In its final season , Emmy winner brings the laughs . VoteHouseofLies SHOemmyFYC
Cersei walk in like GameofThrones
was robbed . She soooo deserved EmmyNominations along with UndergroundWGN
thanks for sharing about football , have a great Wednesday :)
Blown . Away . QueenSugar is perfection ! ! Acting , writing , music , cinematography , direction ... BRAVO ! ! !
Talent Matters Even More than People Think assnchat leadership AWEwomen
Hello 896 followers - thank you so much for following ! Wishing you all a happy Friday !
FollowFriday top Influencers this week ! Have a great weekend :)
Thanks for being top engaged community members this week :)
The Economy of Single Women on the 1APodcast . Are they in your biz plan ? AWEwomen assnchat marketing membership
MD in the house ! And Senate . AssociationsStrengthenAmerica pwra
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect :) have a great Thursday .
AI Primer for B-to-B Marketers : Understanding basics of applying AI to marketing assnchat strategy pcma
Mary Pat kicking off pcmaec !
AWEwomen assnchat associations ceo leadership diversity inclusion
Tomorrow I'm on Association Chat ! and I will talk change management . Join us ! assnchat
I have 7 new followers from USA , and more last week . See
Apparently I just have that employee look today cause everyone keeps asking me for help
What college is really like
When a girl cries , it's not usually over one thing . It's built up anger and emotions that she's been holding in for too
7 Reasons Why the "" Annie "" Remake is Going to be the Worst Remake of All Time ...
This model of Princess Zelda took more than 200 hours to build and stands at 56 tall
If you won't sing in the car with me when we drive , we can't be friends .
Just hoping there isn't a boiling water challenge next ...
I'm not allowed to drink caffeine after 7 PM because I don't go to sleep until 2 am lol my life
Ready to go conquer Rapture ..
jcrew is so amazing jcrew's prices are so amazingly high
In this cold weather , Mario's using his fireball to try and warm him and Peach up ! Smart thinking ! FreezingCold
me : * sleeps for 4 hours * tired me : * sleeps for 8 hours * tired me : * sleeps for a month * tired me : * sleeps for a year *
Today was hands down one of the most incredible days of my life . I'm still reeling at how awesome God
Let's go for a picnic
I'd give my left arm for a Roy Amiibo .
my heart says yes but my bank account balance says no
"" Look at this amiibo ""
I thought going on vacation was supposed to make me less tired ?
V tired but don't want to put my phone down because the addiction is real
my friends ' problems vs . my problems
Fall is just sad without bean boots , sweaters and plaid beanboots llbean
Let's sit under the stars
When my parents ask me what I want to do with my life
Currently explaining to Matthew that we are getting a Gerberian Shepsky .
Thanks for a great day , Charlotte . CLT Home KnightsBaseball
And I'm like , um , lady , I've lived here for like 2 years .
is rather surprised by how much he's enjoying the 99 - cent album "" 99 Perfectly Relaxing Songs "" from Amazon :
... a task which would have taken longer were it not for the fact that the general took the car with the weed eater twine in it .
looking forward to hearing pastor preach this evening . missed out on the Word this morn because had nursery dutyTis good to be in His house .
Enjoyed Dicken's Christmas Carol at SDC Opera House .
Halfway home . Just rain from here to the house .
Overheard on a SQL Server Consolidation presentation : "" SQL Server doesn't like to live on a server farm . It's a city boy . ""
5 bars of AT & T "" Edge "" does me no good if I can't move data . Oh well at least txt messages still works .
I find it fascinating / forboding that in 10 years 53 % of our industry's workforce will be or near retirement . Time for Knowledge Management ?
Now have a bike helmet what and where to trade up ? ? ?
Looking forward to Parent's Night Out and a hot date tonight with my Hummina Hummina at the new Houlihan's on Republic Road .
Both children in bed , bawling their eyes out . My work here is done .
That got my heart pumpin . Took apart the kitchen flue to extract a bird & it turned out to be a squirrel . Very glad I put on leather gloves !
Highly recommend St Johns Imaging Woodhurst next time you need a "" close-up "" Friendly staff , quick in & out . Next up : boy Or Girl ? UltraSound
Hmm apparently lockerzz can only handle 1 pic . Nursery light :
Jeannie gets to donate some Pampered Chef products for door prizes at the upcoming Fresh Grounded Faith women's conference . Very cool !
FYI , login page not recognizing email I had already verified , doesn't send verification code when try registering different email
Looking forward to Worship Nights in the summit . ( @ Second Baptist Church )
Indian food ! Good , possibly not as good as Gem of India , but much better prices and very attentive staff .
My fitbit Fitstats for 1/10 / 2014 : 3,141 steps and 1.5 miles traveled .
Jammin with Family Force Five WinterJam Huston Can't wait for Skillet !
My fitbit Fitstats_en_US for 8/ 22/2015 : 9,627 steps and 4.5 miles traveled .
The Samsung Galaxy S8 Giveaway | MakeUseOf Deals via
Nearly 3,500 Minnesota individuals and organizations have taken part in the MN Arts Count . Have you ? www.mnartscount.co ...
No S on my chest via it's been a fun week in our house w / lovethatman "" S "" onhisheart
Man , I hate when I have know idea what I'm going to be doing in a month ... let alone a year ! AUGGGGH ! ! ! !
That girl KILLED Taylor Swift on the at song ! thevoice
Help us end LRA violence . Visit to find out why and how . join us for KONY 2012
yeah it needs a LOT of work but i need to suck it up too ! nanowrimo
A Pixar artist is teaming up with Facebook to create new emoticons . Great , now I'll start crying every time I read a ...
Having trouble namin characters ? via
I was caught up in it I suppose . Too many handsome , gentlemanly , flirty men ! I didn't want anyone to be the bad guy .
55 degrees in August ... pssh ! It's Augtober now .
372 words . Writing about my antagonist's twisted mind ! Horrifying ! * shudders *
Imaginative artist & amp ; Witty writer : I'm Vincent van Voltaire , the brainchild of Vincent van Gogh and Voltaire
Braids are better when they're blue , am I right ? bluehairdontcare
I'm not sure I can handle the tension in my novel right now . nanowrimo needmorewords
Dana Milbank on Tillerson's Foreign Policy : Forget Human Rights via
Bannon = Goebbels . Says Media Should Keep Its Mouth Shut
The Peculiar Populism of Donald Trump
Trump : If these judges wanted to , in my opinion , help the court in terms of respect for the court , theyd do what they sho
"" I was given that information "" which isn't true but you don't care anyway . via
Why I Quit as a Teacher at Success Academy Charter Schools via
14 % Cut to Coast Guard , 11 % to FEMA . Nonsense
California waiter fired for asking customers to prove residency NoBanNoWallNoRaids
Another report from Galt's Gulch : Sears and ' Genius ' Hedge Fund Owner , in Slow Decline Together
Look at that , you son of a bitch . ""
Jackson gets early endorsement for Senate seat
The Meaning of Our Confederate Monuments
It's called having a country via
One of these two men is lying . I wonder if it's the guy who served 3 presidents from 2 parties or the one who said Obam
Why was this not stopped or On every MAJOR MEDIA OUTLET 24/7
Christie , his wife , his children and his son's friends have the run of a 10 - mile public island , where police are turning aw
"" Call your God who your God is : capitalism ""
All good - the people of WI01 are "" disappointed and frustrated "" with failure .
We're so excited to welcome to the WNYC Studios family !
The redesigned studio of Brazilian broadcaster is packed with augmented reality effectspowered by
We won't be subtle : THIS MEANS YOU , You've sold out NY's immigrant communities for years .
I'm grateful for the support of my superiors in the Society of Jesus . I am a Jesuit first and last .
I support the great Fr . Bob Beloin , the revered Catholic chaplain for standing up for our brothers and sister the
My school was bombed . Today I can go to school without fear . The world needs Peace , Pen and Book .
Happy Monday , Everyone ! Looking Forward To Another Week Of Infecting Every Aspect Of Your Daily Lives ! via
I think its much more telling that theres really good candidates and candidate recruitment around the country . I thin
A Congress controlled by millionaires solves rich people problems . A Congress made up of working people solves ours
Happy Birthday to Shirley Chisholm who wouldve been 93 today ! Unbossed and Unbought from Day 1 ! ! ItsTheBrooklynWay
A small Italian town can teach the world how to defuse controversial monuments | Carlo Invernizzi-Accetti
Tonight at 11/10 c , America breathes a sigh of relief knowing that Alabama isnt sending Cowboy Roman Polanski to the Sena
John Merrow Compares Eva Moskowitz to Mussolini : The Trains Run on Time via
I'm listening to Sky And Diamond by Susumu Yokota on Pandora pandora
I'm listening to "" I Will Always Love You "" by Whitney Houston on Pandora pandora
I'm listening to "" I'll Make It ( Live ) "" by Hezekiah Walker & amp ; The Love Fellowship Crusade Choir on Pandora pandora
braveheart love Ashanti new CD , worth the wait , love the way she write
I'm listening to "" Rhinestone Cowboy "" by Madvillain on Pandora pandora
I'm Viggling Chicago Fire . TV loves you back with ViggleTV . Watch TV . Earn Points . Get Rewards .
Have you heard He's Coming by on SoundCloud ?
listening to Wayman Tisdale Ready Or Not Pandora
listening to J Moss Give You More Pandora
See 10 of your favorite Christian bands for only $ 10 at the door ! Coming to Chattanooga , TN 3/15 / 15 winterjam
My new sounds : Committed To There Country [ B on SoundCloud
listening to Floetry Hey You , miss the duo , but like them individually too pandora
listenend to Marvin Sapp Worshipper In Me ; yea it is @marvinsapp pandora
22 years later and they find a knife on OJSimpson property ? ! ? ! Stop it ! ! !
listened to Mobb Deep Give Up The Goods ( Just Step ) ( Instrumental ) Pandora
I had 2 learn the difference between thugs & amp ; kings ; u have 2 learn the difference between queens & amp ; bitches ;
Is the color of your skin causing a divide in your family ? Share your story with us -
this struck my spirit in a positive way ; that was a word .... AMEN !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Weather Channel .
ISIS has warned America : "" We will leave none of you [alive] . "" SIGN & amp ; to demand the U . S . take immediate action :
Have you heard The Dawning Of Greatness by on SoundCloud ? np
Lord I need you Yes I need you Jesus , Jesus I don't mind waiting ! SoundsOfRevival
Submit your song for our ' TRASH IT or BLAST IT ' ! Blastit @time2grind . com email
The struggle is real ! If you missed MJBRealTalk , tune in now for the re-airing on
My meditation today : Above all else , guard your heart , for everything you do flows from it . Proverbs 4:23 NIV
Have you heard MY Love Foreal [ Radio Thought by on SoundCloud ? np
NowPlaying Just Don't Speak by 9th Wonder
Have you heard Fertile Soil [ Song ] by on SoundCloud ? np
India's State Bank gets $ 7 billion in deposits as ATMs run dry via
Are you a better talker or listener ? Talker Duhh
Do you believe in ' love at first sight ' ? Yesss
This summer just might be lit
Cant wait till my bday
Somebody told me i got nice skin
I use to wake up everyday with the breakfast club bruh
Going to the Hair Salon be like .
Please retweet : just signed petition ' GET BLAIR ( JUICYSTAR 07 ) ON GOSSIP GIRL ! ' -
Glenn Beck is the craziest douche bag on earth . The idea that people watch him and believe any of the crap he spouts is terrifying !
Take a nap or watch a Christmas movie .. hmmm ? ! ( & yes , I nap at 9:00 pm ) lol
Congrats to Reid Amos and Adam Zundell for MEC Media Day . Blowout win for the new conference .
Youth baseball pitchers who throw 8 + months / year are 5X more likely to require surgery .
Halftime adjustments will be interesting on both sides . WVU
Some confusion on the sideline as Bubby Johnson has fouled out - The sideline and coaching staff thought he onl
If only they WERE learning ... SSDD everynight
Holgorsen closing in on his 12th Big 12 win in his 32nd Big 12 game . Is this what AD Shane Lyons calls ' progress . '
Unbelievable . WVU could actually LOSE to this team . smh CactusBowl
A very deliberate act of kindness . Well done ! WLUwrestling MEC Toppers
The one thing Democrats AND Republicans can agree on . LOL ! noneoftheabove
Effort / intensity / focus has been a problem all year . It's why Adam Frazier stands out so much . BUCN Pirates
Last printed Pittsburgh Trib .
308 teams . Five 1st - team Academic All-Americans . Pretty strong stuff . elitecompany MEC WLathletics
This is going to make a lot of people happy ! Congratulations , Coach . ForeverATopper TopperNation
It's all TMZ to me . "" When news breaks ... we fix it ! "" Infotainment shameless
He may have it by the top of the 4th ! Waiting to hear NH talk about his busy weekend rearranging the
Today we presented Sydney with the game ball for getting her 500th career block last night . Syd is only 1 of 3 active p
You shouldn't rely on only an at-home pregnancy test . I don't know if that's the case , but you need to know for sure with this
Project Haystack needs you ! Help Iran & IranElection by making a contribution :
lol . I'm glad .
I'm looking forward to that . :)
I'm guilty by a rotten rule .
Everything's going slow ! ! I must restart this be-otch . I won't be long . Talk amongst yourselves .
Oh , it's way past when I should be off . /= Goodnight .
MUST READ Neda says ' It is my duty ' Iranelection
& last .... Reporters Without Borders send an open letter to the Aus PM over the net censorship filter ...
They're good photos . I like the other photos as well .
Stains on the carpet !
WE ARE THE WORLD . we are the PEOPLE .
Whoo-hoo ! We should let them play together and we'll have a lot of little alots !
what did you do there ?
I drove through a fence today . I don't have my license yet & my mom's been taking me to parking lots for practice . The car & fence are fine .
- second one from the right . It looks kind of purple in this picture .
that's like how cheesecakes can be slutty :
IT MAKES ME ANGRY WHEN SPAMBOTS TWEET AT AMANDA .
I want to sing a Smiths song on stickam sometime .
oh , and suede's songs are sexy . Maybe supermssive black hole by muse .
yay , you have ladybits on your tumblr !
whoa , how did you make your sidebar transparent ? it looks cool .
I'm not really into gum . I'm more into water . and chocolate chip cookies .
I wrote a nearly 700 - word comment for afterellen . I talk waaay too much . it's why I've never mastered twitter . I just want to keep talking u
PromDL I never saw someone on DWTS dance the whole dance up on a tiny platform !
X . X . X . z in greec , little carrie annie boom conge annoy anniversary-little k . To . Un to champicm . Yo , panic in the statesm . Oh . Statesnon
4 of 5 stars to Her Forbidden Knight by Rex Stout
I'm live on Stickam ... go to started : Tue , 06:53 PST
It's my bday bitches . Gunna have a good time with friends and family . :
Oh gah ! I realized I am not a young kid anymore . I can't fuck all night and drink a ... :
Baked some cookies and now drinking a glass of wine . * sighs * Good end to an emotional ... :
Why are the mini raviolis way better than the regular sized ones , out of the can ? ! :
I get Cash Back when I shop online - Sign up with Ebates and you can too !
I now have 11 Silly Bandz . I don't think anyone really wears them anymore though .
That awkward moment when I get my single girl swag on .
No , shut up .
Successfully hung out with Austin at the theatre without parents knowing . Thank you older sister .
Rum sounds good right now .
When things aren't adding up in life , start subtracting .
:) you as well , bro .
used to like this day .
just sent me a of their antisteroid itch cream , just in time for mosquito season ! THANK YOU from me & amp ; my friends !
worked on my fashion tumblr today : new layout and such , going to focus on adding more personal style ;]
Read my thoughts on Freschetta Artisan Crust : I tried it free ( or with a discount ) .
Pls check out this great fundraiser event for the Denver Dumb Friends League to help animals who seek a loving home : www.Bucks4pups.com .
Fun ! ! Where to ?
There is a line ladies ....
today is a total relaxation day ! Watch football , eat good food ! Perfect !
Happy 4th of July ! Thank u to all our vets and active troops for our freedom .
the best ever , just mix with lemonade , yum !
Donations boulderflood today 11am - 2pm at office , 309 W 1st Ave , Den . Clothes all ages , blankets , etc needed .
Done . The COgetmovin challenge has BEGUN ! Log your time ( at least 30 mins ) every day on
Looking forward . Running from it all .
I'm so pissed ! Life is not just .
Exhausted into a trance . teamfollowme jj_forum jj iphone 4s instagood instahub insta instagram instapick
Just hit mute Someone please shut Matt Harpring up . WASatUTA
Trump government shutdown threat draws criticism , unnerves markets via
The GOPs racist attack on minority voting rights might finally backfire in Texas : via
Houston is drowningIn its freedom from regulations
This ' Trump's Voter Panel ' Is Different - They're Actually Embarrassed | Crooks and Liars via
South Korea Is Trying To Ignore Trump Because They Think He's Nuts via
Rand Paul Is Threatening To Block Hurricane Relief Unless Spending Cuts Are Attached via
Maybe he means "" negate ... "" failure DumpTrump
Watch Angry Trump Supporters Burn Their MAGA Hats ( VIDEO ) | Crooks and Liars via
Watch this Dad say what every other American is feeling . Stop trying to take our healthcare away & amp ; start helping us !
Do me a favor : Retweet these photos so everyone in America learns the entire Trump family's done business in Russia . TrumpRus
Like Magic , Steve Schmidt Makes The Republican Party Disappear | Crooks and Liars via
Conservative Radio Host Calls NFL Stadiums ' FEMA Camps In Hiding ' | Crooks and Liars via
Can't make this shit up I am thankful she jumped into action to save your life without asking to see you
Has Mike Pence or Trump come out yet against this protest on Twitter ? They were quick with their criticism of the NFL . A
Trump says he talked to the president of the U . S . Virgin Islands , which , hate to break the news , is himself
Trump Moneymans $ 7 Billion Secret War With the IRS via
Huckabee Sanders Asks Twitter How They'll ' Spend ' Their Tax Cut ' Windfall '
Disgraced Rep . Nunes Blames Democrats For Russia's Meddling In 2016 Election
Thug Trump Brags About Federal Judge Appointments He Stole From Obama
Paul Ryan Says Repealing The Estate Tax Is ' About Fairness ' To Millionaires
Always remember classic IOKIYAR It's OK to be a pedophile , a nazi , bigot , racist , homophobic hypocrite & amp ; trait
Trump's Tax Cut Scam Is Crashing And Burning Right Before Our Very Eyes via
Trump Foundation Finally Shutting Down After Admitting It Broke ' Self-Dealing ' Law via
Whats next for the Republican tax bill : via
After a year of Michael Flynn chanting Lock Her Up its time for him to be locked up ! RETWEET if you think he should
As pressure mounts , Trump predictably lashes out against Hillary Clinton yet again . via
Ah yes , the lay back and enjoy it advice . Hey youre a disgrace .
SNL Uses Kids to Criticize President Trumps Sexual Misconduct Allegations via
Thanks for Nothing , White Voters via
Jared Kushner's Legal Team Is Hiring A Crisis Public Relations Firm via
Donald Trumps union-busting appointees just incinerated Obamas labor legacy : via
She picked the wrong lane .
Siri knows what time it is . Crooked orange traitor .
Sending you ibuprofen ! and a heating pad .
They never see the bright side . And that hi-pitched squealing and whining--nope
i enjoyed this too ......
they all have daddies ..... there or not . They blame mom because they are not man enough to place the b
You are pretty too . Pretend you are loyal to Trump and hang his ass .
driver , Keep your car clean . t may be life or death .....
clearly not enough ! Did the cavs eat their Kardashian cookies ! ?
She was told what to say and what not to say . The shadow of the dudes hands saying stop talking / cut it .
you can have mine .
I will be searching for this now . Thanks for the explanation .
thank God I have relatives that I speak to in other states .......
I had it on blurbettes birthday on Dec 5 2013 . I am disabled . my right side was affected .
And its just dry as hell . and who fixed her lacefront
You probably do . You just don't know it . But keep throwing stones at women
Ship full of rats !
She'd be rolling her eyes and saying "" exhaustion "" ' snort ' .
"" You don't know my mommas life ! ! ! ""
yeah . I just saw him on the soul cypher
girl I watched some of this last nite .
Cam looks like a shriner !
You said a mouthful !
Five different people link me that new crop top boob window and sailor bathing suit . This is my life now .
Damen and Laurent . CaptivePrince this is major spoiler so full pic click this
I don't see a problem with Americanizing a series / film loosely based on a foreign series when it's being interpreted for American audiences
CAN WE MAKE HISTORY AGAIN ! ? ! ? ! ?
I'm just gonna go ahead and bookmark this .
4/29 summary : "" yuri on ice movie , drunk victor / chihoko drama , nude victuuri stretching on a castle , drunk seung gil , yu
[capri] settle down with me , and i'll be your safety
I mean , use common sense . A man wearing make up doesn't hurt an
Protect him shiro keith sheith voltron
I need this nausea to stop .
Why are you like this
You don't deserve it and the piece is lovely .
My 13 yr old sister went missing early this morning . She's from Donna , Tx . Please help my family & amp ; I spread the word . #RT
I've sort of gotten sucked down a hole and started watching all the Overwatch cinematics .
Not to bad . Alright . Let's get sweaty sometime .
It's like ... Sprinkling here . Lol .
Before this gets watered down or the word "" vagina "" gets censored out , here's my statement on this "" wardrobe malfunction
"" It sounded like a dream ; it tasted like damnation . "" quote aesthetic request from ht
I am the grim being of the highlands .
If you can , give my friend a hand , they really needs a break . If you can't , at least give them a retweet , everythi
the fact that laurent said "" you're very attractive "" in his soft and raspy morning voice rly fucks me up folks
I still can't believe makkachin slept with yuuri before viktor , his own dog got more game than him
If you're an artist , can you reply to this with an artwork you're proud of AND your ko-fi or paypal.me ! ! Simply reply o
When you realize Laurent responds this way because he thinks hell be dead before this is all over .
F mitt Romney he's a LOSER why do you keep giving this pompas ass press ? ? ? ?
that is total BS paying someone to watch someone use illegal drugs ! ! That is a waste of time & amp ; $ $
slipping in the polls what BS who do you poll ? ? ? I think your poll is made UP ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Retweet for Chris Kyle RIP
hopefully this night keeps going as it is so far & amp ; the dishonest HILLARY can go away forever ! !
tell Steve NO TO BELL AS MVP ! Ya don't reward a player that was suspended for drugs ! !
haha I bet he does SO tired of these celebs that fun their mouths losers !
along with freeing a traitor ! That then slammed him
great press conference ! The press is sooo one sided & amp ; crooked just like he said ! !
the only cover up is that the DEMS are looking out for American people !
and it's not right for gov ( Obamacare ) to tell me what I have to purchase ! This a free country or it was before bamie
what are jerry & amp ; son doing ? ? Going to have spend EVERY pick on D ! Half to 3/4 secondary gone losing D LINE
never once went after HILLARY fro breaking law gave her a pass only fluff
it's fact are you for real ! They come in illegally put their kids in our schools
no dumb ass he was conducting business with countries leaders during transition after election
I laugh at DEMS that think obama crap is good
the facts MR WARNER are the Russia $ connection goes straight to the clintons ! ! DEMS lost election cause they put up Hillary
Mistakes like that will keep him out of contention for even a top 10 !
That's not a surprise !
Right here is how DEMS MAKE IT appear that Russia hacked the DNC ! ! To start collusion shit ! !
HOW THE FUCK WAS THAT THE ONLY CALL ! ! !
He gives up at least 1 softy every game in playoffs ( which he stoped ) in reg season !
I say she could play a walker in the walking dead with no makeup needed ! ! !
Watson needs to go ! He isn't a closer ! ! Cut this bum already !
Check out what I'm selling on letgo ! - Ed Too Tall Jones SB MVP autograph helmet
Unreal just Heard them say 45 more mins till game resumes
NO ! Whats next the DEMS will want to ban triggers on ALL GUNS ? ? ?
Mueller is a biased joke how is this guy investigating anything ? He should be getting in
Its called involuntary manslaughter ! You can get charged with this for killing someone in a car ! !
sitting here in my underwear listening to bang by the yeah yeah yeahs ...
Cocky-ness is ugly ! justsayin
I unlocked the Happy Halloween 2012 sticker on GetGlue !
Sitting in the dentist's waiting room . Was almost late bc the lovely landlord needed to be let in the basement
Oh Netflix ... why are you removing all of the MLP series I guess I'll have to buy all the DVDs now
I'm at El patron ( 12265 scripps poway pkwy . , Poway )
hehehehe .. hes so dramatic :')
wow thats great congrats ! ! ! ! i remember when you to were going on your first date :)
Anonymous asked : i dont feel like buying heroin today
disneyland tomorrow with And :D four day weekend is in full effect .
Photo : legrandcirque : Justice Howard , undated .
"" what is love to you ""
I love that I get pictures of where Caleb is . Such beautiful places .
Someone give me 350 for a 32gb iPad mini ?
A long vacation doesn't sound so bad .
Flash back to the past with AVI . Can you please dye your hair blue ? That would rock .
I'm so used to you actually going through stuff and elaborating on big events that I am not retaining anything in US History .
I found my $ 9 I lost .
If you lie to your parents and say someone raped you and ADMIT you lied ; you're dead to me .
There's no friends in the game , you ain't learned that yet . np
So decide . Is this the way you wanna live ? Is this the person you wanna love ? Is this the best you can be ?
I don't dance but here I am spinnin you around and round in circles .
These kids were asked to slap a girl in front of them and they said no because
Really ? No seatbelt ?
Literally I hate spanish e-learning .
Why in the world did I install Choco Blocks ? !
What a crap day . What I'd give to not be here for the next 6 hours
going around talking shit and acting like your shit doesn't stink and you believe no one's gonna say anything ?
I guess some things are just smoke and mirrors .
I'm the worst , I know .
How I'm trying to be
for good luck . IGNORE for 5 year dry streak
Her name is KENNEKA JENKINS not freezer teen ... have some fucking respect y'all are trash
Say goodbye to your fuel pump yall . It gets essssspensive
Yeah what a big man , I bet your junk represents how small your personality is .
Its sad when you work with a complete POS that would rather get off thirty minutes early to wash his truck than to
has the WORST processing and shipping time of any brand Ive ever dealt with . Been over the 4-6 busine
Disappointed by Doctor Who this week . Too much emoting at CGI things , Clara does too little , and lots of incomprehensible singing .
Wondering if reinstall of Tweetdeck Chrome fixed your notification delays . I have the same problem , but reinstall did not help .
Great to see Iranians celebrate / be happy & amp ; hopeful after four years . Iran Iranelection
If there had been a live Doctor Who episode , that would really have been "" Don't Blink "" material .
Funny , you and I have mostly identical life experiences in this area .
Wishing you a Happy Doctor's Day !
Well done , ma'am . :)
It's a way of mental processing , perhaps .
I want to say something , but anything I think of I'm afraid will come out inappropriate !
Don't get the fuss about Time's Person of the Year . In a month no one will remember . Quick without Googling it , who was last year's person ?
I hedge on trusting my autocorrect . ;)
Yeah , I'm sure Siri laughs at me behind my back . ;)
Hey you there , happy birthday . And good stuff . Presents . Cake . Surprise visits from TARDIS . Etc .
So I look up and BuyYouAndIOnItunes and Happy Record Store Day are trending at the same time . Fight !
The war on terror thing will never end in my lifetime . Obama LIVE : ISIS can "" potentially "" pose threat to Americans too .
Congratulations : Imogen Heap , The Wytches and Dry The River to benefit from BPI Music Export Scheme
I wish these Fiat 57 edition television ads would just die already .
Maybe he should be privileged to see your dreams ...
As starts of years go , needs work . Germs begone .
Congrats and good sleep . Hope you wake to a good debut feedback report . ;)
But says go for it !
Two hardback volumes at $ 100 ? That's ... encyclopedic I guess . Think I might stick with looking up facts online .
It kills me that people keep adding me to their circles when I haven't posted anything there in 6 months ... and counting .
Today I learned via saying weird things that the military has no gluten-free MREs . This is "" TIL "" and "" WTF is he talking about "" .
I really hope this is the last reboot movie , now , and they just stop . This is embarrassing .
That's only an urban legend .
This is the same Fox affiliate that reported she died in the 1st place .
You're welcome . Been waiting for one of those to turn up somewhere .
Yeah , we were shaken by having that happen in our own backyard ( relatively speaking ) .
As long as you like your flavor of tea ... right ?
* * * * * * * * MAJOR CALI UPDATE * * * * * * * / r / SandersForPresident
Brian May orders Donald Trump to stop using Queen songs during his rallies |
Assange Backed Into A Corner , Drops BOMB On ENTIRE U . S . Government
CLINICAL RESEARCH FINDS : NEURONTIN AND LYRICA ARE A DEATH SENTENCE FOR NEW BRAIN SYNAPSES
"" I can't believe I'm saying this , but it looks like Trump is actually making America great again . Just look at ...
OK will vote to legalize medical marijuana in 2018
Which Profession Are You Made For ?
WAIL ON ER STEVIE ! ! !
hey you ready for the night kusas a wild animal
check out reppin TYB he goes hard , he's something bricksquad should look up
? ? what's up ?
mmg tear up Cbus tonight , we be there reppin cle for
hahaha go back to sleep
your out for a reason why you still trying to be close with my friends move on
2 bottles of goose that's geese
ancient aliens just suggested that dinosaurs were killed by nuclear weapons from space
lebrons not even that good , nates the best on the floor right now
I wouldn't do it for all of king midas silver
drinking for the browns game maybe bars , possible stone appearance ?
New Music ( Same Language ) Freestyle
long week of work ahead
THIS JUST IN : Cavaliers fire general manager Chris Grant . Cleveland is 16-33 , 12th in Eastern Conference . ( via ESPN & amp ; med
just shot an 89 on 18 holes . new best !
If you're close to Josh Gordon please help this kid , it's not about football anymore it's about picking up the pieces of his life .
one big room , full of bad bitches
kus if you on Mars , can you pick me up on Jupiter
ayeee nice hearing a Cleveland dj killin it on sirius down here in Tampa theland 216
Lion population in 1940 vs Today
no mock on the march just think there are more important social issues
Mahirap bang i-type ang "" siya "" or "" sya "" over "" xa "" ? ! ? ? jejehater
yan din sabi ni Nolan ! ! ! Hahaha ! Ako nasa withdrawal stage pa kaya minsan parang adik lang !
What happened ? It was so sunny about half an hour ago and now its almost zero visibility !
I'm at Canadian Blood Services ( Calgary , AB )
Kaya whatever you want to do , do it now ! Why wait ! :)
yun na nga ! T_T
Rock bottom na talaga yun pag di ka na makabili ng cheeseburger :(
imagine that , 1st day pa lang bukol na ! Then after that laging may ubo , sipon ... Then eventually naka-adapt na rin ...
i didn't know you're a geek ( not that it's bad , hehe ) !
Sa wakas naka - 3 points ka na .
They say Blurred Lines is kinda rapey song . I read the lyrics , but can't find why they say so . Or maybe I didn't understand the lyrics . Lol !
yeah i thought so . Walang pinoy / pinay na gagawa sayo nun . Takot lang nila , haha !
exactly . Tsaka taga-dito . Whereas kami TFW or PR holders lang . Eh kunyari yung isa eh sobrang galing w / several years of exp .
One day this one will also walk down the aisle ... Are you ready for that , Pacific Inn
The Perks of Being a Wallpaper .
Galing-galing talaga ni Zachary Quinto
The dental hygienist said , "" Okay , this is unlike in Manila , I will go down and deep ! ! ! ""
Watching Charmed . Transports me back in College !
12 days before moving out : I saw again these Christmas decors we bought just right after Christmas
Daming drama at theatrics ! Kaasar !
maraming salamat ! Please shower Yui kisses from us !
Parang may mali ... Parang walang buwaya ? ! ? ?
Medyo sumakit talaga dibdib ko dito ... Grabe na kabataan ngayon ...
And then this . Wow . I can't believe this happened . On a runway . As if to flaunt that women can be kept as pets .
Missy Elliot's weight loss is so amazing ! She looks like a completely different person !
Hindi ko akalaing aabot sa puntong ipinapanalangin kong tumaas ang presyo ng langis
Hay Edmonton . Kung kelan naman may snow tsaka ka binisita ( @ Safeway in Edmonton , AB )
oil and gas is badly hit . Job loss is by the thousands they say we are in a "" technical recession ""
No spoilers here , but oh my gosh ! I almost peed !
F * ckitty f * ck ! TheWalkingDead
Hmmm ... if I can't draw , I could try writing .... I seriously need to try to get over this block of apathy I recently aquired .
Finally woke up . Not feeling too bad , biut of course it was only one bottle .
Come on TVTropes , woooorrrrk
How well do you know the President ? These facts are so interesting , especially
you know you can do an electronic bank transfer ?
I'll get security to toss him out .
how about trying to get pretty ladies numbers eh ?
damnit , wish I'd seen this earlier .
do we get tracking numbers ?
This p9 takes ridiculously bright photos in low light veryimpressive
ok goal set . Not sure if the wife will take a pic as I do so . She may just disown me . Again .
Monitoring a client's system . Glad I'm not the tech that has to visit this site .
can I order online and ship to you ?
I feel so dirty in this C # world
of course , be rude not to :)
yes but a $ 2k Verisign SSL is dumb .
We should be so proud of the absolute top shelf stupid we have here sarcasm rpt
I think so but was too hard for my brain to figure out at 5am .
Bahaha . Not even close .
Live in Auckland all my life . Still , I cannot fathom how all drivers lose their minds when it rains .
Street art in Melbourne is incredible
You'd think so . The day pass was handy for the one off games . Not anymore !
Yay , no more crappy internet !
Does anyone even bother to check they are real addresses ? Seems so pointless
how hard is it to re-activate a deactivated Xero account ?
Not 100 % sure . Probably In-n-Out for lunch , then maybe Santa Monica . Suggestions ?
... or just a bullet .
BUB cleans my nose .
with the "" I wish there were cuter guys "" Priorities WhenYoureABoss ChampsvsPros
V likes your tweet saying it must be shane .
Watching the girls & amp ; men in PuertoRico made me smile from ear to ear . Love them TeenMomOG
Oh they aren't alone in this hahaha
Shit who accepts Farrah ? ! ? ! Lol
Genuinely don't understand why gave the AYTO jokes their own challenge & amp ; then put them on TheChallengeXXX I don't get it . Truly don't .
Whose paying for the MayweatherVsMcGregor fight ? ! Cause I'm coming over . I refuse to buy another fight for a 12 sec KO lol
Why the shade ? ?
Lol my DVR didn't even record it lol my DVR knows she's a bullshit add lol
She also sells molds of her vagina . Which other teen mom cast members have bought and admitted to usin
Kill Bananas and Tony ( that was easy ) Mary Leroy and fuck Jordan lol
It won't be after they all get their checks lol
Pues nada . Solo digo la verdad . Sorry es tan difcil para ti .
' Placed ' would be the correct verbiage . Some are given up sure , but in this case and most children
I'm so sick of filming great things and cute things and them trying to dig so deep and create something out of nothing b
I got the flu shot last year , and got the flu for 2.5 weeks . First time I've ever gotten the shot ,
How many retweets would it take to cancel this horrible show that adds no value to soc
Not in today's society lol
That's now . So see if you're still able to long I to Facebook too .
She sure did ! ! congratulations again ! !
laughing so hard cause TODAY I have an apt to check out this warty growth Lol
Hun .... let me introduce you to edibles . They travel well , taste delicious ,
OH EM GEEE . Looove them . Totally gonna rock my kiddo in them .
We just dropped her off . We havent held each other & amp ; just cried like that for a long time . Even after 12 years , I cont
Kindness , justice and righteousness . Thanks for highlighting the various works so many of us are doing off the fi
Wont be the last time you see me on some bull .... now you WildOut ! quittouchingshit
I talk about my feelings all of the time . I also am not 8 years into though and ma
Part one of my Amazon birthday loot has arrived
well i guess doesnt care about all their customers , just some . headed over to instead .
How about no ? !
It pays to buddy up to the side stage manager . Thanks man ! ! ! Wonder Ballroom
done ! thanks for the heads up !
Strippers not hoes is the best thing I've ever heard from lol AmericanCrime
sorry , once i upload them , i dont tend to keep them .
Oscars : Leonardo DiCaprio's win generated 440,000 tweets per minute
my heart is POUNDING ! but also , Steven Ogg and Jeffrey Dean Morgan ! there's a reason I call twd thebestcast
does the pope shit on a bear in the woods ? OF FUCKING COURSE
oh my god is such a gift , "" im not a magician "" killssss meeeee
That can only mean one thing ..... McMenamins Greenway Pub
Feeling a bit like suedenim with this snapchat filter
yes but they wont be able to reply unless twitter fixed that function .
Congrats to my friend , brother , hero and castmate Long time comin , brother . Bourbon's on you . TheGameAwards
which was basically me being generally doe eyed and somewhat incapable of forming full sentences
get it ? Gutted ? Common English phrase to convey disappointment . Also how he died on walking dead
GUEST ANNOUNCEMENT Denis OHare / ( Liz Taylor , AHS / Jessie , This Is Us / Russel , True Blood ) joins us f
Very welcome mate ! ! !
Exec : What would you say your specialty is . Me : Apparently , creating strong OT3 ' s . Exec : I have no idea what that means . Me : k
and Happy Birthday Monday ( Munnday ? ? ? )
Close your eyes . Open a telephone directory . Point at the page . Open your eyes . That's the name of the person who could do
Hey how will one take a screenshot with no home button ?
I have more set up on instagram tho .
You just had to knock over the broomstick ! Nice going Dipshit .
I just finished day 1 of Love and Marriage Bible reading Plan at
He who believes in the Son has everlasting life ; and he who does not believe the Son shall not see life , but
Wait what ... I swear we JUST got the ball ... GBvsNE
Crosby makes 44 - yd FieldGoal to make it 17-16 Seahawks w / 3:12 left in Q3 . SEAvsGB
Rodgers Cobb . touchdown GBvsMIN
Statements that start "" With all due respect , "" never seem to end well .
Zom Com - - the new shorthand for zombie comedies - - love it !
Occupy Wall Street Our One Demand via
Today would have been Andy Warhol's 84th birthday . Artist , media commentator , critic , filmmaker , icon , manager of ...
Got my Shockfest Film Festival tickets !
I posted a new photo to Facebook
Saw a screening of this earlier this evening . It was one of the foreign film nominees for this year's Oscars ....
I need some prayers sent up for Leah tonight ! We hit a pretty serious complication from the stem cell
Thanks for the advice . I was kind of hopeing to use my Primes to get some Reflections . Maybe I could use the Santa Cruz ?
I'm looking for one of these if anyone has an extra . I know why it went fast , but asking for Reflection
Shut up . Luckiest pull I've seen in a long time . Congrats
Starin ' at the world through my rear view ...
There is only one side . NoMoreNazis Wolf 2
Gah my face . _ . I hate these hormones
If I can get what I want by simply asking then why do I get crap for Christmas ? Thts the one of the only times I ask . _ .
How is it almosf Christmas time ? ! ? ! ? !
I'm attracted by looks , but personality makes me stay .
Helpful Pic of the Day
Sorry I havent been on much .... dealing with stuff . #depressing
Scorpio's are selfish , they will please themselves before they please you .
While I am 18 , I am 7 and I am 1 . I am 16 and I am 10 . I have been there and done that so I can be tht once again
Idk how people can look at a computer screen for 4 hours reading material you know almost nothing about and trying to make sense of it
The struggle you're in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow .
I dont have an instagram :/ can I do it on here ? Or fb ?
We did it ! Blood , Sweat , and tears ! Team work for dream work . I am grateful to be
When I lay me down to sleep ... nowplaying filthyanimals on repeat ! Grab it ! iTunes h
This is what London looks like at night .
I want to see Miami
This is a Sensory Deprivation Tank .
this tweet should be taken more seriously
last night with & amp ;
PolarBear 2016 Countdown : 26 Days . SIU Salukis Carbondale
FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU
IS IT THAT SCENE WHERE THEY TIE EACH OTHER TO THE BEDS AND START FISTING EACH OTHER ?
WELL MAYBE , IF YOU BURY YOUR HEADS IN SAND , HE WOULD SAY YES .
NO , YOU SHUT THE FUCK UP . THIS IS BETWEEN ME AND
Soooo good ! Finally got a chance to watch the Obama roast of Trump at the Correspondents Dinner ... :)
did you have any problems with the sealer ?
Talking ' bout commercials today . Super Bowl commercials .
I will make it through today , but can't promise anything for tomorrow and Friday . outbreak
If you like the Internet and value privacy , you NEED TO KNOW about CISPA : Take a second . Speak up !
Sunday night dinner at the mother-in-law's . Brother-in-law says we need to see TheDictator . Or download it . > _ >
Vocal minorities that kill art suck . RT : Eye-catching mural painted over in Kailua-Kona HINews
we plan on going to Windward Mall tomorrow , where nearby do we need to try lunch ? Family friendly , affordable , please .
Today's blog : Top Tweet of Today fb
Today's blog : Can't wait till next week . fb
HIHO is raising some FUNds ! Can't donate ? RT ! Can donate ? after !
He lost my vote . RT :@ gfreemaui Rep Cullen a Dem opposing SB1 stating his constituents have opposed bcuz they couldn't vote . Ratio of 4:1
4 hours later and I still can't get over that Team USA couldn't hold on to the win over Portugal in the last minute of extra time .
ArsCreations at Hickam craft fair ! Burpies and blankies and blessed
A Knight's Tale is a misunderstood masterpiece .
Goodnight , folks ! RT :@ TheTweetOfGod Whatever happens , you have it coming .
I must have missed him ! Guess we'll just have to go back later and look again !
I'm entered to win a Firefly "" I Want to Believe "" poster courtesy of QMx & amp ; Loot Crate ! QMxQuesdays
Clinton : Let's debate during the NCAA finals . Sanders : No . C : Middle of the night ? S : No . C : 6am Sunday ? S : No . Clinton : STOP PLA
I've come to the realization tonight that without Pres . Obama and 9/11 - she is out of 78 % of things to talk about . dem
. @BernieSanders will end prohibition and restore sanity . Happy 420
is 7.5 k / insert pack the new SWCT baseline ? at least that'll make it easy to quit !
. @HillaryClinton could commit to progressive policies instead of shifting to the right .
In 1st major election without full Voting Rights Act , voter suppression worked as intended
is on Bishop Street today ! And so am I ! luckyisavelives
3.14 Happy Pi-day to Gregorian calendar users who reckon dates with month followed by day separated by period , omitting year
Having a calm and compassionate mind enables us to use our natural intelligence more effectively .
. @nytimes please correct your headline . I am not an Equifax customer . I am its product , and now its victim .
94 % of Americans ( 93 % of gun owners ) want background checks on every gun sale . Retweet if you do too .
Happy to share something I've been thinking about since the first days of "" Introducing Trusted at Work ""
Your Memorial Day reminder that two soldiers have been killed in the US by domestic extremists in the last week & amp ; POTUS has
jesus is real and he is black
You got me . I'm your demographic .
This week in patriarchy : Cosby narrowly escapes conviction for sexual assault & amp ; wants to help men not to be accused . His sou
Am I wrong though ? "" Izzy ""
Thrilled to be growing our team , and especially encourage folks from underrepresented backgrounds to apply .
My latest for Kyrie Irving Wants To Be a No . 1 , But He's Better As a Sidekick
A little girl who didnt speak English started crying on the plane , so a F / A asked if anyone spoke Spanish . This little
Has the doomsday clock been updated ?
We're hiring ! Check out our open positions here :
He also said he never got them .
TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT TMT
Get hyped for Saturday the same way the Wolverines do . The Victors , Episode One . TheVictors GoBlue GoMaize
That moment when you realize youre a Grand Slam champion USOpen
I can hear the teeth sucking from here .
Excited is an understatement .
When you are looking for any signs that the will be good this year ....
Who will USMNT play in the NIT ?
Agreed . I live be the outpouring of support , but the private sector shouldn't have to be this involved .
This is Satan's handiwork .
Do you have some of the back issues of EastofWest ? We might need to do a BK graphic novel swap .
Personalized fan experiences at scale : NFL and Twitter launch 2018 Pro Bowl voting in Twitter DMs ! h / t
Twitter is SportsCenter for the mobile generation
Amazon Prime Video is now on Apple TV . Finally !
Pros : The Chef's name is Kingsley . Hes definitely from yard . Con : Park Slope ? ?
thinks it would be convenient for her future if she won the lottery . or did her laundry ...
Killing Of Four Latino Men Sparks Protests In Salinas , Calif .
Federal Student Aid Isnt Working For Low-Income Students . Heres How We Could Fix It . via
Posey going in DEEP for yet another Buster Hug .
2 Rings : Arias , Belt , Blanco , Crawford , Ishikawa , Kontos , Machi , Pagan , Peavy , Pence , Petit , Sanchez , Scutaro , Vogelsong .
Double rainbow all the way across
Splish Splash : How Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson became the NBA's best backcourt , by
If it starts raining , that's the nationwide kid's tears SuperBowI
lol wtf Kentucky governor's administration gives head-scratching defense of gay marriage ban to SCOTUS
You can't trash talk then want a dap . Leave the city immediately .
WARRIORS WIN THE NBA FINALS ! WAYYYY UP I FEEL BLESSED
Which do you hate more , women or the English language ? AskELJames
Jarryd Hayne back for his third return . If he doesn't score a TD while riding a unicycle it will be a letdown .
. @UCDavisFire remembered fallen FDNY responders by participating in the Sacramento 9/11 Memorial Climb . NeverForget
Kelby lost his specs on the slide . Good friend Jarrett Parker re-speced him in the dugout .
I call dibs on naming my first child Immigrant Bashing Carnival Barker . Off to the Price is Right I go ... DemDebate
How the Grinch Stole Second BaseballChristmasMovies
steph curry has hit a three in 123 straight reg season games . if hed hit just one against SA on 9/11 / 14 , his streak would now
or you know , anything but "" Blackie ""
Did her significant other still kiss her ?
I don't want to brag but I know a guy who knows a guy who's instagram famous .
A scalper asked me "" do you only need one ticket ? "" No , sir , I already have ticketS . Plural because I have friends .
Hey ! The Dawg is back ! I haven't seen him in forever !
pls channel the real 11 and ask her where she found a toaster or if she ate them frozen . I've had many sleepless nights over this
TRUMP , when will you understand that I am not paying for that fucken wall . Be clear with US tax payers . They will pay f
For two decades , this foster father has cared for only terminally ill kids . He has buried about 10 children .
dibs on the band name
Lol that's ... close ? At least it'll be less depressing to watch
Please read every Tweet in this extraordinary thread .
Introduce them to online banking . Those seats are irreplaceable !
I'm at Twin Peaks - Lewisville ( 2601 S Stemmons Fwy , Hwy 121 , Lewisville )
I'm at Louie Louie's Piano Bar ( Arlington , Tx ) w / 2 others
I'm at Denny's ( Temple , Texas )
Yummy lemon pepper wings ROCK ! ! ( @ Wingstop )
I'm at El Pollo Loco ( Mcallen , TX )
I'm at Best Western Country Inn - North ( Kansas City , MO )
Orlando airport bound ( at 7 - Eleven -
I'm at ( Lewisville , TX )
Frisco centennial vs McKinney North
I'll share my secrets if you share yours . Join
Shreveport needs some serios road improvements
is in a new guild , trying to kill KT , and has to write a paper by tomorrow .
On the way to the airport . Going to be early , and I didn't bring a book or anything .
Christmas and Ireland , I will marathon and live tweet both games . I may drink heavily . MassEffectChristmas
JOHN BARROWMAN IS COMING TO DRAGON * CON AHHHHHHH
I entered to win cute and geeky cross-stitched goodies from and the IGGPPC !
I'm listening to "" If It Isn't Love "" by New Edition on Pandora pandora
Lmaooo So this what Hazel trippin over LHHHollywood nooo
"" @_aliengirl : Hazel is rapping along as though she can't see that Berg isn't impressed LHHHollywood ""
Bow Wow was so adorable and short I loved me some Bow though 106FinalAct 106andPark
"" Smell the roses "" Empire EmpireFOX
Cookie called her auntie Camilla EmpireFOX
My father is the devil and you just spread your legs for him EmpireFinale EmpireFOX
Repost By "" #RouteRunnaPremiere NEW on - "" Life Change "" :
Repost By "" Route Runna Presents "" INDUSTRY NIGHT "" Hosted by DEFJAM * * * * PRIZES * * * * * All
Repost Cop Up ! ! ! ! Route Runna Radio Vol . 1 Request your copy Featuring VA NC MD DC
Well dang Hakeem . Talking about the art and ish lol did he have to do that to the painting ? Empire EmpireSeason 2
She Saiyan kicked the mess out of him empire empireseason 2 EmpireFOX
The R in R & amp ; B is here ! ! ! ! ! SoulTrainAwards
These tweets are hilarious but it's fun to see the guys get saltier than McDonalds fries over them WasteHisTime 2016
Token was being safe though , he said I don't want their germs in my mouth ILoveNewYork ilny 14daysoflove
The show just started and it's almost over already empire
She done brung up the shoes . lort Empire
boysdontcry as long as we've waited , this album better have Tupac and Jesus on it
When Masika said We wanted Ether but he gave us Easter LHHH vh1live
Glad I can watch some videos OnDemand even if it's just two xfinity
Did Ray J and Max plan their hair color together ? LHHHReunion
TwitterMakesMeLaughBecause people get creative when they post something and the gifs makes that simple post even more funny
We ask that you remember Q in your prayers and raise a toast to the sky in his name . RIP
Dont talk about a man's 2K player Watch the full video
Me waiting on to go live
This one's for me and you johnnygill newedition
In the house like MichaelJackson MichaelJacksonsHalloween michaeljacksonhalloween
* cries because she can't share your brownies *
mmm now I want munchies ...
That really is fantastic !
My friends kids are the best !
my cousin lexys grammar is unreal . smh .
via go check out my baees new video he's doing so well
The best one i've seen
The reeaaalll Boondocks fam .. @Grandad_BD
hahaha yeah ! You'll like it , I promise !
Ok I know I'm not gorgeous or anything , but at least I have enough self respect NOT to be flashing my pussy all over twitter .
I wanna ride him so hard I get nauseous and hurl all ova the place later ! I'm for real !
ihatemales who think they treat their woman right but are way the fuck off !
can I read it just for entertainment ? ? ?
Sometimes the stuff be postin about her freaknik self makes me wanna sit there and just watch . imjustsayin dontjudgeme
hey hey now ! I'm a CLOSET freak ! Lol
you aint lyin bout that ! Had me likin some dumb shit !
lmfao ! ! ! damn ! ! ! Shit I say throw it at your neighbors who be lookin thru ur window !
damn yeah that's true AND deep ! Thanks for the input .
oh I thought you posted something about the celtics yesterday . Who is your fave team ?
Staying off twitter today . I'm just too damn tired !
Sick of hearing all these people coming out with mixtapes . MOST OF YOU WILL NEVER MAKE IT SO GIVE IT UP !
uh oh ! People falsely advertising huh ?
onlyontwitter do the freaks come out out night . ( And all times of the damn day ! )
nope I called it off awhile ago
Ooo h I wanna see my love tonight !
haha I know , Smurph is short for supa murph . Thought it sounded cool .
youknowgotdamnwell God invented sex , not the devil lol
Every day that goes by and I'm sexless just adds to my bitchyness . * sighs *
ghettocrayoncolors rollin on 28 ' s chrome
Y'all have to see that trey songz ringtone spoof did on youtube ! ! ! ! ( cont )
youkilledthemood when you answered the phone while we were fuckin !
Fuck an IQ test , Twitter will show you how stupid a person REALLY is .
ok but what if it starts rippin the hole even tho u go slow wit lube ? I know its tmi , but damn it I gotta figure it out ! Lol
That benadryl is kickin in ! I almost dropped my phone a few times dozing off ! Didn't realize I was at the end of the bed and rolled off !
thingsthatbotherme having to pick , bills or groceries ?
youneeda 5fingerslap when I say "" ooh baby that's my spot "" and you keep drifting away from it .
Getting some Rumchata for tonight . Gonna party by my damn self ! winning
Clean home is a cozy home :) missingmyboy babywithgrandma
The secrets out ! I'm going to be on TONIGHT ! ! Helping him learn about the world of Let's Plays ;)
When you get on a train and think your going the wrong way but you were right the first time . Lol mussicalchairs butwithtrains chicago
I hate this feeling . ....
Dad : that's a nasty cough Me : ya but I feel ok Dad : my buddy was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer and his only sympto
Wondering when my tryout is for that open spot in One Direction ?
tomorrow's 4/20 brace urselves for recycled weed jokes and local stoner's extensive snapchat stories
Awesome show last night ! You can catch it again on YahooLive LiveNation
LOOKS SO CUTE IN THE COVER IM CRYING
the song is already leaked you should be able to find it on youtube
"" Sometimes I question myself because my life . "" thingsmysistersays
Hi hey hello greetings salutations
if ur feminism doesn't include POC , trans , disabled females , and sex workers , than pls do not talk to me
Tried to cover my whole face in play doh and now my face stings
Sorry I have a camera bag and my book bag but calling me a "" dumb bitch "" isn't going to clear my seat out and give you a place to sit
[ giving eulogy at funeral ] Martha was bae af , goals , and * choking back tears * always kept it one hundred emoji "" That was
There are more people in slavery today than at any time in human history .
If you didn't know .
For the people with fake fingernails ...
I'm also moving in to my dorm tomorrow and that's pretty wild
TO WIN : NYX SOFT MATTE LIP CREAM VAULT ( must be following me so I can dm winner )
U SEEM LIKE THE KINDA GUY WHO HAS A LOT OF PRODUCTS IN UR SHOWER THAT SAY "" MEN'S "" AS IF UR PEPE WAS GONNA FALL OFF IF U USE
Hidden Valley Ranch sounds like a secret party meet up for cowboys
Happy new year everyone , I spent the beginning of the year with my bean just like last year
I feel the same way dude ! ! Let's suffer together
TO WIN : ABH Modern Renaissance Palette - must be following me so I can dm the winner !
TO WIN : KYLIE COSMETICS EYESHADOW PALETTE OF YOUR CHOICE ( must be following me so I can dm winner )
TO WIN : Huda Beauty Bundle , must be following me to win
When your bank account is finally opened and it'll take 10 days to get your debit card but your car payment is due in 10 days ....
When my mom and I dont have actual conversations
That UVA shortstop is just ridiculous
I wanna see a Cubs / Astros world series . That would be the coolest shit evah
all i can think about is what happened last time gameday came to Death Valley
New design on the field this week . SCstrong 1SC
I just want to remind everyone that Ron Rivera drops shrimp on the floor and then eats it anyway
So basically half of the top 10 lost today . Makes that ugly win look a little less ugly tigers
Cock-a-doodle-doo ... Cock-a-doodle-doo ... Carolina Gamecocks to hell with you !
yes ... yes I do ... cheers !
21 freshmen played for Clemson last night . Twenty-one .
Seth Beer is a freak
Clemson baseball playing defense like Kevin Steele is coaching them .
Mermaids do exist ! ! Katie Ledecky proves it !
Cleveland didn't need Carson Wentz , they had RG3 , and this is why you suck .
Between Clemson and ATL , 3rd and short has been the death of me this week
After all my years I finally know what it's like to believe I'm getting coal for Christmas ElectionDay
Remembering Pearl Harbor . "" A day that will live in infamy "" . NeverForget
Two NationalChampionship tickets . Our treat . Who wants ' em ? Follow us and by 1 p . m . ET 1/6 to win ! CFAPeachBowl A
I swear I think half of the straight men in America would have sex with Tom Brady . The man crush is just that big
National Championship ring ceremony , Xavier Thomas commitment , Dabo gonna be walking onto the field today like ...
A Memorial Day reminder : An event where hot dogs and hamburgers are grilled is called a cookout , not a barbecue .
Somewhere in Cola , Todd Ellis is about to use a full bottle of lotion
When it's ur 3rd night in a row and u agree to come in early nightshiftproblems
DW4 with all the feels
Can these fools go a week without being laughed at on social media ? NO
This is grown folk business . They have no place in it
For the second year in a row , our 3rd string QB is playing in this game
Explains why I have prematurely aged ...
Someone favoring awb 2013 explain what makes assault weapons more dangerous than regular guns . Anybody ? awb guncontrol
BREAKING NEWS DOMA is unconstitutional
sickens me . Extra $ used to buy books ; where does it go now ? Admins salaries ? yourestatefunded
HedgeOfTomorrow New movie in which Tom Cruise is a shrubbery that comes back to life when killed
I did "" Admit it . You thought something awful had happened when you saw NolanRyan trending -
Looks like Zuckerberg finally worked out how to get Facebook trending on Twitter facebookdown
Over the counter , people . Just make birth control available over the counter . This shouldn't be difficult .
Northeast Ohio media : SHUT THE FUCK UP ABOUT LEBRON ! YOU SOUND LIKE BELIEBERS ! This has been going on for days now ...
. @GoPro Russian swing ? Does it shoot down passenger jets ?
. @PressRoomVIP If you're going to pay to promote , proofread first ...
You can see the entire solar system on the Apple Watch . Good , that takes out the hassle of looking up at the sky .
Hoping Orman wins in Kansas ; we need more people outside the major parties
After we broke up , my ex was worried I'd do jokes about her . I'm like , "" Oh my gosh , I would never do that ! Nothing we ev
TheDress looks gold and white to me , though the light has a blue hue ( taken near a window near dawn / dusk on an overcast day ? )
A person who wears your shoe size is your sole mate
BatGate It's time to stop using the suffix "" gate "" . Watergate was 43 years ago . 75 % of people using this HT don't even know what it was .
Prayers to Bamako . Here's hoping the Tuareg and Malian government can make peace and defeat the extremists terrorizing them
1 / For the CastleFinale it should be revealed that everything after season 1 was in Castle's head , what he was writing
. @MichaelSkolnik Are you going to retract this ?
There's less than a 1 % chance you'll get shot to death but a 50 % chance you'll die of heart failure ... guess which fate you ta
Have we thought that maybe Jennifer Aniston doesn't actually care about a decade old relationship
Hillary Clinton may become the first F president . Sorry , I meant female but the emale got deleted
After Trump victory speech , they played RollingStones "" Can't Always Get What You Want "" Really ? ! ElectionDay ElectionNight Election 2016
Today's edition of "" Republicans aren't any better than Democrats "" VoteThirdParty
FYI , pounding your fists on the ground & amp ; holding your breath until you turn blue are not effective political strategies .
new CBS poll on Trump job performance : 40 % approve , 48 % disapprove . lowest of any president just after first inauguration
Tell Dems : fight hcr repeal vote and force Repubs to admit opposition to popular reforms .
Help Paul Ryan's challenger make Ryan squirm this week for trying to end Medicare . Check it out :
Attorneys General Settlement : The Next Big Bank Bailout ? | Matt Taibbi | Rolling Stone via
Say NO to Internet censorship . StopSOPA StopPIPA via
Save $ 10 off your next pet medications or supplies order at PetCareRx - use my link :
I just told Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar to protect Yellowstone from fracking ! Join me here : Not a joke
American Rivers | Thank You For Taking Action via
Cleopatra's daughter was murdered 1wk after performing at the inauguration . DemandAPlan from Congress :
Protect Appalachia's Water from Mountaintop Removal Mining Pollution !
Tell Mexico : Stop Killing Endangered Sea Turtles
Tell Obama that natural gas is a danger for our communities . It's not the answer to our nation's energy needs !
It's time to expand SocialSecurity benefits , not cut ! Join the virtual human chain p2 1u nocuts
Join me and tell they should stop funding climate deniers and quit ALEC !
There Are 85 People Who Are As Wealthy As Half The WORLD , Oxfam Reports via
Move marijuana from Schedule 1 drug to Schedule 2
Join me and sign the petition : Stop Big Oil's assault on whales and dolphins ! via
Tell Congress to end the overuse of antibiotics on factory farms antibioticresistance factoryfarming
Don't let Big Coal destroy America's history
Californians , want more schoolsnotprisons ? Vote yes on Prop 47 to reduce prison overcrowding & amp ; invest in education :
Excessive pollution from air travel is on the rise ! Tell it's time to act :
Tell & amp ; it's time to ban the bombtrain not chat about better brakes w /
This is fascism , and we should say it clearly ... while we can
This law eased overfishing . Some in Congress want to gut it . ( via
Jay Clayton spent his entire career serving Wall Street , so he can't be in charge of policing it . Add your name :
Tell to drop the lawsuit against a tiny township trying to protect its water .
Late football night equals naptime for Michelle
Ha ! It is fine . We have heat
Florence's dress ... I want it ! ! !
I agree with Erin . No problem at all .
Search "" Wheel of Austen "" in Facebook and * like * to stay up-to-date on the upcoming improv comedy show inspired by the wo ...
Yay ! ! ! I am excited to see you sooner than July !
Firefly Ferrence stepping up and knocking him down ! Love it ! delicateflowerlove
It is a Sister Hazel kind of day . fortress
I am so happy today ! The Bruins won the Stanley Cup , school's almost over , and I have a delicious salad w / a bunch of fruit in it ! awesome
Just finished reading Tuesdays with Morrie .... am now drinking water to rehydrate . It was beautiful .
Looking for a clarinet and / or flute player for Interested ? Know someone who isn't squeamish and loves musicals ?
Give it a rest , Yakov . "" In Russia , Earthquake tweets about you ! ! ! ""
I know some people have driving gloves but I am pretty sure I am the only person with a driving snuggie .
I wish they explained how they broke up the groups . It feels like this one is so much stronger than the other .
untrue statement , Note to Tonight Dan !
Oh ! That sounds awesome ! I am just trying to map out what to get everyone this year . I feel like it gets harder each year .
"" You two knock it off back there or I will turn the beat ... I mean car around this instant ! "" - Gloria Estefan on a fam ...
I am onto your plan to sell me an Ipad !
I want to see a piece of Steel fight a Bronco !
"" @RapSheet : Brian Hoyer WAS warming up . Looked like QB Tom Brady told him to sit down . "" Oh thank goodness !
RapSheet : Patriots WR Wes Welker appears in an adult diapers commercial obviously bh_sports
I would go there all the time ! I hope he'd tackle anyone who got sloppy at the bar or didn't tip well !
Just let it out , Jackie ... it's not your fault .
I am so in love with the torch this year ... I can barely tweet about it !
Should I make a seating chart for everyone we know ?
Thank you police . Thank you FBI . Thank you firefighters . Thank you doctors . Thank you nurses . Thank you heroes . Thank you
Me Too ! ! I even hoped to see him come back in the series finale .
Go find She's signing her YA book of awesome ! Then let me read it because I don't get my copy until later ! ! !
More dumb than "" Chicken on a Stick ? ""
Dear Well-Meaning White People Who Want Nothing To Do With Alt-Right : We , people of color , cannot carry this burden .
shutting down twitter impostors since 1977
I'll have to get back to you on that one . hard to say so far
you going to the show on monday ?
oh , haven't you heard ? The bird bird bird , bird is the word .
thanks ! loving the site .
Photo : Caution : Do Not Over Tighten Nuts
yeah man , good team-up team work
stepping out to buy the new album . haven't listened to the stream on their site yet . anticipation ! HSC 2
worked up a quick new site design concept today with feeling good about it so far , now the wait for feedback ...
just absorbing tonight's news ( as a 20 + year Mac user and 10 + year AAPL shareholder ! )
haha oh nevermind , I scheduled that tumblr post last night and didn't realize it went up . Creepy it is !
I'm digging this DrawSomething game . my username on there is stiv 41 . find me !
[Mixtape] - 1999 :: Get It LIVE ! ninetynine
nice new video for "" By Crooked Steps "" directed by Dave Grohl ByCrookedSteps
. @TWC you suck at giving customers the channels they pay for . showtime cbs timewarnercable
Still life with old Mac and Optimus Prime in packing peanuts in bbcicecream bag . unpackingday
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Chase with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in 2048 with mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Grumpy Bears .
I just checked in at Redbox with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Art Deviant .
I just checked in at Auto Value with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Chase with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
COMM : Matrim Cauthon from Wheel of Time ArtDeviant
I just checked in at Los Compadres with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Vocabulary .
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Swap Da Gem .
I just checked in at Clays Tap with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Hobby Lobby Stores with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Name Da Flag .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Swap Da Gem .
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with NameDaPresident !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Grumpy Bears .
I just checked in at Citibank with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with SeeDaSights ! app
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Grumpy Bears .
I just checked in at American Legion with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at PNC Financial Services with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Kaisers Pizza & amp ; Pub with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Applebees Neighborhood Grill & amp ; Bar with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I just checked in at Shell Gas Station with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
I'm earning points with CricketRewards
Walsh drops out of race for U . S . Senate : via
Our gaadidhamaal Contest gives you upto 1,00 , 000 cashback on your next Used-Car purchase ! Details - - > >
Old vs New - Do you like the rear of the new FZ ?
launches the 2.0 litre petrol engined XJ . Read full story -
R8 V10 Competition breaks cover -
The Freelander 2 ' s hill descent control is uncannily brilliant !
unveils its new Kwid affordable hatchback in India ! Looks very upmarket for an entry-level car !
Some of the extra features you get with the TUV 300 over the competition
Mahindra all set to unveil their new compact SUV aimed at the youth . Says this is their most ambitious project yet !
. @HondaCarIndia ' s updated Amaze takes on Swift DZire and Figo Aspire >
I liked a video from New Toyota Fortuner VS Ford Endeavour + Isuzu D-Max V-Cro
On our way to Atlanta . In a van with 8 girls & poor evan LOL - - 10 more hours to go !
Great times . James as "" Edward Cullen "" aka fake vampire and me with the final layer of my gobstopper costume . http://twitpic.com / nt9p7
Successful people pull dreams from the sky , put work clothes on them and call them Goals .
ran 0 mi on 9/7 / 2010 at 8: 20 PM
I was hoping they'd come out with a new design . It's ok-I got it for fweee ! :)
6 Signs of a Healthy Company Culture
Who's better , Carlos Santana the musician or Carlos Santana the baseball player ? TRICK QUESTION ! It was Carlos Santana , the mailman .
"" Saw "" or "" According To Jim "" - Name That Torture ! - By Andrew Blumetti Hello readers . I want to play a game ....
If I were on a first date , my go-to move would be convincing the girl to join me in eating a Pizza Hut breadstick , Lady & amp ; the Tramp style .
Ladies and Gentlemen : The Worst Menu in America
perhaps someone needs to establish a "" micro-blogging standards committee "" of some sort
Attempting to avoid adjusting my biological clock to East Coast time by staying up until 6am each night ( errrr ... morning ) during vacation .
Traffic circles really aren't that hard , people . Rule 1 ... once you're in , DON'T STOP ! ! !
I've been waiting all day for Sunday night . Go BIRDS !
how did i not realize weaver had a no hitter going ? Ken Griffey Jr . breaks up the no-hitter with a single to right field
I'm at KC's Alley ( 10 W Butler Ave , Ambler ) .
yep r6 from conshy . i get off at the last stop so it's not quick at all , but it sure beats driving .
New Baroness streaming for free via NPR ...
Maybe Bagwell will get in the same year as Griffey so I'll only have to make one trip to Cooperstown .
the closest i ever came to branding was college friends calling my fashion sense Business Trashual
i'm feeling an all nighter kinda night tonight ..
Crazy stuff .. Volkswagen cooks up an edible print ad . Mmm , tasty .
Empire State Building goes rainbow : / via
Awesome ! ! It's about an hour from me , but it was a super cute little town !
FF ( startin EARLY ) ...
Best Graphic effects for the Poster Designs - webneel : via
women's medium if I happen to win :) Love PureVolume and Mayday Parade !
Love the posters ! Don't forget , these AMAZING posters will be on sale tonight !
Should designers do personal projects ? | Webdesigner Depot
Wishing TheVoice would finally show audition instead of continuing to tease us with short tid bits of amazingness .
Watching the game tonight with a house full of Sabres fans .. Should be a good night . LetsGoRangers NYR 100Prizes
Love these minimalist Lego character designs - especially the Smurfs and Bert and Ernie ! -
Rangers win ! See you Saturday ! NYRPlayoffs
Last night at the Birchmere with and on stage . Fantastic night !
5K Obstacle Course Admission via
Vote for my puppy - Cally ! LoadnVote via
Time to step it up a notch .. NYRBelieve
I'm 62 % Right brained - Art kid ! Check out this fun short test !
From the top of the bus on a rainy NYC day TicketTuesday
My friend is shining a light on trafficking ! 27 million still enslaved ! Join us !
WE ARE GOING TO THE STANLEY CUP FINAL ! ! ! ! ! ! NYRPlayoffs WeWantTheCup AboveAndBeyond
At a bar in Tampa with my dad ! LetsGoBuffalo
check it : made some changes to my rewards , gearing up for tour and oh yeah , making a new record !
He's everything I've been missing .... I love this man
So I'm in the shower with the radio on . They start playing Bow Wow "" Bounce With Me "" .... I'll finish my shower later . I
I'm tired man . Really tired .
Ppl really get mad when you don't say "" bless you "" after they sneezed . FuckYoSneezelmaoo
"" The Birth Of Baby Yeezus "" lmaooo
Open so , I could see if she is looking for other niggas RT @cqminaj : Do you close your eyes or keep em open when you kiss
Bruh I'm crying Sometimes if you sprinkle a lil coke in the box ... nah i aint even gonna put
And my parents took Ava to Chuck E Cheese so I'm freeeeeeee for a couple hours . Whoop whoop
To my man of course .
"" Michelle and I extend our warmest wishes and prayers to Nelson Mandela on the occasion of his 95th birthday . "" President
Idc what she doing for girls night out . All I heard was "" you can use twitter uninterrupted for the next 5 hours . "" lmaooo
"" @that_guyJ : SLiM _ man .. we SHALL SEE ! ! Ill talk to Tina n we'll find out what's a good weekend to come .. I hate long distances thugs ""
I move on so fast . I be over heart break in like 3 days .
Lmaoooo comb his chest though ? ?
I'm in love with a Leo * Cancer
I'm the best there is ^_^
"" @zeek : just re-did the bathroom .. what y'all think ? wow this is fancy
RIP u will be missed :( 10 .
lmao yes . I have the s3 though so it's still huge
I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you
My daughter has been gone for two weeks and i didn't do shit but be sad cause she was gone .
I sure miss those days !
Likeing mainstream becouse hateing mainstream is too mainstream .
Wolverine Action Figures . Pre-order now !
Star Trek Live Long and Prosper Commemorative Plate = >
I'm following you ! ! Haha !
Thank God I'm not on there ! LOL
yes ma'am I wanna hear about it ! !
Try Ginger Garlic Asian Grilled Chicken made with PerdueCrew promotion -
The Holiday Planning Guide : make any special occasion a stress-free success promotion PerdueCrew -
Save this recipe for a night when the temperatures drop , it's worth it ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
You are the best out there , you are such an insperation to me I just can't explain how amazing you are
I just helped Justin do - Meeting Justin Bieber , he was very happy .
WE NEED IT TO GET TO 1 EVERYWHERE GO BELIEBERS AND HATERS GO AllThatMattersOniTunes
I've been trying since 2010 to be noticed but it hasn't happened yet
You only hate Justin cause he has 49M and you have 2.92 M poor you :'( LOL JK idc about you
Gain tweet in 0.0000000000 1 seconds ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
justinbiebermeetcrystaltalley HELP US TREND SO SHE CAN MEET HIM PLEASE
justinbiebermeetcrystaltalley JUSTIN BIEBER LOVES US ! ! ! ""
EVERYONE STOP WHAT YOUR DOING You must trend ~ ~ ~ > > > justinbiebermeetcrystaltalley Help follow her dreams JustinBieber W
me : * sleeps for 4 hours * tired me : * sleeps for 8 hours * tired me : * sleeps for a month * tired
sorry for being annoying but I was just trying to make you fucking happy danny
Okay cool , I was just curious because I'd bring some extra money along !
I mean , that depends on what you mean by counts .
Donald Trump vs . Fiona Apple is the presidential race we needed .
It's part Black Panther cosplay , part BDSM luchador .
Neville is ridiculous . A phoenix splash from the second rope ?
This is why I hate college sports . I feel like he's making more money than he's letting on .
"" let me get that HBK . "" "" I've got Ziggler or I've got X-Pac , your choice . "" "" Ugh , Ziggler . ""
I haven't seen that yet , but there are some pretty ugly fouls .
We need tremendous stamina and to cyber better
Tom Brady is decent .
Guys it's really important that we pitch in right now and show our true colors .
Brace your ass : The TV Show comes to on Feb . 23 , 2017
Joanna is the best guys .
"" What are you watching ? Are they football players ? "" - My mom RE Desus & amp ; Mero
My boy Austin Walker came through in 2 minutes flat .
This story about a comedian who has totally fabricated his past ( and gone after anyone who's called him on it ) is wiiiii
And I tried playing 64 with a GC controller and I hit A for every jump , special move , etc . Too damn big .
THE BEST GAME OF ALL TIME
What's the deadline for Let's Go registration ? I'm still trying to figure out my plan .
You don't know anything !
I think Booker should be permanent in place of Otunga , despite being pretty bad .
I don't think this song is about dogs
Can't wait to watch tonight .
This is my favourite band .
Am I really going to lose my survival pool because the Cardinals can't beat the Colts ?
Need to put in more practice between the weeklies , seem to have plateaued in terms of placement . Need to get back to netplay , I think .
I forgot to name a troop after you but Ill do it next time , youll have lots to shit talk , Im bad at
I don't know how this shit works first tweet shitshanasays
I AM SO BORED AND I CANT SLEEP AND NO SANE PERSON IS AWAKE HELP OMG uhnnnnhggg
YO DAWG ITS REALLY PRETTY OUTSIDE ( LIKE U ) N IM PRETTY SURE THE UNIVERSE IS CELEBRATING UR EXISTENCE THANKS FOR THE NICE WEATHER
ThatAkwardMomentWhen I looked at a pic of a chug and started crying also . But look at those eyes ! !
I live for bad puns and old music .
that bloody nose thing was pretty gross . Lol
omg that's ones great can I use that ?
no shit ... She's fine as hell
Irvin is there any chance your balls will make a appearance in this movie ? ? ? askbadgrandpa
unless it's a title fight than you choke ... Lol
man looks like a light heavyweight Diaz brother
Spurs blow-out victory to win the championship = tie for the best fathers gift of all time :)
That's what in fuckin talking about ... #webarktogether CLEvsATL
The Pit Bull is coming ! UFC 191 UFC MMA WARLOVSKI
goes from crying on the field to this . Haha butthurt
Well with DC pulling out of the jones fight . I say we let step up and fight ufc
that would be gears of war FreeCodeFriday
it's gonna be a Christmas full of gears of war freecodefriday
At work , on last break , takin a poo , and wishing the day was over already .
I'm TeamBloominOnion ! EverybodyWins at Watch the to find out which Aussie-tizer is FREE on Jan 2 . Go Gamecocks
Were giving away Das products all month long . Follow the link to enter ! dasmovember
What , in the brief interaction with Gregory that he had , made Gabriel think he was worth saving ? TheWalkingDead TalkingDead
Snowbae , is the new Saltbae !
( Almost ) 144000 minutes , 144000 moments on the Beltway ... 144000 minutes , How do you measure , measure 100 days ?
"" He didn't commit suicide , he was murdered . "" KaliefBrowder
I've been selling myself short all my life . Charles Barkley can discuss race and we have DT in the White House . I aimed too high .
The ' Harriett Tubman ' monologue tonight spoke to my spirit : the conflict of "" chosen "" leaders . is life ! UndergroundWGN
Yep ! ! ! Thanks , I just revised my tweet .
invite this truth into your spirit ! BFV
Hey what do you think ?
By now , you know what said ; what needs to be examined his level of comfort with the phrase / tone of the conversation .
Trumpelstiltskin : I have tapes . Secret Service :
Watching Forrest Gump ( again . ) I was too young to understand Jenny's "" virus "" at 14 , but here's my question : was Lil ' Forrest sick , too ? !
Everyone was great , but
Savage on Twitter tonight - - new level .
I've seen very uncomfortable reading prepared statements often ; it looked like it crushed him to ( sort of ) denounce hate .
I'm not even shocked anymore , this is embarrassing and disheartening .
Oh , I forget you're across the pond . "" Woke "" means : enlightened , fully aware of social issues , campaigns for
Luckily , I missed all spoilers of Power , but I wasn't ready ... like ... I mean ... it's just too much .
American Airlines decided to make a donation in response to events in Charlottesville : company , not Congressman .
This is the worst part of coverage / media sensationalism : people are stressed , exhausted , and fearful , but let's exp
Ciara is out here living a dream ! Meanwhile , I can't get a text ( or a glance , or a "" hi "" ... or a head nod .... or - - y
"" All skin folk ain't kin folk "" Rebuking this guest in the name of ignorance NewsOneNow
I'm sure he'll video up soon , it was literally a last minute thing .
Me : watching that JuanitaBynum video , as she dropped that gd bomb , a second AND third time . I say some words , but
IMO : "" protest voting "" and sitting out hasn't worked too well either , sis . Virginia is using paper ballots again ( a
. @Smith83K - - you get me , you guys really get me !
Honored to be a member of - VA Leadership Team : we unanimously decided to focus energy into Delegate rac
Don't eat that pie , - - TheHelp
This keyboard thug must have joined Twitter just to bother me . Guess that makes me special .
Did you have to throw MJ in this ? ! inners
Do people answer the phone anymore ?
Commodity pressure prompts possible menu price hikes
Tip from Warren Buffett will help you be more successful at work & amp ; life via via
IBSOrlando attendees stop by to talk paints , stains , caulks & amp ; adhesives & amp ; enter giveaways !
Congratulations to on ranking number 1 in this year's Top Companies Report
' I Can't Catch You ' by hipstamatic
Photo : I think a lot of people overlook this aspect of Planned Parenthood .
. @Philae2014 S'ok Philae , Ive got it from here for now . Rest well ... lifeonacomet 67P CometLanding
sounds good ... Wizard swears ?
I really don't understand the impulse to spew negativity . Fan entitlement baffles me ...
I spend a good amount of mental real estate hoping and are having a good day .
Thank you . Oh God , thank you . Everyone who helped make this possible , thank you . The volunteers , the legal watchdogs , th
I kiss you and the world begins to fade .
Romantic Valentine's Date Idea : Crush the patriarchy by candlelight .
I run into that same problem .
Thank you , Maria ! You are a bright light to me and to the world .
If you are working on a poem this morning , know I am too . Let the creative energies unite . amwriting
I hope you find someone that makes you feel unashamed of your need for romance .
"" Read 3 poetry books a week , 4 older books / classics a season . "" - Carolyn Forche
Starting to fear Dippin ' Dots might not actually be the ice cream of the future .
Talents include : telling people I'm finishing up a task to hide the fact that I haven't even started .
Pick up artists and garbage men should switch names .
please don't make us get high with that guy again . he always makes us watch like 12 of those old ass cartoons that are just a
"" There is no Dana only Zuul . "" - Me every time I answered the phone if I lived with a girl named Dana
Welcome to Sick Burns 101 . Up top . Down low . Too slow . Have a seat , let's talk about what I did there .
And yet another fucking Todd super likes me on tindr
Never wear red to a rodeo . watchout
So she does have concerts ! And she's rolling into MN ! Here's your chance
Same baseball trick shots from an SEC alum :
Anyone else still shocked that Nantz didn't end the game by yelping , "" For Louisville , the 2013 title is in the cards ! ! ! ! ""
bullpen ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
FINAL : knocks off Morehead State , 4-3 in eight innings on Bethany Cowart's RBI single . GoBucs walkoffwin
. @javy23baez ' s slide > your slide . WBC 2017
Just arrived at first Black Friday sale , but I'm too late . Everybody's dead .
Nope ... tweet again if / when you hear from him !
"" its teh HALL OF FAME , not the Hall of Statisticks ! Who iz mor famos then DAVID ECKSTEIN ! ? Geez , get ur hed out of teh spreadsheats , NERDS ! ""
It's quite heartening to see the Innertubes teaming up against SOPA / PIPA . It's a terrible bill dreamed up by awful bunch . StopSOPA
The best days are the ones where I want to listen to ALL THE MUSICS jangling around in my head .
... you do realize that this almost * has * to be our present for him for his next birthday , right ?
Horrible Bosses : kinda funny movie w / great soundtrack ; wouldn't hold up if I didn't love the cast . Some of the best lines were outtakes .
Turns out Lonnie Ray's is better than I had remembered . Best pulled pork , brisket , sweet potato fries I've ever had . Two meals for 15 bucks .
Because it's nicknamed "" Whole Paycheck "" ?
The last ballgame I attended with was six years ago ? Holy crap , time flies .
WHOO ! Have tons of fun travelling , bring me back some genuine handcrafted lasagna !
So put a little bit of bitter in your pink lemonade
If your big complaint about your favorite team is that it hits too many home runs , you just may be a terrible person .
Rode a tram up Mount Pilatus in Lucerne . Beautiful scenery , supa-cold . Moderately terrifying cable car ride back down .
Maybe I'll move to the moon ?
Knocked out 10k in 50:35 . Getting better all the time .
WHOOOOOOOOO MORE OPPORTUNITIES FOR FREESE PUNS
Whew ! Ensured at least a split in San Fran . All is proceeding as planned ...
siri who is running for president of the united states
PEAK SHERLOCK IS COMING , PEOPLE ! WE CAN'T EXPECT TO MAINTAIN THIS ELEVATED LEVEL OF S . HOLMES PRODUCTION FOREVER YOU GUYS elementary
Also , canvas from a dozen Chucks . ON IT make your own out of recycled pbr cans and thrift store fedoras .
A CNN reporter seriously just said "" the person will be hopefully found because the United States isn't that big . "" WTF
It was Texas , it was Tennessee
This isn't September 28 , 2011 , but this ain't bad , either . mlb
WHAT NO IM NOT STARTING TO OVER-INVEST IN THIS BASE BALL GAME WHY WOULD YOU SAY THAT
Anyways , in a conversation with I figured out how this season ends : we'll start off with Wacha pitching a shutout on Wednesday ...
stubhub has tickets for only 400 % more than face value though so its all good
That last tweet ? That'd be the working title of my newest documentation document .
Conspiracy theory : Harold Reynolds is legally blind .
Jim Edmonds will always be in The Hall of My Heart
Thick thighs usually mean "" dat ass "" as well !
wait ... how many feet have you tasted ?
Damn , that rule for res sickness is great ! CriticalRole - 4 to D20 rolls before the first rest , then - 3 then - 2 . Nice !
LOL ! She's missing a tooth ! XD
LOL ! That's perfect XD Using retort ? Or Animus ?
could be a fox ? Have you heard their sound before ? It's pretty weird ...
... the stuff used for walls ?
That sounds like a quote from an awesome movie speech ... but it's real life and terrifying .
nobody is asking you to be tolerant of it ... These people don't need tolerance , they need well meant education .
OO ! Can you do that time when Pike was scolding Grog with her "" mum "" face ?
I know it's not the reason for these pictures , but you look amazing .
now look at grown up Macaulay Culkin ! ! It's like Buscemi is his biological father !
WRONG ! Chihuahuas are demons ... little bitey demons ...
DAMN IT ! Watched the new TheFlash and was hoping to see MORE of ! A more "" Joker "" y trickster looks great !
helps that a lot of them are Blizzard voices XD
That was really interesting ... you go dark colours and then lighten from there . I've been doing it the other way ... advice ?
I AM SO FREAKING HAPPY ! !
I think what Matt says can usually be taken at face value . He made a mistake with something and thinks that usually supportive >
the way you draw faces has me scouring your twitter history looking for more art to heart !
So China is getting a middle class ... yeah ? And ? America has one ? Should they not , just because you want to be on top ?
they look like you just blew their minds !
you mean this new testament ? alsodudesame godread the book !
Never apologise for the representatives that you didn't vote for ...
This is a very good point ...
me through my teen / young adult years and it's all hitting me at once . Hope you found what you were searching for , man . You earned your rest !
The latest of my collection of shortstories Feel free to check ' em all out ! please ?
No , man . Quite the opposite . This made me excited for it !
Youve been away for like , ten days !
How do you get her to go to the dinosaur level ?
I'm earning mPOINTS in Big 2048 ! .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Pixman Runner .
I'm earning mPOINTS in mPLACES .
I'm earning mPOINTS in TRON Classic .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Pixman Runner .
I'm earning mPOINTS in The Price is Right Slots - Android .
I'm earning mPOINTS in mPLACES .
I'm earning mPOINTS in MRacer .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Blockrow Classic .
I'm earning mPOINTS in Snakeroll .
I'm earning mPOINTS in mPLACES .
I'm earning mPOINTS in TRON Classic .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Blockrow Classic .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLACES .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in MRacer .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Snakeroll .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in TRON Classic .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Blockrow Classic .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in TRON Classic .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in POLYX .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Rowtrix Tetris .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Snakeroll .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in TRON Classic .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Blockrow Classic .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in TRON Classic .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Alien Destroy .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in DROP 5 .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Pixman Runner .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
New blog entry : I Zinc
Breaking ! NFL referee association announces new uni ... Black with White Stripes to replace White with Black Stripes . Pay unchanged .
Think Selma . Think tonight . It's obvious . It's inevitable . Compassion for all leads compassion for a few . Even the rich view .
2.5 million people follow this And only have half a mil ? Now I know I live in birdland .
Mahjongg mama-San . Laguna Woods , California
Me and St . Matthew headed to the Orange county fair . OC Fair
This nigga mentioned me on twitter .. Mann I ain't never turn my location off as fast
Which team has a better chance of winning the National Championship ? for OhioState FAV for Oregon
this will never get old
A SUMMARY OF HOW THIS SEMESTER WENT FOR ME
Damian Lillard drained 9 ( ! ) three-pointers in rout of Warriors ... As much as Steph Curry & amp ; Klay Thompson combined .
Two types of people ...
wow we just got robbed
"" You gotta lose the battle to win the war "" - Rushi Shelat
Got in the car to the smell of my teen ~ ~ > nutmustasscombo
Wifey and i at the woman of the year event yesterday . So proud of her . She looks super hot ,
they surround themselves with smart people ? ! ? ! goodquestion
Bey's hair is a hotassmess ionlikethatbish
I was up til 3:30 ... wth is going on ST ? ! ? ! WTH .... LOL
who dat ? Lol .
Scandal teaches us that if you keep covering things up , it will create a pile that you'll eventually trip over leading to
dead foreverawhore They won't let Liv delete her hoeness . Sorry draya .
Liv : Do it for your job Huck : I ain't gone do it . ScandalABC
Waist training is really good after u have a baby . It reminds the body how it used to be or how you want it to be . So fa
Shay Boogie lol ChopItUp RapName
Make No Mistake , You're Being Targeted , Profiled And Mined
Lmao ! Not judging ... Wishing I was with you is all ! alldaydranking dont judge me ... im on vacation !
wow ! Mine too has been equally shitty if not more so ! gladwehadthistalk ventingisgood
that's what my polo shirt & amp ; khakis looked like this morning and guess what ? I don't give not nan fucks ! theycankma
not nan on this earth ! Not even the one I sleep with every night !
I'm Viggling Saturday Night Live . TV loves you back with ViggleTV . Watch TV . Earn Points . Get Rewards .
Met in college & amp ; have been together ever since ! 20years truelove bestfriends 13MorningQuestion
this chick here ! TeamRowan Scandal
THIS ! RIGHT ! HERE - - - - > Here's some perspective on the United States of America in 2014 .
I'm Viggling Transporter 2 . TV loves you back with ViggleTV . Watch TV . Earn Points . Get Rewards .
Facebook post from Sincere Harris - teamcowboys standup ! ! ! skins , sit down in the corner .... again .
I mean did you see stomp out of that prison like it was a runway ? EmpireFOX On TOP of giving an amazing
ViggleTV makes watching Empire more rewarding . I'm earning great rewards and playing along with Viggle games .
Join me on the perfect shopping companion ! FriendFlurry 15
Thx for my free Gift Card !
CeeLo Green out here at the GRAMMYs like ...
Best B-Day was when my mom made surprised my son 4 his 12th BDay . He didn't have a clue ! bdayflowers
These posts are dedicated to my CaseyK who was killed by her
Started nice & amp ; mellow , then went downhill from there * swipe
And as the saying goes .. you can't make someone ( people ) love you just because you love them
Exploring relationship dynamics may be awkward because talking ... More for Aquarius
I'm in need of a shopping spree
he's such a fucking idiot
she tell you how much she love you & amp ; you just sitting there like how can I really live up to her expectations .
You know shes incredible and that she deserves the very best of you , but you fear not being able to give it to her , or meet
An Aquarius may hit you up one minute and then disappear off the face of the planet for a week .
I still can't stand him though with my bi polar typical female ass
You can cleverly mislead yourself into believing that everythi ... More for Aquarius
I haven't been hungover in so looooonnnnnggggg
Anyway safe driving to you all
I'm blessed . That's all . Love all the ppl I speak to daily
Beers wine sangria oh and the fight lol
lol sorry I was driving .. Send it dm
I left there feeling like I've spent too much letting Landon enjoy himself and not enough time teaching him
If you arent patient enough to invest time towards making a good thing better , then youll never know the joy in having som
can't wait to hear all about it later
You feel lighter on your feet now that vivacious Venus is skip ... More for Aquarius
It doesn't matter what the hell is on either ... It's all "" what's this about "" "" who's that "" "" what's going on ""
It seems as if lightning is striking all around you , yet you'r ... More for Aquarius
You might think that nearly anything is possible now because y ... More for Aquarius
You may receive unsolicited support from someone in power toda ... More for Aquarius
Being flexible enough to shift from making plans for the futur ... More for Aquarius
Like everyone else , you probably have a lot on your plate now .... More for Aquarius
Your digressions into the abstract aren't necessarily meant to ... More for Aquarius
Determine what you need to do today by first deciding where yo ... More for Aquarius
Youre concerned that your feelings are getting in the way of ... More for Aquarius
So much altruism on Twitter today .
Any ETA on solving the current streaming issues ?
Finished Shantae and the Pirate's Curse recently . Got the "" true "" end . That felt good . PSStore Sweepstakes
& amp ; follow for a chance to WIN The Flash Pop ! , Dorbz , AND Pocket Pop ! Keychain . TheFlash Mid-Season Fin
Beautiful like her mother ? HAVE you seen her daddy ? ? ? HesBeautifulToo
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an Empire Strikes Back box from Smuggler's Bounty !
Christmas is a wonderful time of year when our Superstars go home and try to remember the name of their family members
When Benson says BeCareful ... SVUIsBack
Actiin Images got some amazing photos of my son ! ! TakeMyMoney
Bring it in ! NationalHuggingDay
& amp ; follow for a chance to a Spider-Man & amp ; Doctor Octopus Marvel Rivals Pop ! prize pack !
& amp ; follow for a chance to WIN a Walmart Exclusive Batmobile Dorbz Ridez !
. @ShaneMcMahon accidentally gets nailed with a kick ! ! SDLive 1Contender
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a exclusive Grand Admiral Thrawn Pop ! StarWarsRebels h
Close enough ! ! ! at ... less than a week !
IT'S OFFICIAL : will "" shake things up "" NEXT WEEK on Raw and SDLive !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a exclusive Jungle Batman Pop !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Exclusive WonderWoman Pop !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a 1966 Batmobile with Batman and Robin Action Figures !
Ok ! Ok ! and just GOT HYPED ! ! It's finally on the way !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an SDCC 2017 exclusive Selfie Gwenpool Pop ! NationalSelfieDay
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Target Exclusive Maz Kanata Pop ! The DROIDS Box Closes 7/15 !
One tough man . SmackDownLIVE Smackdown
& amp ; follow for the chance to win aSummer Convention Exclusive Man Bat Pop !
& amp ; follow for a chance to win an SDCC 2017 glow in the dark Negatron Pop !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a exclusive flocked Bob Ross Pop ! & amp ; Art of Chill bundle !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a set of Funko Shop exclusive cereal mascot Pop ! s !
& amp ; follow for your chance to WIN a Exclusive Trigon Pop ! TeenTitansGo
& amp ; follow for your chance to WIN a StarWars Ewok Pop ! Three Pack !
You See ... Certain moments in wrestling history are so iconic that a photo sometimes does them an injustice i
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Yukon Cornelius + Bumble Vynl . !
Nothing can dim the light that shines from within ! MayaAngelou
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Masters of the Universe Pop ! prize pack !
you'll still have to tell me , I didn't know you had gone that long ago ! :)
really needed to hear this today ! thanks badday
Watching rhetorically I Love Lucy Christmas Special ! holidays favorite
What kind of king would wear a crown that bleeds and scars , to win my heart ? Death has lost and LOVE HAS WON .
Loved leading you in worship AtlantaFest .. and hearing Scott Dawson .. and seeing people respond to
When you face difficult times , know that challenges are not sent to destroy you . They're sent to promote , increase and
Breathe . Everything's going to be okay . Jesus hope
So excited for Super Summer ! !
"" You don't understand now what I am doing , but someday you will . "" - Jesus do not lose faith .
Join us for Dollar Dinner tonight at 6:15 at the BSU ! We will be having spaghetti , chicken alfredo , rolls and Rice Krispi
If you want a bipartisan process , vote the bill down and start a bipartisan process . It's literally that simple .
I call my best friends "" sis "" because of how close we are .
Methinks that someone missed the last six years or so when Hillary was repeatedly investigated and repeatedly found
Trumpsters ; Let's leave the UN & amp ; focus on the US first ! The world is on its own ! MAGA ! Trump : lol , Ima nuke North Korea and invade Venezuala
This is why Trump carefully chose a non-specific generic denounciation . No mention of KKK , Alt-right , Nazis , or Charlottesvil
I hope the next thing Millenials kill is fascism
I mean , historically , when have Klansmen and nazis ever been a problem ?
I cannot believe we are doing this again . Houston should have had a general evacuation order 48 hours ago .
Reminder : No one has been nominated to be the Assistant Secretary of State or Defense for Asia .
Anti-gay Ted Cruz caught ' liking ' bisexual adult film and Twitter responds
Let's not let people like Spicer and Mooch become Cute Things . They were lying mouthpieces , utter disgraces . They should
BREAKING - NBA decides now that the team with the least amount of wins has to go to the White House until 2020 .
Monty Hall should have three graves , and you'll never know which one he's in .
Republicans have gone harder after video games with guns in them than actual guns .
If you don't want to see ppl talking about politics and are willingly on social media in any capacity ,
Gee , and it only took 5 years to get common sense , anti-harassment guidelines in place .
Mark Halperin Accused Of Sexually Harassing Several Women While At ABC News
Y'all , it's only been a few hours . It's still Day 1 .
my fav part of halloween is how some kids are born on top of a mountain of candy & amp ; some are born deeply in candy-debt the
Like , you think something is funny that other people don't enjoy . Congratu-fucking-lations , you aren't special .
For years , I never understood why Celes flipped when the Emperor asked her to kill her friends and jo
If I was a doctor who met with a patient and I said "" I don't recall "" them , I'd probably lose my practice . If I was a tea
It's the same place where they keep Mitch McConnell's spine and Paul Ryan's dignity .
Ah , I sure do love me some Amish Grains .
I just want standards . You can't pull out the pitchforks for Matt Lauer or Al Franken or John Conyers and profess to b
I'm broke so I didn't see it . It's bullshit . I did nawwt . Ohai Spoony .
I mean , trying to take his clothes off for people is what got him into trouble in the first place .
Just go ahead and toss the Fourth Amendment onto the pile of things Trump is burning .
GOP : These women are totally lying about this harassment claims that will earn them nothing but scorn . GOP , also : Why would bi
Poll : GOP tax bill causing large drop in approval ratings of Republicans
Guy who voted for the biggest tax scam in history to enrich his donors forever tries to comfort the poor he fucked
Making very accurate animal comparisons to the MissAmerica contestants , or so my roommate says .
13 year old looking so metal . LTDirtyJerz
If I did the music for Millionaire Matchmaker a lot Slayer would be had , but it would be so suitable ... You have no idea .
The force is strong with this
Boyhood takes it all bc if they didn't win it'd be totally unfair . Why ? Bc 12 YEARS DID YOU HEAR IT TOOK 12 YEARS ! 12 - OMG-YRS-OMG-TWELVE !
Most conflicting game of my life either it's my BF Steph in my new home or the brow in my old home . PelicansVsWarriors
Is that really what people in 6th grade do now ? Yikes .
my day just got cheery !
Element 78 tonight was fantastic ! Thanks for being awesome all the time !
99.5 is probably my favorite radio station .
I can't decide if I was reading , looking at my phone , or eating a cookie in this picture .
Oh hey it's Valentine's day in like four day Me : Yep Ian : I shall spend lots of time with ... Odin ... our
I love how the day after I come home from the Boundary Waters , is when we leave for the Chicago mission trip . bestsummerever SOEXCITED
"" @FunnyQuotees : Retweet if you love to pop them
RAISE UR HAND IF PEOPLE NEVER SPELL YOUR NAME CORRECTLY
I was biking and shopping in public for 2 hours before anyone told me what they were laughing at ...
Erbody in the state of Minnesota is like done w school today & amp ; now I'm thinkin bout having to wait until Tuesday like
"" Yes , there are many crosses , and every one of them is heavy and painful ... yet Jesus is never as near to me as when I lift
There's finally snow ! ! ! !
It's actually exciting to think that within four years , I could be a history teacher ! Lookout future students , I will probably bore you .
Dad : - knocks on door - IF YOU DO THE DISHES I'll MAKE CHICKEN WINGS Me : * hopes and dreams are now accomplished *
KEEPING LOVE ALIVE ~ After 50 years of marriage , an old gentleman was asked the secret of his good marriage . He ...
Blog Post : Summer-Proof Your Gadgets
Make sure you treat your spouse like they are 1 in your life . Make them feel special by putting them ahead of other people and things .
Here is a great list of 40 things you can do to bless your marriage ...
Show how much you LOVE GOD , by sharing HIS LOVE with your spouse in EVERY WAY that you can ! Remember GOD'S "" LOVE ...
Do you ever find yourself jealous or envious of another person's marriage ? Ask God to give you a thriving , ...
Too often we focus on what we don't have , or what we don't like - the economy , difficulty with work , mounting bills , strained relationships
Pray that God will give you His eyes towards your spouse so that you see him / her as He does .
Thank you everyone who voted on our ministry logo . We appreciated all of the great input . We have decided on the ...
When was the last time you looked at your spouse carefully ? Really , really looked at them with love in your eyes ? ...
Father's Day is this coming Sunday . What do you get a Dad who has everything he needs . Want to make this the best ...
How To Fall In Love When You Arent Feeling It
Husbands , did you realize that if you are not in right relationship with your wives , your prayers may be ...
What you need to know about KitKat not the candy bar
In the new year many people have an external motivation to lose weight . They have an internal motivation to ...
Dr . Willard F . Harley Jr . , in his best-selling book , "" His Needs , Her Needs , "" identifies ten needs that usually ...
Touch is obviously an important sense involved in creating an exciting sex life . Make sure the room is at a good ...
Sometimes there is either a recurring issue or a big conflict that needs to be resolved in your relationship ....
I posted a new photo to Facebook
Enjoyed the Art A Fair last night where we got to see the original art of our friend's son Kyle Richter . He is a gifted artist !
I would be so flat on my face if I tried this ! haha !
"" As God commits to wholly , unconditionally , and covenantally accept us forever in spite of our sin and flaws , to ...
It is important to keep laughter alive in your marriage . One fun way is to watch blooper videos of one of your ...
Be careful this Christmas season that you don't get so busy with all the traditions of the season that you don't ...
Last Minute Spring Break Ideas
I posted a new photo to Facebook
New post ( 5 Encouraging Bible Verses for Your Marriage ) has been published on Marriage By GOD
Buyers Are Now Armed With More Detailed Information Thanks to New Mortgage Disclosure Rule -
Fact or Fiction : Do Natural Food Stores Boost Nearby Property Values ? -
7 Decor and Design Predictions For the New Year
please follow me ? It would make my day followmecam followmecam followmecam
I miss the days where I never felt the need to put a white border around my ig pics
I'll kill u before u get killed all on your own understand yeah u better
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALFIE HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALFIE HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALFIE HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALFIE HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALFIE HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALF
I JUST GOT TO THE EYE DOCTOR
work is going by soooooo slow
I hope so . It's not starting out good
let's just say it was a wild and crazy night 3 times over ! Living the dream and all that ! hehe MA
that was totally written about him :)
never mind . I know who it is . Dirty hoes
let the good times begin !
hoping for good weather and an even better night ! !
should be in the city in 2 hours . Then dropping stuff off & amp ; headed to venue
I wish you could go ! I'll take lots of pics to share
You got upgraded to seats ?
That's the best way to be
Enter to win tickets to see JayZ NoDoubt CarrieUnderwood fun TheRoots + Tiesto this summer from
I hope so . Sounds like it will be a blast !
me too ! ! ! ! Lol
oh i'm confused lol ..... my bad haha
you . Professional ? Now that's funny !
Sing from the mountain tops !
GIVEAWAY ! and Follow for a chance to win our bamboo throw blanket ! Ends 10/23 at 10 am EST
that sucks . Hope you feel better soon
it sure was . Thanks for the entertainment ;)
I'm at work now . Outta here at 4:30 . But I'm not leaving my house tomorrow lol
you too ! ! ! How was your experience in pit ?
I had to take mine today . I hope yours is ok
Want to win HP Envy 15.6- inch touchscreen laptop , AMD FX-series , 6GB memor ? I just entered to win and you can too .
going to see 39 steps
Sasha , throw your jockey at coach Phil . thingskobecansaybutnotme
Thanks to everyone who came out to our show last night - and to everyone who didn't but wanted to ! And to everyone else !
a little spike in followers - probs from first place ranking - fyi - not that anyone should care at all or I even care i dont
LaundryMovies Linterview with a Vampire
So proud of - what a great weekend ! ( chris takes over espn 1030am eas ...
I'm not sure that's how it works but ok !
If I have a hat on backwards , don't talk to me because I'm probably in the zone .
One day someone's gonna tweet something and everyone is just going to stop tweeting .
Home Alone is a good movie . There are lots of good movies out there . Please watch this video :
Russian lit really crushes you with the names . ireadbooks notreallyjustthisone
From CBS CONNECT LOUNGE TCAs 13 TonyShalhoub
WE ARE MEN ' s was a great guest on fun X 10 !
Barry Melrose is so so tired .
ooo ooo oohhhhhh yeeeeeaaahh ( to be read both like a "" bro "" and as a realizing )
thanks buddy ! I'll see you soon !
Dear Mets , Thank you for going . Please continue to go . - Me , LGM
Are you looking longingly out the window for something to do tomorrow ? See my one man show . It's
See a fun comedy show tonight featuring and and myself and others ! ! !
Let's do this . DebateNight
Watch Strays by on Vimeo
OneOfMyFavoriteMoviesIs Monty Python and the Holy Grail
I'm free Wednesday ~ ~
I'm sick of people treating mental illness as a joke
Anna Marie Cox can probably bail you out !
Melania Drumpf Reportedly Trapped in Her Hamburg Hotel Room
Good ... They deserve EVERYTHING they get . A DIRTY SHAME ! !
Whoever has ears ... Let them listen ! dremstuff
Public Citizen Press Room : via
Please RT : Help me and fight the NBC / Comcast merger . Sign our letter now :
News : Republicans take economy hostage . VP Biden sent to negotiate . Sign here to tell him : no cuts , tax the rich ! p2
Repeal Florida's reckless "" shoot first "" law that shields Trayvon's killer !
if youre on TeamObamaBiden tonight :
What Biden said about Bernie Sanders ...
Police and prison guard groups fight marijuana legalization in California by
UPDATED again : Judge acquits Lt . Brian Rice of all charges in the FreddieGray case :
Chief ethics lawyer under George W . Bush says Trump cannot use the White House to promote Ivankas products :
Does Jhise like the show ?
Come out and see Almost , Maine at Woodgrove this weekend ! Shows are 7pm on Friday and Saturday , and 2pm on Sunday ! !
That awesome moment when mom ( ) saves you from creepy boys .
I don't understand . What are Troy and Gabrielle breaking free from ? ? ?
In case anyone was thinkin about my b-day comin up ...
i wanna get super rich so i can do cool stuff like tip waiters $ 1000 or pay off peoples student loans for fun
I MET A DOG TODAY . IT WAS A GOOD DAY .
friend : he - me : dump him
me : [ flashlight under chin ] they say a witch cursed this house 100 years ago today ! [ 100 years ago ] witch : fuck this house
"" her gift is my bomb selfie ""
finally , world leaders that can bring peace and happiness to the world
i am in physical pain after OITNB S : 4
it time reject the establershmint politic Amerca . i so unestablish i dont know what it even mean to presidency BirdDoPr
So much history in the world and I'm still stuck learning about the same 10 European kings either named Harry , James , or Louis
Donald "" I don't know anything about pregnancy or women or the presidency "" Trump
we're prayin for you guys
Being nice to people is SO EASY just do it c'mon we can make the world a better place one easy-as-hell compliment at a time
"" what does the fox say ? nothing , because it was hit by a car ""
"" Goddamnit , why did he have to be bisexual ""
"" I started eating a plum and half way through realized it was a banana . ""
that is true . it's been blown out of proportion and kids are taking it way too far . i simply mean that not every 1 is 4 the memes
Yeah I'm DTF : Doing great , Thanks For asking .
but that wouldn't rid * all * ghosts forever , only a few that are bothering me right then
"" i've been drowning my sore throat in apple cider "" "" i've been drowning my depression in vaporwave ""
zelda symphony was the best thing ever with the lovely
bathe in holy water ?
truefrienship is using all caps in the majority of your texts that are about literally everything
It was too late they got to me . It was only the worst thing I've ever done in my life .
Guess how many ukuleles I tuned today . Guess how long it took . help dying ukulele notfun neverfun
Of course I mean the printer not the room
I still don't understand why Lindsey Stirling put a trumpet bell on her violin ItsDoingNothing
Beethoven could compose even when he was deaf I know everyone already knows this but seriously he composed when he was DEAF ! ! ! dedication
I'm sorry that I ranted but it's so important to educate kids :( What are they gonna do ? Not everyone has another class in college like I did
Jean Sibelius was an excellent composer . I'd even call him a Jeanius . JeanSibelius Jeanius
* Is asked for phone number * is too excited and accidentally gives wrong number
Everyone relax , Linda is on it . ISIS
Raise your hand if you shoulda practiced more than you did today everythingisfine
I don't know why but this made me laugh way too hard
Good girls take 6-12 months to move on . Hoes jump from one dude to another right away . Dont argue this , its science .
anyways , name one right that I have that you don't have ?
Date a boy who works hard , loves his momma , loves dogs , sings in the car with you , and loves Jesus
I've never been so excited for the school year to start
is the most gullible person ever
Yo , what's up with all the watches ?
When blows up your snapchat
Starting to be able to feel my legs again
Everyone come to the 1st Damsels Volleyball game tonight . JV starts at 6 , Varsity will follow BeThere
Never take life for granted ChadTough
HERE WE GO . DubNation
Don't tell me you're sorry cause you're not
I leave my phone alone with Jake and Micah for literally 2 minutes and they take 114 pictures Why
It's the best time of summer ... LLWS time
Happy birthday Zac Efron ! 29 has never looked so good
I'm probably going to have gray hair by the time I'm 16
Whatever happens , happens .
MVHS is looking forward to hosting and his ChampionofChoices presentation next week . Thanks in part to
sad how accurate this is
the best logic I've seen
voicesavemark the voice instant save
Listen to him sing and then we'll talk .
posting this for anyone who might need it
Thanks Cheerleaders for the recognition at the athletic field - love seeing our school pride !
Saquon Barkley showing why he could be a 1st rounder in fantasy next year
Tell me when your loyalty is coming from the heart
Looking forward to highlighting our many talented athletes and teams ! MVProud MVHS athletes help us spread the word ...
Cancer kills more people in poor countries than AIDS , malaria and tuberculosis combined
Every 15 seconds , a woman is beaten by her partner or husband . Stop . Read that again . ( via
Well , at least now you know what you are ;)
Please retweet our song ! Every penny from sales is spent on items for those sleeping on the streets :
That short clip about relativity with and me is from this episode of
what kind of stuff ?
To let y'all know my peers say Mondawmin was quiet and peaceful til the cops showed up shutting shit down for no reason .
Super Cute Sweater for the fall - My youngest would love this ! It would be easy to make in adult size too :)
DC police chief claims the protesters threw flash-bangs , not officers . WaPo reporters beg to differ .
wildlife hedgehog rescue With so many little mouths to feed , if any kind person would like to help them @
Let's talk about how the FinsburyPark terrorist was radicalised .
The SAD PART is : republicans on intel committees have known about this shit for months , still supporting trump . must go
wildlife rescue . Well after the upset of the Peregrine , the cheerful face of this baby House Martin is very welcome .
When a comedian mimicked killing the President , I said that it was vile & amp ; wrong . This , Mr . President , is also vile & amp ; wr
Its clear that this administration wants to push the issue of sexual assault under the rug . We cant let them .
Trump team considering plan that would tax the $ $ workers place into 401ks up front to pay for corporate tax cuts .
Thread . At least some people with a grain of sense were able to stick out a foot and trip the wrongdoers before they got away
' Privilege . ' Some people don't get given millions by Daddy , Donnie . They actually earn it .
All of Trump's rhetoric on Puerto Rico has been White Man's Burden bullshit . There are consequences for putting a white supr
When exposed : Cosby lost his reputation O'Reilly lost his job Weinstein lost his company Trump - America lost it's mind & amp ;
hedgehogs . Hello everyone Miss Tinkerbell here . I only weigh 162g so Mum is feeding me up with lots of different food
As someone who has lived through multiple military coups in my adult lifetime as an expat , I concur these arguments entirely
Folks , Bannons operation poses a serious threat to our democracy and American ideals .
I was born in the same day as the other girl I had with my daughter . She had to be with me and her sist
WB didnt offer her a multi-movie deal like a male superhero , so she turned her first bit of fame and power back on th
hedgehogs . We have now admitted 20 little hedgehogs over last 2 weeks . They will stay with us until next Spring . To h
Ok , sorry for my LOOOOOOOONG silence . I'm back in the States as of Monday , so give me a week or two to get in the habit of this thing .
Let's go for a productive day . First item : stop twittering around .
Threat Level What ? Midnight ! Threat Level Who ? Michael Scarn ! Threat Level Why ? Apartheid , gotta fight it ! theoffice
Just got DSL set up at the apartment . First order of business : watch Hulu . All of it .
Wow , now I won't sleeping at all tonight ... exponentialterror
Copyblogger's is giving away a cheat sheet to make your blog posts go viral . Check it out :
Dear preachers & amp ; leaders : Remember , our priority is to make Jesus famous and not to build our platform . KingdomFirst
this guy makes some brilliant edits to Thomas Kincade paintings ...
Quote of the night : "" This guy looks like a villain from an ' 80s karate movie ! "" ANW
Here's my LiveTweet of the Emmys : * click *
We need to create more things that truly matter .
"" I give a lot of leeway , but you call NT Wright a heretic and I may break your nose . "" heardatGC 15
Can make a commercial where they kill that awful monstrosity that has unleashed upon us ?
Get your NBA 2K14 LockerCodes here -
Same pose \ view from the Alpha , Beta , and Main game PS4share
3 lures and all that was nearby was a pidgeotto
. @realDonaldTrump you have lost the support of every decent American . You must resign !
Trump ignores pleas of "" Dont look ! "" to stare directly at the sun
Excellent question . More people should be asking it . Direct POTUS interference in cases is wrong & amp ; could ( emphasis on COU
. @realDonaldTrump will apologize to Obama for the fake wiretapp story right after he writes the $ 1mm check to Texas .
Holy crap : Write check , sign name . Or use plastic . Not that tough for the rest of us .
Twitter founder : Trump was elected because social media is "" dumbing the entire world down ""
I hope she really zeroes in on bullies who try to intimidate victims with derisive , insulting and taunting nicknames . Wor
Trump expressed more anger towards some 1 silently taking a knee during anthem than an actual Nazi killing a
I am taking a knee on Sunday . I might need someone to help me up . TakeAKnee
People forget this man's only experience is kicking people out of their homes and getting rich off of it .
Kushner uses personal email for some WH business ; He & amp ; Ivanka set up "" private "" email domain ; Several laws implicated
"" The [Georgia] Island trip was one of two taxpayer-funded flights on private jets in which Price traveled to places wher
Puerto Ricans : Trump's relief efforts are a "" disaster ""
Billboard calling for Pres . Trump's impeachment goes up in California
Well , if they all think he's a moron , the way forward if the 25th Amend .
Harvey Weinstein needs to resign from his companies , face his sickness , and go into a long , self-imposed exile .
Corker comments in this stunning story are first on record statement of what many in GOP have been saying for months
Likewise if you're his mouthpiece , or whatever purports to be . Othe
I think what the President needs to realize is that his words really matter , Sen . Susan Collins says CNNSOTU
And theres reason to believe after he flipped , he donned a wire .
REP . alleges : Sessions is committing perjury in plain view in front of the American people . He cannot remain in off
DNC Chair Tom Perez at Northam rally : "" The America that Donald Trump comes back to in a few days is far different than the Ame
Well , since Trump seems to believe Putin over all his intelligence agencies ... the Kremlin must not be lying . Right ?
I can't tell you why I'm saying this right now , but "" Hahahhahahhahahahhahahhahahhahahhahahhahhahahahhahahahhahhahahhahah
Pennies from heaven and golf-paved streets for donors . Brother can you spare a dime for the middle class .
Inside the secretive nerve center of the Mueller investigation . My latest w / and following days
You can donate a desk or tuition in the name of anyone on your gift list
Trump watches TV . in part to see himself . Then he reacts to what he sees about himself on TV . The reactive presidency .
Every Senate Republican voted last night to confirm Steven Grasz to a lifetime judgeship despite the fact that he was vot
Excellent question . If there was no there there , they wouldn't be so afraid . They'd want a legitimate investigation
Much anticipated girl's day with on Tuesday , so if someone could invent time travel in the next minute that'd be great .
Started my sixth Fallout 4 playthrough , because I need more games in my life .
I just donated to the One SMALL Step fundraising campaign . Please consider supporting this great cause !
The cafe is overflowing with joy ! Breakfast Buddies celebrating MENtors in our students lives
We have some very festive staff helping at the candle light lunch !
Our bus was 25 minutes late .
We know how to make the Grinch smile happyclassrooms IteachK Grinchmas caring
Batman . ca . 1870-80
Drive a coin into a felled tree & amp ; it will drive away your illness . Photo by Joanne Headington FolkloreThursday
folklorethursday Utah : Remains of mysterious creature discovered at Bear Lake
These Chewable Coffee Cubes Help Nerds Feel Like Nike Athletes .
Watch a man play a "" badgermin "" a theremin made from the body of , well , you know
Mysterious Underground Labyrinth in Scotland May Have Originally Been a Druid Temple
2001 : A Gif Odyssey GIFs | GIPHY
My lord I love the Doggett episodes of the X-Files . He's just such a great character . No Mulder , but awesome in his own right .
Your Wild City A Series of Tubes -
The presidential races + the age of memes = greatest time to be alive Folk 3700
When did people start calling short articles longreads ? That phrase should be reserved for 0.5- 24 hour reading commitments .
Social Studies of Science Error
Marty ! Time is running out to buy a replica DeLorean from the last Back To The Future theme park ride in the world !
London unearths wooden ' notepad ' tablets from Roman times
Iron Man Iron Man Does whatever an iron can Makes your clothes Nice and flat Gets quite hot Don't touch that LOOK OUT He is an
Finished binging Netflix's Stranger Things ? Pick up these 12 books next .
Man , this IKEA has got ALL the classics .
. @DigFolkProj poetry EmilyDickinson FolkSong
All of Your Mom's Worst Halloween Fears , Ranked by Probability .
It's going to drive me crazy , which book is that from ?
There's evidence Russia messed around with our election , but cuz our guy won , people on my side are ok with that ? That's
That feel when you join the royal Askr siblings on their quest to save the world but cannot be a playable unit FEHeroes
Wax Worms Have a Voracious Appetitefor Plastic Bags
If Youre House Is Still Available , Send Me an Email : Personality Influences Reactions to Written Errors in Email
Another young actor's life destroyed by drugs and alcohol
No , Facebook Did Not Panic and Shut Down an AI Program That Was Getting Dangerously Smart
Students Are Sharing The Differences Between Teachers In High School And College And They Are Hilariously True
Whilst farting , it's time to address the elephant in the room : Americans have some disturbing ideas
Pray . for Paris . for People . for Peace .
Literally just remembered I have a pic of Velvet Revolver on my wall wow . RIPScottWeiland
haha , I guess , but my anxiety always ends up getting in the way
[ ! ] RELEVANT NEWS : CBS's president promises PersonOfInterest will be aired this spring
Remember my "" punk "" phase sophomore year omg . I wore spiked bracelets and black lipstick and plaid . I thought i was hardcore
Feb . 23,1978 FleetwoodMac's "" Rumours "" wins a Grammy for Best Album of the Year . Music
What to say when someone gets in your way . Watch Reptar during your Splat WeekendBinge ! Starts at 11PM .
My heart is shattered in 20,000 pieces and I don't know if I'll ever be able to put it back together
Going to bed because nothing hurts when I sleep . I dread waking up
I love you all and thank you for existing
That reminded me of HTGAWM when Annalise was trying to get Wes to shoot her
FACT CHECK : ( C ) on a government document stands for "" confidential "" . Not classified .
I didn't know that I was starving til I tasted you
Saara winning The X Factor in Brexit Britain would be deliciously perfect .
Affordable birth control leads to far less abortions which leads to babies that r wanted & amp ; loved . This isn't controver
TO WIN : Huda Beauty Rose Gold Palette ( must be following me so I can dm the winner )
I would sell my innocence for this
Arguing with Sagittarius is like getting arrested . Everything you say can and will be used against you .
"" If we don't make an effort to recycle , the future could be looking mighty grim . "" WorldEnvironmentDay QuoteOfTheDay Rocko
Sagittarius emotions are often too intense for words .
Republicans : lol liberals are so sensitive Trans people : * exist * Republicans :
Heather Heyer's favorite color was purple . Do not forget what she stood for . She'll be remembered as being on the right sid
stan twitter culture is saving a picture of your fav more than once because you forgot that you actually saved it 5 times bef
Week of 10/15 in Sagittarius : Leave your bed , and when you do that , leave your house , and after that , leave your city .
my life is one obsession after another like i can literally separate my life into phases of different obsessions and i '
lena dunham , a woman who admitted molesting her sister , really defended an accused rapist ....... i truly do not understan
A bill that will gut state gun laws & amp ; let people with dangerous histories carry hidden , loaded guns is moving quickly thr
have you ever slipped on one ?
I either get all the green lights or all the red lights on the way to work ...
Start this 3DayWeekend with a JagerBomb ... Hahaha
Watching late night LockUp ... I love this show !
For people wondering what my celebration was ... I was rocking out on the guitar and slamming it down afterwards .
Santa Fe snow SUCKS ! ! ! It turns into ice right away ...
Wonderful way to spend a Wednesday afternoon ! coffee vanillawhitemocha raspberrycheesecake
This is the most attractive thing I've seen in awhile gorgeous beautiful sexybeast selfie Oak
TBT to when I went riding with the Stewart's . Had so much fun that day ! :) horse riding trails
Ladies and gents , I present to you my wonderful sister
My WCW Willow loves oreos Northwood , Iowa
Yeah , basically ... Iowa State University
How I feel about people I don't particularly care for ...
Happy 4thofjuly from the gang
Pogo made friends with Chevy tonight University Plains Community Park
Look at this basicwhitegirl eating a pumpkindoughnut
transformationtuesday Looks like I have enough hair to make another dog after grooming Pogo .
I need this wall decor cantfixstupid
And I'd much rather clean the house than study for my nutrition exam collegelife
April showers bring May flowers ... april rain aprilshowers greyskies cloudy springtime
Say Ni hao Lays Chinese Szechuan Chicken ! Try all 4 flavors & amp ; you could WIN ! See rules
Is it the weekend yet ? - Pogo mondayssuck mondays readyfortheweekend dogsofinstagram
Some calls last with dispatchers long after the end of their shift .
Our new album Reincarnate is available on now at
coucou :) let's reach our dreams together ok ? Music video watch here retweet to help
I wish I had some soup right about now :/ I hate being sick .
Look at that ... Sharknado 3
Check out "" Just The Way You Are "" on Smule : SingKaraoke
It's finally my birthday ! ! ! ! Woooo ! ! !
Love living in the Nation's capital and still having class on federal holidays . That's fine .
I'm officially unfriending people on Facebook that talk about "" God "" and "" Christ "" and "" Prayers "" in every damn post . KeepReligionToYourself
This book is pretty much plagiarism of The Scarlet Letter , and that's really pissing me off .
I DID IT ! ! 3 weeks , 0 soda ! dying
Side note , I really want to know who my roommate is for next semester . If she's psycho , I'm going to be so pissed .
Why is my MCR / Linkin Park station playing Lady Gaga ? NotWhatIWantedPandora
A silly question to ask . No matter who did it , this IS a terrorist attack , and whoever did it IS a terrorist .
Time to go sit in bed and read until midnight . And by midnight , I mean 4 am .
I just want to eat and sleep for the rest of the day . So I think I will .
I am so mentally exhausted .
We'll say it was love . ' Cause I would die for you on Skyway Avenue ! FAVORITE BAND EVER .
How do so many people spell my name wrong on Facebook when it's right in front of them ? ItsTrisha NotTricia
Right ? ! ? I felt / looked like death after 6 today ( although that was the same before the run , too . ) . Another 20 would kill me .
Ugh . The VS fashion show is on tonight ? Great . The gym is going to be packed tomorrow . GoAway
Oh my gosh ! Remember in 3rd grade when I went by Hermione and we did those stupid Harry Potter skits ?
It's supposed to be above freezing today ? ! isthisthereallife ? isthisjustfantasy ?
Because the Rangers just knocked the Flyers out of the playoffs . :(
"" The Purge "" should be called "" String of bad decisions by stupid rich people . ""
Green Day and Joan Jett are being inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . This is a good day for me . NeverGrewOutOfTheAngstyPhase
GOAL ! Del Zotto ties it up with 10:13 to play ! 1-1 STLvsPHI
Alzheimer's disease may have evolved as humans became more intelligent . NOVAnext
We're thrilled that FunHome has been nominated for Best Musical Theatre Album htt
If I could find out if I have a job after May 12th , that'd be greeeaaatttt .
There's no one sitting two rows in front or behind of Bobby and I in Ellen's ride TooGayForEveryone
I just survived my first class as a Master's student at an Ivy League college . I have 2 more today and already want a nap and a drink .
I'll say it again . A study guide that is 14 pages IS NOT A STUDY GUIDE . It is a syllabus . Just say what not to study at that point . bitter
Trump Foundations largest contributor just got a cabinet-level position . Keep draining that swamp , yall .
Has read the Constitution ? Even once ? Or even a 5th grade civics textbook ? Can he read at all ? QuestionsOfTheDay
Umm , "" Back to School "" ? Columbia , we aren't even done with the spring semester .
Literally the only good part of this week has been ' s twitter feed .
So excited for Scandal season finale tonight . Even canceled my usual Thursday night social life activities for this event . tvaddict
Kev , I know you're in the Highlands . I'm sending you my heart and my thanks . Cristina & amp ; Owen forever .
And on to season 2 of LOST . See ya in another life , brutha .
Can't believe the RedSox just traded away Jon Lester . Man , this sucks so bad .
Finally . A Fargo win . Emmys
Just finished FridayNightLights . What a finale . Texas forever .
Don't care how early I have to get up tomorrow ... I must watch TheWalkingDead and BoardwalkEmpire tonight .
Loving Chelsea Peretti's Netflix special . She definitely is "" One Of The Greats "" !
Continuing with my Portlandia rewatch . On to season 3 ! Yes . You have a car and you exist . We are really intimidated .
Lily Tomlin and Jane Fonda's Netflix series cannot come soon enough . Two geniuses up on stage right now . GoldenGlobes
You can't put Parker Posey on Portlandia and not make me fan girl . God , I love this woman .
I am not ready to say goodbye to Pawnee . ParksandRec
Ahhhh ! Trailer for season 3 of OrangeIstheNewBlack looks amazing ! Can't wait . sorrynotsorry
PennyDreadful is so weird and awesome .
This show is pure camp . After watching 202 episodes of TheXFiles , I need some comedy in my life . Buffy
Nothing like a 1:30 am cold shower . I hate this weather . Bring on autumn .
Tatiana Maslany and Tony Hale fighting over a can of beans is the best . Emmys redcarpet
Holy crap . Is it November 20th yet ? JessicaJones looks amazing .
Oh shit ! Forgot it was the SurvivorFinale tonight ! !
Patriots fans getting their excuse and conspiracy book ready ...
The trailer for the new Ghostbusters movie got me like :
So sad . RIP Chyna .
There will be a new law about alligators before anything is ever done about gun control ...
Decided to rewatch Weeds . I've seen the first season so many times , still makes me LOL .
This is the proper response to encountering Lady Gaga
It's 2016 and Jimmy Fallon is still breaking in SNL sketches
I was not ready for the season finale of BetterThings . One of the best shows on TV this year .
TheCrown was amazing but also the Globe-iest of all the shows to win tonight . Probably won't even be nominated next year . GoldenGlobes
Figures that when I finally go outside to take advantage of the nice weather , it's gets foggy and rains . mopeycloud
This is going to be a long game . A classy move followed by a warning . RedSox Orioles
Thinking of Key West today . Lots of great memories living there . Stay safe , everyone . HurricaineIrma
[ #Gaultier ] Women's Window Dressed in Vintage Gaultier . womenswear jeanpaulgaultier installationnyc
Photo : [ #EXCLUSIVE ] Kilts Are Here ! CustomMade wool plaid pleats panache made perfectly by ...
Photo : [ #PRESSRELEASE ] Featured in #NYMagazine NewYorkMagazine KiltIt givingisreceiving fromustoyou ...
[ #New ] GOODMORNING newyear newlook newclothes newpolicies newideas newGoals newAmbitions !
Llama Get It ! ! 100 % Llama & amp ; Mohair blend coat $ 180 It's definitely cold enough for this ..
LANVIN FW05 Silk Deconstructed Dress . Sz . 6 , Priced To Sell , $ 300 . This Will Go Fast !
[HIGHLIGHT] RingMaster GraphicTees by Brooklyn's own FlatFix Brand . SoldHereOnly menswear
Photo : WindowTreatment Ethnic Print Blazer $ 60 , Tee , $ 30 , RalphLauren Cargo Shorts , $ 60 ....
Photo : Repost From In Bowtie Event This Sunday 2pm - 8p m ! Be There ! ! ...
OneYearAnniversary Party ! ! Still Can't Believe It's Been One Year Already ! ! We Would Like To
Photo : Smile Its Friday ! TGIF HaveAGoodDay Smile ModelLife Fashion Love Music GraceJones ...
Thank you to everyone who came out and supported our GrandOpening . The energy was amazing ! Brooklyn
Holiday Events at 7two7Create -
Do you ever will come to Serbia ? LOVE YOU
STOP ! IDK IF THIS IS A PHOTOSHOP OR NOT ! IF YOU REALLY LOVE HIM YOU'LL LOVE HIM STILL ! I LOVE YOU
BalkanNeeds 1D BalkanNeedsWWA 2014 93
we love you SerbiaNeedsWWA 2014 x70
we love you SerbiaNeedsWWA 2014 x170
Please follow me and my friends and we love u so much that's our dream thanks 10
Please follow me and my friends and we love u so much that's our dream thanks 105
Please follow me and my friends and we love u so much that's our dream thanks 205
Please follow me and my friends and we love u so much that's our dream thanks 305
Please follow me and my friend and we love u so much that's our dream thanks 402
SerbiaNeedsWWA 2014 SerbiaIsWaiting WhereIsSerbiaOnWWATourList SerbiaWillNotGiveUp x7
SerbiaNeedsWWA 2014 SerbiaIsWaiting WhereIsSerbiaOnWWATourList SerbiaWillNotGiveUp x104
SerbiaNeedsWWA 2014 SerbiaIsWaiting WhereIsSerbiaOnWWATourList SerbiaWillNotGiveUp x200
SerbiaNeedsWWATour 2014 WhereIsSerbiaOnWWATourList SerbiaIsWaiting SerbiaWillNotGiveUp 1
Make my dreams come true , follow me
Playing 1Dreamboy2game Zayn took me to karaoke again
SerbiaWants 1D SerbiaNeeds 1D SerbiaWillNotGiveUp 1DForMMVA Team super if you see this retweet please
1Dreamboy2today been 2 years since i played the first gam e
5 girls , 4 bedrooms , 1 house , good time
Listening to Dani learn all the words to Anaconda > > > > > >
that would make my mustang even better ! !
We think the gorilla looks much better after our new members got ahold of it ! SigmaInspirationWeek htt
I just realized that I don't own any blue because in my family that's a broncos color
sorry I'm just really excited !
Same shit , different day
Sounds like a serious injury
Andrew Luck to To Andrew Luck ? To Can you say flea-flicker TD ? ProBowl
she's been backed into 3 times since I've had the car , none of it was even my fault !
I just got so confused lol ... and why are you stalking me ? !
I have my dog and that's all I need
I literally cried laughing when we paused The Bachelorette
livetweetingmy 21st mcdonalds is my best friend
learn how to block so smith doesn't get killed every play
After dinner margaritas are a thing
This > box of chocolates
I JUST SAW THE NEW CHIEFS SCHEDULE AND TODAY IS ABSOLUTELY PERFECT NOW
My dad thinks I won't make any friends in Denver because I'm a "" stubborn Chiefs fan "" and I don't think I've received a higher compliment
If I go online shopping and sent my presents is it like I have a boyfriend ?
Honestly I love where I work and I couldn't ask for anything more
well then who would I be in comparison ? ! ? !
But it's so easy to give him shit
Someone : So Audrey how is your birthday going Me :
If you want me to send you dog videos over Facebook let me know because I've got lots to share I need new volunteers
i watched your rap video w / tyler like a million times ! ! ! it never gets old ! ! !
i don't know why anyone likes "" 1,000 ways to die "" ? it's just disturbing .
this is my third tonsillectomy dream in the last few weeks ... wtf
Would you ever be a magician ? askjt
awe :( you're just being cruel
Bruno Mars is sexy .
If you don't believe in miracles , perhaps you've forgotten you are one . - Someone
horrible nights sleep . can it be wednesday yet ? ?
"" That's a very pretty dress , but you should know it gives you back fat . "" bestquoteever prettylittleliars
Does Gheny have something against WATER ? ? ? shoot
Just got filmed as a dead body . Real acting right there .
Just told my gma I got attacked by a bear , she loves me
TheVineyard you could not PAY me enough to be on this sorry excuse for a show
"" I can't form word im really drunk i luv you "" - text from
Supervisor : "" Well , he's not really a kid , he's about your age "" Me : "" ... but I am a kid ""
FYI ... Beckerman , Rimando & amp ; Gil depart for USMNT on Sunday , return to SLC on Thurs to prep for KC trip ... No game
That awkward moment when he wasn't offside ?
If you're 5 ' 8 , is it okay to still say "" The next big thing is here "" when entering a room ? * damn genetics *
Ramos goal AGAIN ! Bayern falling apart in a matter of minutes . 2-0 UefaChampionsleague
So nervous I'm Twitter speechless . Come on USA ; millions are sitting on seats edge in anticipation . 1N1T IBelieveThatWeWillWin
Just like that . Boom . MLSALLSTAR
Introducing Joao Plata to the MVP race : RSL
RSL taking the pitch getting ready for kick . Let's go boys ! ! ! !
I love the confidence RSL is playing with . Space , passing and pressure is dialed in !
Good week . Lots of work still left to do .
USA just took the pitch ... is already buzzing ! ! ! USAvJPN
It's been 20 years since Friday came out and still hasn't seen it . Time to introduce him to Smokey .
I'm raising money for Medical Expenses Wife / Son . Click to Donate : via
RSL fans pack RioT , come early , come loud & amp ; support our men . Don't forget to buy BLACK streamer for after game celebrations .
High fives for 3 points :
The kid does it again ! Pulisic's 5th goal for the USMNT ties it up ! USAvVEN
I'll wait as long as it takes . My family is blessed to have met you several times & amp ; see all the great
Do you buy it ?
Bofo bags his second goal of the game . He's on tonight . Play on player .
Huge wave of subs about to come from RSL
Update on usmnt : El Salvador should have finished with at most 8 men . bite punch shinstomp
One of the dopest experiences of my life so far thanks for the jersey boss
What do you think of our new third kit Reds ? if you like it if you don't
Second half . Ready for more of this . USMNT WeWantTheCupBack :
Be sure to tune in to KMYU for the kickoff of RSLvHOU !
First day of school for Zions Bank Real Academy
On a positive note , score to take a 1-0 lead . Bring home the championship tonight boys ! !
The defeated LA , 2-1 .
Have you seen the polls regarding what he did ? Why would any NFL owner agree to sign him a
did you know harvey ?
Bitter over what ? False scenarios , , , , people ignorant of the facts ? I fought for us all to disagree , so .....
First words from podium were this is for the 28mil without HC . You indicated it was for "" some g
F . U . C . K . U
Thank you and for simply playing the game and letting the fans enjoy sports without racist politics .
WATCH : Hillary Drastically Changes Her Tone On Trump After Revelation Of Dossier Funding
Shout-out to all the sports journalists covering this WS game on deadline . Must have re-written their stories 50 - leven time
actually cutting it from 18k to say 16k will do nothing like you indicate . But you specialize in hyperbole so ...
Thank God Almighty you lost .
dozens of people followed me and 7 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
Not true , , , check again .
Agree he is scum , but is he addressing the issue or hiding behind pen of his publici
Let the people of Alabama decide . If he wins , then the Senate can expel hm ... that is
certainly nobody underage here , , what is your point ?
BLUMENTHAL IS INNOCENT ! He was in ' Nam !
Very few people . My guess is she would rather be in large metropolitan areas in USA , less travel , less expense .
Too perfect . Stay there ...
1 / With today being the 10th anniversary of Sean Taylors death , a few thoughts come to mind : ST was my third-favorite defe
and , , perhaps not , , eh ?
No , , it was only that stopped that bill .....
Stock Market , ISIS , ICE , Drain Swamp .... you bet your ass he is !
"" if credible "" so far , , , well , , how many have come forward with civil or criminal compl
He has many years in the business and knows when to run a story and when not to . So ......
she is a clown .
Uh probably because I helped write the bill for the past year , have multiple provisions included , got multiple Senator
neiloinksalot another successful movie night . socialstudies whoswho mikelovesdogs and dogslovemike
I will be completely content with my life once I have the blue verified check mark by my name .
RT "" @ConanOBrien : My goldfish is either planking or dead . "" hahaha
is sitting on twitter lol-ing and talking to himself Hhahahah chillinyo
i did that today too . and i must say , that never crossed my mind . youareaddicted itsweird
is skyping her dogs .
working with one contact this week . if anyone sees me , i'm not giving you the stink eye . I'm trying to identify you . i apologize .
me tooooooo . Where are you ?
come watch Blue Mountain State with us . BMS
Comparing and contrasting Ole Miss and State in class for an essay . This is gettting wild . TSUN hottytoddy
Praise God even when you dont understand what He's doing .
Here comes Peter cottontail . Hopping down the trail . happyEasteryall
Stayyy beautiful , . hope you stayyy , .
Taking it back to freshman year . Happy birthday ! ! ! Hope it's fabulous . Love you !
Hope we survive the weekend ! @Kalynn_Duhon ...
tbt 16 years old . Not a thangg has changed . Except for your fb relationship status .
Still can't believe A & amp ; M beat Bama .
I miss y'all ughhh come to Ox now ! ! All of you .
The Power of Prayer .
Happy birthday ! ! ! ! hope it's wonderful !
Baby Bryson's feeeeet ! Skeen Plantation
People with a sense of humor are so much easier to talk to .
I wanna know ....... have you evah seen the rain ?
What did the landshark say to the longhorn ? Nothing . He just ate him . Lol . Ha . FinsUp
best concert of my life . Shout out to for being the bomb and making it all happen . yourock thank you x 12345678
EsuranceSave 30 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ( times infinity )
Now that's a good friend if I've ever seen one
is a VIP on Original Gangstaz on my iPhone ! Click the link to join my gang iphone ipod ipad OG
Excuse me please , but if you really can hook-up with Tadashi Iizuka , then you should tell him to tell the guys at dimps to make
Forget Fanduel . I tried that and I currently have $ 3.00 . Use that . = proof
CHECK OUT THE POSITIVE VIBES PAGE ..... STAY TUNED
The Air Force announced a new tattoo policy for current and future airmen while also nixing the long-standing 25 percent rul
Anonymous wants Michigan governor jailed over FlintWaterCrisis ArrestGovSnyder & amp ; FreePinkney !
and are calling out the Media ... whether the Media likes it or not
CNN diverting all its global resources to discredit this man . "" there has to be something he's do
The most inane team Clinton conspiracy theory ever ? To avoid accountability they configured emails to auto-delete
Shit happens when you trust the wrong people .
"" 11 differential attorney's said he had no case "" KaliefBrowder Brother . What does that say of all other cases ?
How will the Courts weigh in on this ?
Public needs to be aware Dehart case has numerous , untenable constitutional violations re : FBI . This Anon case one of the mos
Erin Moran , the star of Joanie Loves Chachi , has died at 56 . RIP
I'm Sorry But How Is PrayForAfghanistan Not Being Talked About / Trending ? ! All I'm Sayin Is When Manchester Happen
So this is what it's coming down to . Our benefits and rights are taken away and the GESTAPO arrests people who pr
... for ordinary Africans to get ahead , to live in democracies , & amp ; to have access to the wealth & amp ; tools th
What have u done for blacks in your district nada . While u live in a 4 million dollar home u crook !
Bail Reform on Americas Justice System - NBC News SmartNews
But I read it on the web !
IfIWerePresidentForOneDay I would make ALL politicians wear the logos of their Corporate & amp ; Foreign sponsors so we can see wh
KennekaJenkins disappearance & amp ; difficulty in getting authorities to respond reflects pattern of disregard 4 safety of bla
It also allowed me to tell story of one of Alabama's greatest sons : UW Clemon , who used the absurdity of Jim Crow to dism
I understand . But I do believe it's important to acknowledge because it's been happ
When you don't answer your mom's phone calls for a day :
Duane Brown on Bob McNair's comments : "" ( We ) cant stay quiet about it .... this is bigger than just the protests . ""
How much longer ? Why is Sessions stalling re : high crimes of the Clintons ? Does he have something to hide ? #AGDoYourJob
This was part of the rigging . But no real consequences .
I think party ideas today are shaped by cor
I am thankful for the Native Americans who continue to fight for their rights and their land and refuse to abide by the s
Relax . Nothing has been decided yet . Youre smoking some good stuff if you think the Supreme Court is going to restri
If they can identify the "" fans "" who threw things at the Seattle player they should never be allowed in an NFL stadium again .
Aw . My kids always move my shoes . I've given up on this battle .
You could lock horns and find yourself in a standoff today if ... More for Capricorn
You have been pulled into deeper emotional waters than you pre ... More for Capricorn
It's satisfying when you can see the results of your work with ... More for Capricorn
You like the idea of exploring your fantasies , but you hate th ... More for Capricorn
There isn't much that can hold you back today because you have ... More for Capricorn
You may be fantasizing about a great escape to somewhere exoti ... More for Capricorn
set a goal to burn 400 calories in 4 weeks
I feel so torn . She's my friend , but her behavior is irratic . She locked herself in our main bathroom , and screamed like a teenager .
You are very methodical as you develop a strategy for the mont ... More for Capricorn
If your friends are acting belligerently toward you now , the s ... More for Capricorn
I'm watching The Biggest Loser ( 658 others checked-in )
Although you know that your normally cautious approach to your ... More for Capricorn
She should sit down and have a conversation with him about this . Finding out why he's unsure is a great first step .
The amount of days / situations that I fake my way through is overwhelming . ih spoonie
Woot ! Thanks for telling us all about this . Hubby and I love Doctor Who . Hubby loves Epic Rap Battles of History .
My current Brain Power score of 89.6018 % puts me in the top 5 % of SmartAs players in the world !
You may be worried that your long-term goals are not very real ... More for Capricorn
You sure-footed Goats usually build relationships on the solid ... More for Capricorn
You intend to demonstrate your maturity , but you might not be ... More for Capricorn
Playing Beyond : Two Souls . Only taking a break for meals , and bathroom . BeyondTwoSouls
Live and let live . wordsofwisdom
Want this game to come out already .
Home Again has 63,155 words . Vanessa , Angel , & amp ; Esmeralda made it back to the land of the living . wildjourney amwriting
The Darkest Nights has 53,074 words . Melanie sat down with Jack to have a serious conversation . Can they be just friends ? NaNoWriMo
Make this your mantra : My first draft is to discover my character and my story . I can make everything better later . nanocoa
15,225 words into Purgatory . With Denial gone , will Jane unlock the memory hidden in the gavel ? CampNaNoWriMo
Love 1k30 , especially when I'm trying to fit all my writing into a short amount of time .
Thankful for St Patrick , who was much like St Paul . Read a great article here :
Strong winds , possible rotation , big lightning happening now . Possibility of hail ( 2 "" + ) . Rain ! Getting offline now . Pray for us ? Thanks .
Kidney transplant is actually today for our music director ; kidney had to be flown in from out of state . Praying ! Will update later .
New Gig announced in Fort Smith , AR at Bluff Avenue Baptist Church Fellowship Hall on 6/25 / 2011
My Great Shape Today Journey : The Weeks Between Thanksgiving and Christmas Includes Pineapple Express Recipe !
So exciting ! 75 authors moving on to editorial teams ! Find out who tomorrow starting at 9AM Eastern !
NaNoWriMo Day 12 : 371 = 12275
I took a survey and was rewarded with $ 0.75 . There are 8 daily surveys available !
has gone rogue and asked Ryan to be Bachelor MTA Team Ryan all the way ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I bet Milton Bradley gave his wife flowers ! ! ! ! !
Your site sucks ! I tried for 20 minutes for the lawnmower
Taking our 3 year old to his first movie tonight to see you ! !
thanks , gonna redo this one from a diff angle , lookin ' for trouble and finding it .
Kinda sad when 10 degrees doesn't feel all that cold .
Virgos wont ever go out their way to make themselves look good to you . Either you like them or you don't .
Virgo in any relationship will be loyal , supportive and once imbedded in the relationship will go the extra mile when nee
Never tried to be perfect just always been Me .
RETWEET THIS ! FOLLOW ME & amp ; EVERYONE ELSE THAT RETWEETS THIS FOR 50 + FOLLOWERS FAST ! TeamFollowBack Follow 2BeFollowed Pea
Very sad day in history . Hate to see how the judicial system has torn the country apart praying for the Brown family and peace on earth .
The strongest people aren't always the people who win , but the people who don't give up when they lose .
Fuck basic bitches in 2015
THANKS Tastes like Candy 4THE & amp ; ALWAYS KeepinItReaL , STAY BLESSED & amp ; ENJOYIN A W
Hey Now look at my new video , share , comment and subscribe via
A Real Nigga Gon Teach His Girl The Game , Not Run it On Her
Every Woman's A Queen TY >@ DEAR 7478 <
MUST Be 11 PM : Time for TITYFOLLOWTRAIN . Rack up on followers RETWEET this Follow and
HS to you and I like the taste of a candy
Track doesn't define me . My faith defines me . I'm running because I have been blessed with a gift . - Allyson Felix
Never water down the truth . You would not want you favorite thing in life to be served watered down .
Getting my head right BC God blessed me with gifted hands . hairstylist beautystandards hairslayer phenomenal
Happy Friday to all let the weekend begin
if your mom is truly a blessing .
Virgos are also very loyal , and they will do everything in their power to make sure their partner feels loved and cherished .
Hopes Decree Excerpt & amp ; amp ; Giveaway via
Awesome books ! Thanks for the follow !
Why do I have to wait so long ! * Sobs * via J . R . Ward
There is a giveaway involved ...
Jessica Coulter Smith's first vampire story ( a short ) has been re-released . It's now available at All Romance ...
New 5 Star review for Dark Cravings ... I really stressed about the price hike from self published to EC , and ...
HOLY HOTNESS ! ! * Fans face * Excerpt & amp ; Giveaway - DARK CRAVINGS Blog Tour - Comment to win via
Remember that exciting news I mentioned a while back ? ? I'm happy to announce a new Erotic Paranormal Romance ...
I'm telling people about DarkInnocence in today's Virtual Coffee Date
Today , I write .
Dark Cravings auth Madeline Pryce names J . D . Robb & amp ; Kellen as her fave auth
Author Madeline Pryce Interview and Amazon Gift Contest 2/27 RSVP HERE ! | Bitten by Books - from
the gal who designed the bookmark was Sunny from :) She can give you a quote !
There was blood , so much blood it pooled n his eyes & amp ; mouth until he was unable 2 wipe away htt
the only member of 1d i like anymore is harry
shaun white and tom schaar have my favorite relationship ever probably
Allison has a dark passenger ... teenwolf
will i survive the series finale of dexter ? * shakes magic 8 ball * "" outlook not so good ""
OMG all of Michigan is in the red for tornadoes , the only good that can come from this is possibly being interviewed on CNN .
Assange : "" Edward Snowden will be responding to the President's statements next week . ""
I am the only person on my Facebook talking about the Olympics ... omg come on everyone
I'm already halfway done with my paper and it's not even close to midnight . I'm so proud of myself omg
ugh someone on tumblr just posted a bunch of pics of people getting impaled i'm gonna be sick WHY
Another call for genocide : Israel parliament deputy speaker issues plan to "" concentrate "" and "" exterminate "" Gaza
My meanness and rottenness is actually great preparation for my future as a scary old witch , so .
I'm such a lousy student but it's okay because society as a whole is lousy anyway .
I said "" the version I received was an uncorrected proof so I'm sure the final edition will be better "" lol
Another day another opportunity to be surprised by how little I actually care .
Drive by stars and high five martians .
My GameCube is so old won't even hook up to my tv , it's time for an F-Zero GX / AX rerelease on the eshop please
Maybe if I start complaining about my soc class as stats instead you'll really understand how horrible it is .
RIP pier morgen . killed by seein a tit . he will be missed by One lady who misheard n thought it was pierce brosnan
Everyone needs to be talking about this - criminalizing pregnancy is already happening .
When you finally settle in to watch that film ... and realize it has NO SUBTITLES
I need all of you to know that this ABC town hall that will air at 8p m is a sham . They shut out ALL real and hard questions
Does anything fill me with self doubt as much as a wedding ? ? No .
Remember when Harry Styles said he would have studied sociology at university ?
HAha guys I got through 4 pages and now I regret everything
Omg we got 3 touchdowns already my babies I'm so proud , finally
I'm offering a funny picture of my dog instead
thanks for sharing , i see what you mean . Particularly her commitment to analyzing ( sexual ) choice through a critical lens
Yes this is some BerenstAIn universe weirdness
Ive always liked dogs . Ive never lived in an apartment .
I thoroughly enjoyed that TradeDeadline . Took me back to when I was young . NYE ' 99 , to be exact . Such anticipation . Such a payoff . Wait ...
Cory Coleman over Maclin and Ingram over McCoy / C . Michael in ppr , reasonable ?
is it safe to assume you're looking for a new PR manager ?
So tired can't wait till five ! Synyster \ m / >
At the mall with Ryan , Papa , and April . WHOOHOO show tonight <:) Cullen :) >
Coheed and Cambria is next ugh not so sure . Listening to Ramnstein's album Senshuctz Mori >
Watching Peter Pan not so bored <Of Course>
Awesome glad he is ok <*~Eryka~*>
Goodnight good morning tweets ESYN * GATES
Who is going to eat awesome food I AM ESYN * GATES
To hungover to work when you ask to cover what a bitch ~ Maryz Eyez ~
Ugh waiting sucks lol oh well not much longer ~ Maryz Eyez ~
New nickname for him is Inamorato * Nothing Personal *
I'm up lol so sleepy * SYNYSTER *
if i was in cali i'd so be there i think i'm having trench town withdrawls * PASSIONS *
yeah they had that special when i started talking to you * killing Time *
In three days lost shoes and headphones i'm hopeless lol * Defiance *
I agree ! ! ! ! Can't wait to see you in march love you guys ! ! * Defiance *
Hello hello can anybody here me i know i know i should've gone to freecreditreport.com thats where i should've gone should've got my kno ...
WHOOHOO got another twenty hell yeah * Defiance *
Hell yeah i'm down for ADTR * Defiance *
OMG that sucks hope you make it and hopefully traffic wont be to bad * Defiance *
Lol this is hilarious jury duty sucks Reporting for jury duty .... Feels like I'm the one going to jail . * Defiance *
can't wait to see you guys on warped this year love love love ya'll ! ! ! ! * Ochitie yume *
. @xtina VoiceResults love your team !
Watching LIVE on Periscope : Scope Talk Live ! in NYC !
been saying that since 79 . :)
I'm buttastic . ( Glad you're OK btw )
should have donated the chassis to a tech school , shame to wreck it
enough of the milkshake ... now H2O
ready to go home and wrap presents ...
just ate an amazing dinner thanks to
anyone ever try eyebrow or eyeliner tattooing ?
great convo with the boss ... thanks for the prayers ..
just had a fun surprise visit from the Shrader clan ! ! !
just bought my boss flights to Venice , Italy ... wish i could go ....
Just got the most adorable note cards and paper pads from Come check them out ! ( via YAY ! !
YAY ! ! so when is he coming to stay ?
ahhh ! ! ! that treasury might give me nightmares for a week ...
Thank you for the kind birthday wishes ... turned 28 and started a blog . check it out .
I was thinking about it yesterday that March 8th rang a bell for something ... craftproblems
After The Show 297 The Conjuring Blu-Ray Review
I was actually in your game I think , I saw your name a few times .
Rear Cleansing but always soft :)
Fans of high quality television : I have a new show going out tonight on BBC 2 at 9pm . Ep 2 of LA Stories
I use some logitech g930 wireless headphones for gaming . Are these crappy ? they seem ok to me .
Creepy serial killer Greg Miller
If you eat the whole bag , YES ! ! !
You need to buy the Vanguard stuff in the tower with glimmer .
No country for old men ?
Gary what happened with you leaving Star Wars ? I guess I missed the news just read it in the Guardian .
After The Show 366 : Horrible Bosses 2 Blu-Ray Review
After The Show 372 : Gone Girl Blu-Ray Review
Can we see it online ?
Ddog greets his master . Metalgearv PS4share
Ah cool thanks , that is the one I want .
After The Show 414 : Trumbo Blu-Ray Review
After The Show 426 : Spectre Blu-Ray Review
Mommy a naked American man stole my balloons . svengoolie
Gotta love a large demurrage .
After The Show 456 : Dont Breathe Blu-ray Review
Added some Star Wars to my PC . Powered by the dark side .
Damn that's the wrong Plaice to park a car .
Is that Joey Essex in a wig lol
Yeah but look how cute that bear is .
Man who goes to bed with itchy arse , wakes up with double pinkeye .
4am ET / PT next Sunday 18 straight hours of TwinPeaks 17 Who's in ? TwinPeaks Showtime
I always turn it off , it adds quite a bit of heat under load .
After The Show 507 : Valerian And The City Of A Thousand Planets Podcast
hahahhaha ... what , like all your hollyweird buddies , who hit on women all
UNACCEPTABLE KENTUCKY ! ! History can't be wiped out by removing statues . More & amp ; more kids R getting
There's only one word for these mafia types : RICO
At least 2 RINOs see the light ... flake and corker ... but they bad mouth when it's their own fault t
Female Harvey Weinstein ? ? ? ? ? ?
I remember the night / day difference between Carter and Reagan . Life changed . Got raises again , bought a c
people DEMAND to know ...
she can try her best to put it all on hiLIARy but she's been a dirty player fr
Notice they're ' FEDERAL AGENCIES "" .. still part of the lib cabal that needs to be cleaned out . Still gett
Well , well , well ... CAUGHT LYING AGAIN ! !
I guess those black players don't really want a multi-million dollar income .
Really .. there they are ... all in one place and no ICE , FBI , nothing ... 15 ? Really ?
I wonder how much barry got ?
There are lots and lots of questions I would like to ask her ...
so are we now going to hear "" I wanted him to resign "" crap ? Let's find out who taxpayers payed hush
Thanks but no thanks ... I still remember the lies all too well ... besides
And this criminal is still minority leader on the committee ! Why ? Why hasnt he been arrested for il
Perfect ending to a disgusting career ...
So this dimwit doesnt think his dad is embarrassed enough by having to decide not to r
Minneapolis is SO SCREWED !
Wow ... that's a tough one . Can I choose all 4 ? Can I add a few ? If so , I'd like to add
Sorry .... I have IMPORTANT things to do ...
I HOPE what she means is she won't get involved in the libs love of getting public figures
And it's been going on since the 60 ' s ... that's why the brain disease is so deep seated .
Note to Moonbeam .... your state , except for a small swath , is a DESERT ! ! Look around you . Wh
who is this woman and what the hell was she doing in the White House ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? You re
Actually , it looks like Mueller's trying to "" destroy "" Mueller ... give him a rope and a chair and he'l
they think like that because they've been brainwashed into alinsky / marxist socialism fueled by nazi soros
HUGE problem .... damn it , we end up taking care of them inside or outside prison ... ENOUGH ! !
Good win for tonight ! 5.5 back from wild card spot . Sweeping the redsox this weekend would be nice ! rays
Aren't we all thinking the same thing ? ... after what happened Wed night in MLB ... we're ( cont )
My lottery s ... 16 2 7 4 6 gohawks
Excited to watch the game with you guys Friday ! What can we bring to share ( besides brewskies ) ?
Sad to see Norm go but pry for the best . Wish O'Keefe would go more though . hawks
Aaron Rodgers is about to regret that Discount Double Check StateFarm commercial ! jokes
OMG , Tebow to the jets ... please tell me this isn't true ! !
got me a tee shirt tebow jersey !
FREE ? Dang , I am missing out .
That is friggin cool . justsayin We're coming . BulliesOfTheB 1G
I don't want to jinx it , but SNL might be back . Good eps tonight .
in Iowa , an originating state , we call it bags . Never cornhole .
Like free tickets ? Join the Englert Street Team :
Braylon Edwards is a Jet again .
5 for 5 this week !
- Sign the petition !
No love for Shonn Greene in Tennessee . I'd gladly have him back in New York .
CAPTURED ! ! ! The hunt is over . The search is done . The terror is over . And justice has won . Suspect in custody .
Gizoogle is that website I've been dreaming about .
Joe Tacopina just offered MLB a 4.5 inning suspension for A-Rod .
was a great choice ! !
Stuck on Love and Drinking Buddies . Two great movies hidden in the Netflix library . MustWatch
It's time ! GoHawks TeamPat
Iowa State just doesn't know how to party . Veisha
Good luck to Gonna miss him in a Rays uniform .
It must be a busy day for It's been 4 hours since the Geno news hit and I haven't received one attempt at a witty remark .
also , do you guys own a coffee pot ?
i'm seeing your pea-cock-cock-cock your pea-cock cock . maybe because you're showering in front of me
Since I found out that it was a rotating platform and not special effects in that inception scene , I know how so much more respect for it
Woah sleeping with wet bangs makes them so crazy in the morning
My art teacher clearly won't have time to finish talking about one painting in 2 min yet he goes to a new one anyway
anddd i finally have a friend here yay ! ! so i'm gonna go with him and his friends to a club at some point . GO SWEDEN
2 more days till Philly . I better see you when I get there
I don't like jail , they have the wrong type of bars
but where do they tell him he comes into their house ! ? ! ?
world peace madonna , world peace .
I'm sorry but a booty call will never work on me ... notstupid
How does a directing class have so much damn work filmstudentproblems
"" Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds were married on Sunday evening in Mt . Pleasant , South Carolina . Congratulations ! "" Wtf when did that happen ? ?
Wasn't I adorable ? throwbackthursday
Can't wait to go to the gym tomorrow 21st cake bday
Best little in the world larissa 8164 sohappy bestnightever
So ready for this lildicky
NO YOU DID NOT ! ! ! HOW ? ! ? ! ? ?
What's up with all of these pooping commercials ? SB50
Don't have Eclipse glasses ? Don't worry ! explained DIY eclipse viewers today on
Check out my professional profile and connect with me on LinkedIn . in
Kelly I applaud you for standing up for what you believe but it's a law let's move on and put people back to work
The best there is , there was and the best that will ever be !
Credit Repair Dover (302) 735-7526 , Dover Credit Repair Service , Credit Repair Company Dover DE
Retweet If God Blessed You Today
GoDaddy , Game Fly , & amp ; other companys are looking for people to work from home to market there services . Very easy work . Earn $ 300 to $ 1,000 .
Meeting ID : 203-844- 923
Gratitude is vital and a wonderful way to be ....
Faith is the substance of things hoped for , the evidence of things not seen , Question is what do you have faith for ?
This image says it best !
If you have a great business funding consultant or credit repair specialist , they make the hardest things seem easy
Quit being and acting average when you aren't ! - GC
Must be doing something right people are taking notice .
So true always something new coming out
Okay 2016 going down strong , just helped a couple from the New Jersey area get enrolled in the credit repair program endoftheyearstrong
Get obsessed over your business and things that matter in your life . beobsessed
Oh yes it's true . We helped another aspiring business owner get funding for her business . She got 15 k to start it
Dear Alabama ; I am not sure who will be elected to the Senate Seat but the truth is be very careful about your vote
The courage to fight for what you believe in . That is a bravery not many can claim .
The key to successful internet relating is realizing that being anonymous does not give you the right to waste other human's time .
Half a SNOW DAY ! YES ! :)
Cincinnati Winter Beerfest was a BLAST ! It's been a long time since I needed a taxi to get back home . Now time for more water ...
Garona just came back up about an hour ago . For firsts you do what you gotta , I guess . I'm fine with just collecting my dragon .
Extra minute on break because we didn't fail at Putricide for 30 mins like idiots again this week . Woo hoo for actually farming a farm boss .
I want that stupid axe to drop . :(
Lunch time is strat read time . Come on guys we can get these HM's down ! :)
I have a 62 % chance of being eaten by my loved ones from
I'm really irritated . Today is not a good day to mess with me . :P
Sigh . Enh Shaman complaining to me about the raid have been followed by a gquit in the last two we've had . Please stick it out for a bit . :(
Week 3 up now ! first week as officer , shots on LK , tensions rise & we have fun with our pants off ...
Once Bitten , Twice Shy , BABE ! Two pieces of meta to go ! ! Yummy Frostwyrm !
I was ok with it being in game for people I choose . Not so much down with the forum thing , but I stopped posting there long ago .
Ouch . Currently sharing one copy with the hubby , but today is payday ! Doubt SCII sold out here , but too busy this weekend anyway .
Project truck work day , and our front rim is borked . Wheel Doctor time for me on my day off tomorrow . :(
Happy Friday ! Time to unwind from crazy work week with some PvP with the hubby .
My first YouTube video of Cataclysm , Admiral Ripsnarl of heroic Deadmines :
Definitely going to be trying Rogue / Assassin first ! Rift
A good write up of a poorly handled situation . WoM Post : A Letter from a Level 25 Guild Leader please RT !
When mom comes to Cincy , we always drive up for Italian Beefs , lol . :)
Have a guild in swtor ? Please , please read our guild recruitment guidelines . They're short and sweet , I promise ! h ...
1 week to vacation . Holy crap , it'll be a busy weekend .
Yep ! Home , happy Friday !
Going to a friend's mom's funeral this morning . :(
Guild merged with The Balance for easier operations organizing . Still on Jung Ma , still only level 17 . Maybe after new carpet installed :(
Happy Friday ! Just realized my parents and sister will be here in a week . flurryofcleaningthethings
:) Some of us had higher ambitions ... #tbt Irockedthatcostume
Thank you for bringing Azeroth to life ! My whole family enjoyed it ! WarcraftMovie forthealliance
I'm on a break as well finishing up a school term , sick dad , etc .
I just ousted Nichole B . as the mayor of APP Pharmaceuticals on
I'm at Boulevard Mall ( 608 Alberta Dr , Maple Rd and Niagara Falls Blvd , Amherst )
I'm at Dick's Sporting Goods ( 281 Meyer Rd . , at Maple Rd . , Amherst )
I'm at Chris & Molly's w /
Merriman's sack of Vick las week was taken away . He only has 1 on the season now .
I'm at Theodore's Red Hots ( 1752 Grand Island Blvd , Grand Island )
I'm at Section 325 ( First Niagara Center , Buffalo )
I'm at Best Fitness ( 2309 Eggert Road , Sheridan Dr , Tonawanda )
I'm super thanks for asking
Post-Hockey Shamrock Shake ( @ McDonald's )
I'm watching WWE WrestleMania XXVIII ( 4084 others checked-in )
I'm watching WWE SmackDown ! ( 35 others checked-in )
Yay ! Coed Softball ! ( @ Harlem Road Park )
Congrats Jenn ! Now let's party as only we can ! ( @ Thirsty Buffalo w / 3 others )
Good move by the Bills not changing the blackout policy . It's about the bigger picture , not just getting games on TV
My H . S . English teacher once jumped on a chair during class , yelling Oh my God , did anyone else see that cat ? mycrazyteacher
Followers to Retweet are eligible to win a logo hat . MLBFC
I unlocked the Sunday Night Football 2012 : Packers at Giants sticker on GetGlue !
Toon 7a : Back to the Future - ( Animated ) When Marty & amp ; Doc befriend a lonely Dinosaur named Philip , it causes dinosau ...
This is the greatest baseball card of all time
Just got this REALSportsWithBryantGumbel sticker . Check out my 274 other stickers on GetGlue
I just earned the ' Merry Brew-mas ( 2013 ) ' badge on brewmas
Hey big Dave ! After ripping them last night , the least you can do is show your jeans some love with a follow
I think he is a top 6 forward but there isn't room for him and 19 on the same team both as top 6 players .
GetCrackinAmerica ! Save $ 0.50 off from Ibotta .
I just earned the ' Land of the Free ( Level 48 ) ' badge on
Drinking a Witte by at
I just earned the ' Photogenic Brew ( Level 4 ) ' badge on
Probably late to the party on this but they still have a waiting list of 3,000 who paid to be on it .
What's the point of being kind to others when they are treating you like a leaf on the road .
Every body wanna talk bout they MOTTO is Y . O . L . O fuck it my MOTTO is Hakuna Matata
I just want that goofy , can't get enough of you , don't wanna lose you , I will never hurt you , you have my heart type of
my face is a 4 my personality is a 6 so basically i'm a 10
I be in my feelings for awhile but then I remember I'm a great girl . His loss not mine it's not every day you meet an angel .
He said he couldn't hang out with his friends cause his fish drowned ..
If we been together 6 years + ain't no breaking up bihhh
You will be missed , Mr . President . Thank you for making history .
I don't fear commitment , I fear wasting my time
Always go to bed grateful for what you have .
regardless or not if you were I know how to own up to my shit ... something you might want to teach your "" friend ""
I have no issue with being petty it's just in my blood
I'm a blood and she anemic ; we perfect .
I don't understand why professors still find the need to explain or show us how to use d2l . This is an upper level class , we should know how
Y'all really done messed up now ... Scandal comes back on tonig by at 8 and I'm bout to be M . I . A .
give yourself time to heal from a challenge youve been dealt . letting go of hurt doesnt happen overnight . it happens in slo
Wait . There's a word count for this final ? oops bettergetwriting ugh essayneverends
I spent six hours in Starbucks today and drank less than a grande coffee . Starbucks StudiedOut TooMuchFocus
More proof that I'm old : worried that soap will be extinct in 50 years , as apparently everyone under age of 40 uses body wash
I'm going to make really sad raps made entirely of Emoji's . My name will be "" Emo G ""
Landing in Denver amidst a lightning storm was simultaneously super cool and terrifying .
ArtsBeat : Taylor Swifts Shake It Off Video : A Dance Critics Take
My professor , Eula Biss , has a book on the NYT Top Ten Books of 2014 list . So cool ! Northwestern books nonfiction
BBQ + beer . It's almost like home . BBQ Texas Home
Happy Birthday , Olivia Newton-John ! In this 1978 NYT profile , she discusses her experience making "" Grease . ""
hey I just noticed you tagged me in a tweet =) how are you . You're not following me =( lol
Hmmmm not sure if ghosts are real i have never seen 1 haha if i did i might shit myself .
NCAA should never be allowed to take awards such as the Heisman or titles due to a player getting money .
Hey shouldn't the Super Bowl be played in only 2 places LA and Miami ? It's freezing in Dallas and not as fun
hey i live in ohio but im from dallas be nice to my city ;)
Hey Thank's for meeting me earlier today Annika
Vardon won 7 majors Seve won 5 majors you gotta give it to Harry Vardon
Ron are you taking your talents to South Beach ? ? ?
Nate nobody shoots 68 % from 3 you need to stop while ur ahead haha
Siick ! I got $ 66.72 so far by doing surveys ! Excited for more ! LOOK >
Maybe u top sissies nxt 2 Gen Aldo cld work ur panties n2 a big enough wad 2 utter a negativ imperative nxt time th bottles hit th craps tbl
The League of Extraordinary Deer Hunters ComicBookAMovie
If your ToneArmCobra holds you 2 a PurpleRain book cover standard of judgment & amp ; lawyering n mitigatn dets is verboten , that's UR problm
Want followers ? this and follow everyone who RT's this NationalNewJerseyDay YouDaBaddest ProducersParadiseFollo
If ya don't care about looking bad in hate to spite your victim , why care about looking bad via admitting error . Bear good shame 4 a change
a shaved squirrel that bit my nipple off ? oddbirthdaygifts
ManRay is sooo dumb , he fired his lawyer trial to represent self , then when the witness id'd him , he said , "" Liar ! I should have shot you ""
ThingsNeverSaidOnStarTrek Live long and procrastinate .
It's a BadTrade though to let a minor deterrent to your acting in good conscience defeat you so as to FANTASIZE se
If ya don't make your inner child b responsible 2 claim a care / will , he can pretend all sorts of identity including inferior malcontent shit
OK ManRay pay attention stupid .. Needy , desperate , empty , wanting ppl , mak horrible spies . They fuck th hunt showin themselves 4 attentn
ManRay will identify w bacteria in a chickens shit so long as ya let him be the lowest form of life .
I think if ya confess you deserve to die for a crime , it's evil , you're wrong , the worst characters in the Bible , m
Personal responsibility says you are a person ABLE 2 think , therefore you are responsible for YOUR will & amp ; fighting
What am I , a cryptozoologist ? Godzilla / King Kong monsters exist only 2 inferior desperate minds . Water board THOSE
I bear witness UncleSama confesses as a statement of fact not an opinion . US military Intel cult leadershit suffer
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones .
GWS = MadDog & amp ; BlancheDubois TownCharacters MLaiMassacre o GIJoeJr playn NatSec Bingo cuz they abusd / destr
SnowWhite's MirrorMirror face mask ensemble : sad , fearful , worried , nervous , vengeful , angry , inferior , hateful ,
Maleficent has willful blindrs on 2 self awareness , but is depndnt 4 ext pwr & amp ; U gota gv her a dose o truth serum 2 her falln reptile truth
So ya cookd some new diabolical curse / hate / #VladTheImpaler shit 2 push me / mk me b UR sadness FTW ? No , that means U faild honesty agin
Woodburn this into a 2x4 & amp ; soak it n the old fashioned way w some repetitious blunt force induction til U know truth
How bout we decide your innocence fate via a CanDo criminal capacity of KKK pieces of shit like you bigoted self deceived animals ? Not us ?
Is faith an answer to fear ? yes , as is knowledge . Faith then is analogous 2 self confidence 2 face inferiority complexes when you feel small
Idk but I been told an empty rattling can of lies don't fill no hole No fem side 4 child killing warring Nazi sli
Maybe you dickless child killers at the top should think about how you can kill Shitler or get his name & amp ; address
I honestly follow back , so long as you follow me and I check it twice daily with an app
They're being willfully ignorant because it means they need to take responsibility for killing Shitler vs gambling
CheshireBatman tells another leg puller about a coffee bean eating turbo powered all wheel drive lizard that ( ( ( C
Retweet if you follow back & amp ; Follow everyone who like or retweets this GabberHubDotComGain
"" Kids at Catholic HIGH SCHOOLS in Arizona take tests like ... ""
CheetaGirls 2 will always be my favorite movie no matter what people say
It's the best feeling in the world to know you're getting used
to win Perfect selfie case ( 5 winners ) * must follow
NOTIFICATION SQUAD if you wake up to this , or Like this & amp ; I'll surprise DM you w - a make up product of choice
to win : Holiday Edition Kylie Kyshadow must be following me
- "" Is it because I'm ugly ? "" - "" Yeah , it is "" honestly , this video had me screaming .
also you keep saying it's worth having a choice but she had a choice not to have sex and she did which lead to a new life
Huda Beauty ' Rose Gold ' palette
to win : Farsali Rose Gold Elixir must be following me to win
bringing this back to bless your timeline
TO WIN : the Morphe Gilded set + Morphe Palette of choice ( must be following me & amp ; to win )
Bitchhhhh Redbone by Gambino slowed done is pure sex . I will break someones back to this shit . WOO
BITCH DOESNT EVEN HAVE A JOB TITLE , YOU ARENT DOING SHIT
Hoping today will not turn into the Purge
I'm dead as hell who took a screenshot of your conversation and posted it
Yasss girl do what you have to do
DACA ! ! ! ! Retweet for anyone needing ! !
Miley singing The Climb tonight after 6 years on Instagram Live my heart can't take this
Lol Im sorry but if you think calling me fat or anything criticizing me about my weight and think its gonna get t
28 days old .... 28 MF DAYS . Yall cannot say rape is the victims fault . 28 DAYS OLD MAN . nah kill the son of a bitch
Watching this felt like waking up from one of those amazing flying dreams to find out that youre actually on fire .
Out at U-Mary watching the Men's and Women's basketball teams . The women are contenders this year . Hope the men pull out the win today .
The latest VikingsUniforms mockup on the net is fabulous , except the pant stripes .
Add Jeff Locke to the list of Vikings players that need to be benched .
"" Why being socially awkward is actually awesome , according to science ""
Zingbot just zinged everyone snap
I NEED Justin's new songs
Timmy D with the big free throws
I'm finally getting some good sleep tn
Time to pack it up James Jones
Who trying go to hanks
Meek better drop something ASAP
If Vick plays like I use him in madden then we're good
Stay blowing my phone up leave me alone
especially next year single a gonna be extra weak
lol I did fall back asleep . That all day breakfast is clutch
lol I already knew Ima hit you Tuesday for that falls game tho
Hate when people try to play the victim like they don't know the difference between right and wrong
10 hours on a plane
Right I was just about to say honestly that would've been a soft hard foul back in the day
LeBron led both Finals teams in : Points Rebounds Assists Steals Blocks
I mean we saw what he was doing to curry right ? Not saying he's going to clamp him but his mismatch on offense is greater than KDs
Hall of Famers | By Birthplace 1 . Pennsylvania - 32 2 . Texas - 30 3 . Ohio - 26 4 . California - 20 5 . Illinois - 17 PFHOF 16
Watch Michael Floyd go to the Patriots and be the next Randy Moss
So you're sitting here watching the game and think these teams is even close to being equal
Get out there Dover !
Need a refresher on the worst headlines from Steve Bannon's time leading Watch our new video :
What a ridiculous excuse for skipping intel briefings . They contain info you can't get elsewhere and on a human level are fa
CIA / Russia revelation alters narrative of McConnell as ambivalent bystander to Trump rise . In fact , he was one of its mo
It's been 152 days since held a press conference .
Well that's better , What a hit from Ramsey .
Reminder : 2016 election was first in 50 years without the full protections of the Voting Rights Act
Trump is announcing his Supreme Court pick tonight . Here are the 4 standards Republicans said a justice must meet .
Incredibly powerful : massive crowds are flooding GOP town halls . Even under Trump , power in our democracy lies with the voice
If every undocumented worker was deported tomorrow , there wouldn't be enough unemployed Americans to replace them .
Consecutive president's taking their most dangerous opponent off the field . Also hope he doesn't use email .
! The Wall Street Journal editorial board has absolutely had it
Blood pressure is not stable . GoHeels
Trump announces a tax plan today . Will it have more detail than his campaign proposal ?
While Trump was lighting himself on fire on Twitter , Jeff Sessions did something reprehensible that will affect millions o
How Fox News promoted its article on Seth Rich's murder ( May 16 ) v . How Fox News promoted its retractions of the same art
Cleveland is clearly a good basketball team . But they don't belong on the same court with the Warriors in this form . NBAFinals
- - - - - - >
I was lucky to be there . Powerful at the time because he didn't mean for it to be any sort of "" moment "" - - truly remarkab
"" There are no good neo-nazis , ""
Barack Obama consoling hurricane victim in 2012 , Donald Trump consoling hurricane victim in 2017 .
22 ! Guess we had to get a walk-off in somehow . WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWindians RallyTogether
Kluber and may have something to say about that .
Turn on and is waxing poetic about the USMNT . Courage indeed
Incorrect . I'll say it again : You openly encouraged Russian interference and your son did similarly in private as Moscow
Need to know two facts here : 1 . What did the career antitrust team recommend ? 2 . Has the WH weighed in with DOJ at all ?
WaPo's says White House statement on Muslim videos suggests it doesnt really matter whats true or not , "" but
Loving & amp ; break it down on right now .
I WOULD LIKE TO THANK LUCY HALE FOR MAKING HARRY DROP THAT THUN THUN THUN ON NATIONAL TELEVISION
At the end of the day you wont be tasting that dick . Learn to respect people who make your idol happy .
jaden Smith meeting the boys
I LITERALLY JUST SAID THIS
Help spread the word that no text is worth a life . Take a pledge & amp ; join the movement at Textin
Wow what a shock . What an incredibly inspiring tremendous man he was . He left a truly incredible legacy .
Thank you all so much seriously . This was seriously a huge dream of mine , and now it's reality . I love you guys so much .
CALEB CRYING BREAKS MY HEART IN SO MANY WAYS
Layin in bed thinkin ! just wanna say thank you ! Again ! Enjoying some needed time off . But we'll be back so
Give Me Love - Shawn Mendes : via
Ellen really is one of my favorite people tbh I want to sit down and have a chat with her someday
. @WeAreMKTO damn , sittin here chillin , listening to your album . I'm falling in love w / each song one by one , good job guys !
. @Trevormoran singing SLAY live in Atlanta ! ! DigiTour 2014 : O2LTour
Atlanta tomorrow is going to be our biggest show ever in your city and it will be live streaming to the world ! Tix :
HOLA ! Yo soy un hombre ! Yo como pollo y papas haha
When your CA puts little valentines on your door
life is crazy short , spend every moment you can afford with those you love & amp ; be great to them .
RIE IS SO GOOD IM DECEASED
me : * has used this gif a thousand times * person : his eyes change color every time he blinks me :
Watching people return this dropped hat at the parade today was unreasonably thrilling
Also he is allocating all major and prestigeous central institutions and projects else where . It is time we should raise our voice .
This is a proof that Indian Military can act tough against terrorism if there is political will suppirting it . Hats off to Modi
Ceramic mosaics are just really old school pixel art .
I'm ready to use some adjectives .
I just found out someone I used to know pretty well and hanged out with a lot ... is dead and has been for almost two years now . WTF ?
Hey Pokemon trainers , have you tucked in a Pokemon and checked out the Dream World yet ? Go to www.pokemon-gl.com and find out how . Pokemon
Phone battery dying . Going dark soon . Curses .
Challenge : share with me your best eggnog recipe . Doesn't have to be alcoholic , I just want a recipe that tastes good . Thanks .
Haven't really walked the strip at Waikiki in a while . It's still mostly the same . nostalgia
I swear I'm staring right at the guy with the awesome moustache from American Ninja Warrior . AnnaObrians
Gerard Fryer . Wrong device . correction hitsunami
And two matching pink Caddilacs just left the bank parking lot . yup
Not sure why , but I think I want this . Probably never get one , but still strangely want one .
Win a 1 of 10 Gold Vader Elegant Weapon ! ! ! swct
I was doing a for SWCT and ended learning something interesting about StarWars filming locations :
it's not like you really need to pay your bills , it's just that service providers prefer you did so in a timely fashion .
& amp ; follow for a chance to win a Tatooine Luke and Obi-Wan From The Vault Pop ! prize pack !
WARNING : It seems the entire plot / shooting schedule of TheForceAwakens has leaked . Please be careful what you read if you'r
Just got home from my first NYE as an partner . Never seemed to find even a single lull , but I'd be lying if I said I didn't have fun !
I don't even like sports , but I can't help , but admit how cool this is . I'm killing it on today !
I can only imagine . I'll have to find a rich tech-savvy friend if I ever want a chance .
man the Sith start their training young these days .
Presenting a mashup of the two best things about yesterday : StarringJohnCho and helicopterarms
I'm okay with this ... so far .
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Spider-Man box from
It's Robert Shaw's birthday ! To celebrate I'm giving away 1 JAWS print this week ! RETWEET to enter , FOLLOW to win !
in the words of "" Fate doesn't hang on a wrong or right choice . Fortune depends on the tone of your voice . ""
put him on sports and he'll love it
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an SDCC 2016 exclusive Indiana Jones Pop !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an 2017 exclusive Jade Megazord Hikari !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a exclusive Vulture Pop !
Celebrate your break from labor and save some cash off of these handmade goods from the ! !
out to eat with mom and at genghis grill
congrats on being 16 on the top 50 superstars of all time ... we love u ... u should have been 1
not sure i work tonight so if i happens i will be up .. lol .. sorry i wasnt any help
What & amp ; #039 ; s your favorite thing about my Pet Hotel ? !
as long as you didn't lose your wheatgrass / hair stuff
What ? I think the Denver Broncos are pretty good .
Dogs + doritos is a win for me SuperBowl 50
aw , jeez . Pain that comes from trying to avoid other pain is AWFUL
one of the most fun pieces I played in jazz band
My theory is she gave up being cool for Lent , and now that it's Easter , the 40 days are over
AN Islanders loss means no penislanders . Cookie puss . :/
The first and only time leafs drafted first overall they got Wendel Clark in 1985 . nopressure
There is a picture of multiple lightning players at the Justin Bieber concert . Are y'all trying to get me out of retirement ?
I will never understated the logic behind having bathrooms where the toilet , soap , & amp ; sink are automatic , but you have to pull the door open .
Here , have a kitten nibbling on pancakes
They kicked us out of the rink . Shut down . :/
But dudes are just so much prettier when they smile !
ENYA : [ whipping off headphones ] I said more synth and Ino . You do NOT tell me to relax , Harvey . Im motherfucking Enya
He's talking about don't go through your partner's purse or wallet . HOW IS THIS ON A CAMPAIGN WEBSITE
Way to fuck up the finish of that table , jerk . bitchasszombies
We're all nude under our clothes
but ... you would . FUCK that turtle
Somehow , this tweet fits pretty much anything I do
if the falcons win the super bowl i'll give everyone who retweets this $ 100
I be Ingram owns multiple pairs of pants . Maybe not red ones .
I dunno . Cunts can take a pounding .
What I got from the NSA business earlier today is you can get Top Secret clearance in your first 2 months AND there's a job opening .
I wrote about the valiant husband who publicly called his wife attractive an act braver than no-makeup selfies :
God grant me the serenity to not punt people through a wall .
I want this headline to be about this photo SO badly .
I have no idea what's going on
The best thing I've done recently is give fake names for email newsletters . I end up getting emails starting "" Hi , S
I would be okay with either scenario , tbh
BUCKY ? ? ? ? ? ? HETEROSEXUAL ? ? ? ? ? ? ? HILARIOUS
I'm at RaceTrac ( Dallas , TX )
I'm at Middle Of Nowhere ( Milford , TX )
Jesus take the wheel ? No . His decision making skills are awful because his BAC is always 100 % . That's what got him nailed t
An easy way to understand points of view . Which are you ?
. @AlbertR_KVUE says we're not done w / morning sleet . KVUE News Daybreak still on the air ! Also , updating delays here :
I'm at Walmart Supercenter - ( Austin , TX )
Although you like to do nice things for those you love , you ma ... More for Libra
I'm at ( Arlington , TX )
UT President Bill Powers : "" This is a historic day for The University of Texas and a historic hire for our football team . ""
I'm at ( Austin , TX )
I'm at 6th Street ( Austin , TX )
You can get all wrapped up in mental gymnastics now , even thou ... More for Libra
I'm at Taqueria Arandas ( Austin , TX )
:( :) ATX ATXGraffiti Graffiti Park
I'm at Pantego ( Arlington , TX )
Here is a photo of my act that is now in Strip , Strip , Hooray this time around , and wasn't last time we were there .
I could win American Idol if they just let me bring my shower on stage .
Approaching your work with a fair-minded attitude and a health ... More for Libra
I'm at Pantego ( Arlington , TX )
I'm at Safe House ( 78704 Edition ) ( Austin , TX )
Much blur . The White Horse
I'm at ( Austin , TX )
you are the most amazing person ever
You can often appear friendly and gracious as you make people ... More for Libra
It's helpful to keep your hopes in check today so you don't se ... More for Libra
A shift of cosmic energy drives you to seek extra emotional in ... More for Libra
Let the avalanche of closings begin . Fort Worth and Arlington schools closed tomorrow . dfwwx
I was afraid you'd say that .
I was tempted to call out of work and take a day trip to Austin just to get some Blue Bell . How dare you , Jason !
Strong cold front after midnight increases rain chances for NTX . No severe weather , but it turns breezy with gusts to 40MP
I've convinced myself i have swine flu . And I'm no hypochondriac .
No . when i see kris , all think is "" no . "" kinda like Zach . and Alex . but worse .
trust you with what ?
The leading female ... oh god .
Today wasn't as bad as i thought it would have been . Yay :)
So far today , i took a fourty minute walk up a huge hill , had some creepers follow us , counted plaid shirts , and watched alex sneak into ...
Super sorry that took so many tweets . love you , mean it
Over the river and through the woods , to daddy's house we go !
sick and tired . ):
i love singing in public . (:
MY MOM IS A SECRET SPY . END OF STORY . lmfao
Finally leaving . Already tired of my family . Gah .
what ? ? ? ?
I feel sick . Everyone on twitter seems mleh-ish this morning . Ahah .
oh . my . god . WHAT did i do with my rough draft ? !
Sometimes i walk like an idiot just for fun .
It's looking really nice out ! What an awesome way to wake up :)
Is driving with heels illegal ? Because it should be .
My life is such a success !
My physics teacher just told me im french on the outside and german on the ouside .. What does that mean ? !
Having a six flags day with my one true love , colin funk . Super sad about his departure on tuesday . :(
me and took class from him ! and i didnt know u watch sytycd
i miss u ! comehome
down on me part 2 whens that goin down ?
we stayed classy with smirnoff
Meryl Streep loves martinis ! She does NOT love really long acceptances speeches ! Move it on ! GoldenGlobes
ughh I know he's too beautiful !
Omg my bestie jus met give him my number ! I love him
hows burish lookin tonight im sadly in class and cant watch him
so borrrred ... shouldnt of had all that coffee
r we gunna tweet all night ? Haha
Photo : theniftyfifties : love her
So many shows r on I don't know what to watch !
don't know whats happening but hey i got my 2 pts for the day !
great day ! Cheese fries Yumm
20 was prolly the best year so far let's see what 21 will bring ! ! bigthingspoppin
All I want are homemade cookies right now ... You and should think bout starting a business topchefs
I wanna be Camden Jack injaywetrust
I think my train may or may not be on fire ? scared
About to verbally ruin all of my professors careers on these evals boom
heelchorus : Not gunna lie Kanye is doin his this ... Giuseppe Zanotti x Kanye West Cruel
Cole , Horan , & amp ; Lynch what a fantastic lineup of professors for this quarter ! Great way to finish up ! senior
"" You look like a white rih rih "" love ya
Great the start of all the fantasy football shit begins ... jesus
Omg and in Saran Wrap inheaven
ummm I almost punched you team 5yrold
That hammock life doitforthegram earlyriser nightowl itworks
How did we make it ? Did I rap battle last night ? ohman notagain
only two people I surround myself with that still use Twitter gottastepupmygame
RT , if you want my kik ^_^
When it comes to food , I don't play . End of discussion .
So fucking pissed . SleepyHollow Why would you leave us with the biggest cliffhanger knowing that New episodes come out in fall .
I feel like shit .
Inhale the best , exhale the stress .
"" @TNiCE252 : Wait is Space Jam 2 a thing ? ? Is this happening ? ? ... this shouldn't happen ... ""
we need to yet this during summer .
You've gotta realize that Not everyone's your friend and You can't trust everyone
Omg you're leaving ? ! ?
Nobody knows how to wake up a person anymore
Why don't you & amp ; _____ talk anymore ? Me :
Damn , how did you respond so fast .
"" @KINGSPAZZ_ : Lmfaoooooo I'm in tearshttps :/ / t.co / asjuUKML 9Y ""
"" @its_Gabby1 : "" @Nashgrier : Rise n ' Shine "" more like rise and whine ... I dont wanna go to school "" more like rise n ' grind .
You the real MVP blessed
Omfg .. one of my eyebrows is curvier than the other .. NO TIP FOR YOU MOMO
"" @cjallstar : this .. ladies and gentlemen , THIS is a picture that contains one thousand words .
"" @TrapoIogy : MEXICANS HAVE NO CHILL
4 people followed me / / automatically checked by
Alright I'm done . FullscreenVidCon Spaceboard
Omfg . Thought I was the only one . Well ... shit .
everyone needs this on their timeline
Waiting for the day when people realize I'm legit the sweetest out of my whole group of friends .
Thank you boo love ya
is it a maroon day tmrw ?
I am , thank you .
CMPD considers no-go areas for criminals
>p articipation by all sorts of deep-acting cues and stratagems . 1 ) no other machine allowed to be >
Don't ever put my name or my work in your mouth EVER again
Here's my modified model of how segregation impacts Black neighborhoods ( my changes are in yellow ) .
I wanna be happy for Chewbacca Mom , but its hard to ignore so many other Black creatives I see daily on social media no
But Ice Cube aint and never has been here for us any damned way And Lonnie Lynn can circle himself at the end of a cul
This is what happens when you underpay young employees and force them into creative quotas . This is a systemic issue
There is no "" friend zone . "" Please cut the shit . Thanks , management .
Olympic athlete throws an epic first pitch before the game . Bravo !
Late 20 ' s / early 30 ' s . She had to sue the city . Alone . A mom w / 2 kids . And she won . Changed the laws . This was BEFORE ANIT
if you unfollow someone for tweeting about black lives matter then congrats you're a horrible human being and you can unfollow
Pretty wild how heat-of-the-moment misinformation that sticks seems disproportionately to put marginalized people in unneces
Learn the history of racism in America . Stop pretending blue / progressive states are exempt .
many who observe BLM thru him to the cause : a small win . If authorities arrest that sparks a ruckus here on Twit
while y'all are lurking help us find KaMillaReneeMcMiller
Until then it's just propaganda that people highlight only after blood has been shed . And that does nothing for anyone .
AllJobsMatter bc the answer to jobism isn't jobism . It's job-blindness . Now go make me a coffee , doctor .
What world do people live in ?
But really , why are you such trash ? Y'all so shitty with Black voters y'all gotta rest on a lie ?
Not the first capable of doing so . Not by a long shot . Thanks to for breaking this glass with me .
The Dunning School was a HUGE group of historians who perpetuated the idea that reconstruction was a failure & amp ; blacks were be
She wasn't calling out Kim K - she was calling out how society treats behavior from WW & amp ; BW differently . But nice try ..
When the under qualified guy who consistently lies & amp ; grossly mistreats ppl is hired , it isn't for the right rea
It's our fragility that makes us so frigging impossible to be in relation with & amp ; communicate with us about race
Identity politicswhite male identity politicsis why trump won . Don't blame his win on women / poc . That's horseshit . ht
The urban uprisings of the 60s sparked tremendous social change . Some positive ( 1968 Fair Housing Act ) . Some negative ( soc
Exactly 90 years ago this summer , Trump's father was arrested at a KKK rally in Queens
imagine what that looks like we're going on a date i pull up at your house to pick you up i get out of my car and i'm all
My kink is a monstrously fake hockey player in the world and he accidentally let me sleep
It should be noted , the GOP voted to give folks with preexisting mental health issues access to firearms but not insurance .
Two black students have been given detentions , and may face suspension , for alleged hair code violations racism
Out in the country . Lil child waves at us a we drive by . My husband : "" He's nice now but he's gonna be a racest when he grows up . ""
I can't stop saying mishmash chit-chat dilly dally shilly-shally tip top hip hop flip flop tick tock sing song ding
Ya know they took Horny's goal back but I still enjoyed this concurrence
hags lost that fight bc he couldn't fucking see this is why he needs a scrunchy
"" I found your grandma's collection of butt plugs . ""
You know you've been drinking when y'all all start messing with Snapchat filters .
rt if u love vulgar hispanic girl spreading graffiti
Ah hello Monday and the weight of all my problems
I'm so excited about this shit right here A Wrinkle In Time Official US Teaser Trailer
This does suck . I see your dilemma but I dont know the solution \ _ ( ) _ / Maybe send him a screenshot of t
You know how you can just close your eyes ? And then you see nothing . I desperately wish you could just ... close your ears .
Tfw you too fat to catch it so you gotta use props like the wall to make it happen catsofinstagram
I will match whatever donates ( up to 10k ) . Who is with me ? Also retweet the shit out of his tweet !
If I didn't know you , & amp ; I'd been there , I woulda been the weirdo grinning & amp ; waving at you from 2 feet a
I'm a mermaid now and I will never forget that I can be surrounded by family and friends .
I know what's on tonight , and I refuse to watch it . Fuck Steve Bannon , and fuck white supremacy . Stop giving him a microphone
Maybe trump should invite all the NHL teams to the Whitehouse and if a team refuses I will pick a new team to give my whole heart to dontgo
So I've just driven from one side of town to the other . And something huge must be on fire . Because I smelled it the whole way .
Is there such a thing as filled donut holes or chocolate covered donut holes ? Because donut holes are boring but a whole donut is too much .
Time for my annual "" comfort and nurse my husband back to health after extreme candy corn overindulgence "" day
Guess I need to get outta this bed and go watch Stranger Things 2 cause y'all are getting realllll spoilery up in here
At least you don't have pink eye ! brightside
Watched it again last night after many years and this is some truth
If you invent something awful do you destroy it & amp ; all record of it ? But then won't history repeat itself & amp ; someone just invent it again ?
I love Kelly Marie Tran . That is all .
Thank you for sharing my crocheted lace ! ! !
An unread book does nobody any good . Stories happen in the mind of a reader , not among symbols
"" Wild Hair "" Wolf Embroidered Fleece vest wolf white fleece womens girls
Large Christmas Angel Cookie Cutter 6 x 3 Bark & amp ; Bradley
CZECH GLASS Beaded Coffee Cup Ceramic Focal Bracelet with Bead via
Vintage Amish Dutch Cookbook Pa Dutch Recipes 1973 Ephrata Pa via
Antique Ice block Tongs / Heavy Duty Ice Tongs Rustic Primitive via
Orange / Yellow Crackle Bead Necklace Set - Fun Summer Jewelry
SALE 45 % OFF Yellow Cat Cat with Flowers Cat Decor Cat via
trends that blend - featuring the traveler vintage handmade worldtraveler EtsyShops etsyevolution
Christening Embr Coat christening baptism coat white embroidery handmade girls
ON SALE big hamsa evileye protectionwall hangblue eyehome via
Turquoise Cross Earrings Christian Silver earrings Etsy via
Georges Briard Persian Garden Rectangular Art Deco Appetizer via
Check out Trkranz , Halloween Kranz mit Eule , Wanddeko , HANDMADE via
Customized Ring Bearer Pillow Hand Stitched Personalized via
Mezuzah casesilver platedJewish mezuzah 1980 ' sjewish via
Cat in Jack O Lantern Halloween Friends Bird Halloween via
Check out this tote bag on
Orange Crush Dragonfly via jacket dragonfly embroidery girls coat outwear
Skull Quilt skull quilt table runner halloween decor cat spider witch bat
Baseball Wedding Invitation Tickets RSVP Ticket Ticket Stub via
Pumpkin Hat via hat pumpkin beanie fall cap child baby infant crocheted
Zombies Adult Drool Bandana Zombie Outbreak Red Snaps for via
Cash Envelope System Set Pastel Light Colors Assorted via
Christmas Tree Embroidered Holiday Jacket , jacket tree christmas corduroy green
Flag Lace Bookmark via bookmark flag lace star banner stripes machine blue
Hand Crocheted Lace Trim Edging via lace crochet handmade beige edging
ON SALE SALE 4 Christmas bracelets Stretch Christmas via
Gingerbread Man Quilted Wall Hanging / Table Topper via quilt gingerbread man
Happy Birthday I am very sorry I forgot to tweet this earlier . Hope your birthday has been amazing !
Louis Tomlinson's tweets made my night .
Why do I always do everything last minute ?
Putt at home with this practice green 50th person to wins ! MenCare Rules :
lost a customer . Flwrs 4 wife didnt show ystdy . had 2 call 4x today . ' hopefully by Tuesday ' answer . 2x told to call back later
Not sure what happened , but the hate is flowing today on Twitter .
And even better that they didn't go to commercial between 8th and 9th .
Rosier ! Good things seem to happen when he's on the floor .
Story has been done . I'm just hoping for some gear .
so you lead me to believe i can possibly have something and then you tell me there's no chance of me getting it ? wow thanks
it's already almost 3 ? ? ? wow i really was zoned out
can we be bestfriends ?
It was 80 three days ago , and now it's 50 Welcome to Indiana !
hate my legs so much
my house is so cold my fingers are numb
highschools supposed to be the best years of our life yet I spend hours a day stressing over my grades & amp ; homework so how am I gon
tomorrow is kind of technically a wednesday and that makes me happy
i still laugh at this
oh come on that last tweet was funny
aujourd'hui c'est mon anniversaire . j'ai quinze ans :)
i'm starting to miss taekwondo
someone please tell me who is
why does my ankle hurt so bad
when u aren't really keepin in touch w long distance friends :( ( ( (
the best thing is when people simply will not leave u alone
just finished the dark knight trilogy ... i cried ... amazing
when u were gonna go to chicago but the weather doesn't agree with u
I've said it before and I'll say it again ; heath ledger is a beaut
hit that like button if you up ! ! !
I LOVE Bagheera . I can't believe anyone would do something so terrible to such a sweet puppy . StopAnimalAbuse
yeah I got maybe 4 hours of sleep but the itching woke me up . this is one of the worst feelings , I just want to sleep
I don't think I could park well if my life depended on it
you all should come out to the CHS track 10 to support a great cause ! your t-shirts double as your tickets , or bu
I favorited a YouTube video - - My Sony Vegas Pro 9 HQ Fast Render Settings
I subscribed to NickiMinajTV's channel on YouTube .
My dad used be at Duke , so I have to go that way ;)
come on ! big money , big money , no whammies ....
haven't been on in a while - wasn't ignoring you . I have played some jams , although improvising is something I need to improve !
Your confections are making me hungry at an inappropriate time 4 snacks ! - Baby pumpkin pies :D
Welcome back ! Did you bring your dust mask ? :)
Rev . Lowery is an outspoken supporter of full inclusion within the Christian church -
Got mine in yesterday on the White River greenway . Where do you run ? Weather permitting I think I might run today ...
Feeling lousy but glad I got that Egyptian cotton blanket before it was too late ! ! ( @ Artie's House ) [pic] :
Confession 2 : I first heard about TED from my mother . sadbuttrue
I missed this news ! Do tell
my SCStory got spam-commented by one of those Russian Bride things ! On the plus side , I have fans in Russia ? :)
thanks for the follow ! ff music and arts edition
. @davidmwessel ' s must read on US federal budget . My take : A giant health care & amp ; pension co . w / a defense subsidiary ...
Balanced Attack : the BSU offense is currently ranked 21st in rushing and 23rd overall in the FBS . Go Cards ! RiseUp
Also , I got a wheat penny in my change today , so I'm sitting on top of the world , y'all . coincollector NerdAlert
So cool . I just watched a episode today about owls Found an owl today owl audubon indiana
but he's a Coppernoll . That just won't work unless you purposefully stunt his growth
Help us help families battling cancer---register to walk or donate today
To the outside world , you are one company no matter how you are organized ( or siloed ) via
Did you VotePacers on the NBA All-Star ballot today ? this to cast your vote for Paul George NBAVote
A preview of the project we'll show eduweb 16 - I'm ' The Healer ! ' What are you ?
Hope to see you next Thursday hesm BallState ecismg
So many great people doing amazing things , right here . Congrats to Mrs . Vegh ! Muncie
It also reads like a terrible date
If this is about ramen , Im in
yeah it's turf but the footing seems good , lots of cutting with no issues in the first half here
Slash and kick for open threes ! ! ! ! Beatiful ! ! ! ! ! Pistons
Oh it's Mason Plumlee ... I was hoping for Miles
Rough Q for the Cougars but GRCC still leads Haslett 22-17 at the half
I can't wait for the future Sixers lineup of Noel / Embiid / Okafor TripleTowers
great moment live , the helmet toss ranks up there with Al Al's ball kiss
The John Stamos cameo in ' They Came Together ' kills me every time ! Such a great movie
STEPH CURRY ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? How in the hell did he get that off ?
I always go there during "" off hours "" and have always had great experiences
I agree the window's closed , but it's hard for me to come to terms with it in reality I guess
Watching my favorite movie of all time , Wet Hot American Summer , can't wait for the insane looking prequel to hit netflix tomorrow ! !
At the half Mona Shores leads West Ottawa 41-0
Cutlers gonna Cutler ! ! ! ! ! ! GoPackGo
Are there any more McCown brothers ?
Week 1 of playoffs , needed to bust out the playoff beard
Abs ! ! ! ! ! ! Good for him ! ! !
I like Zimmerman , but if you were willing go give him 22 , you really couldn't give Price 30 ?
that's really interesting , would have expected them to be dogs , maybe vegas saw the same trend I did
Huge win for NBAAllStarSaturday just incredibly entertaining from start to finish !
Fantastic news , KP is going to be a stud at QB this year , it will be interesting to see how he transitions to WR
What was Drummond thinking out there ? Can't pick up those two fouls , just terrible decision making
Rare mid Finals NBA Trade
Allendale gets an INT and turns it into points on the ensuing drive , the Falcons lead Unity Chr 28-22
My man ! That Muskegon / Zeeland West matchup
Montague forced a turnover on downs , Montague ball up 7 w / 9:58 left
End of the 3rd q , DCC leads Grandville 21-14 , DCC has it on the Grandville 34 to start the 4th
At least Seatlle's not an historically difficult place to play right ?
Nick Castellanos was a good player but NICHOLAS Castellanos is a HOFer Tigers
Christian's great . James Patrick is a big play waiting to happen on every snap . GRC would be 11 right now
Penalty made it 4th and 10 and Montague turns the ball over on downs
one of the pitchwars mentors I submitted to said she isn't requesting partials ... so I guess I'll wait and see ( )
glad I'm not the only pick feeling this way ... it must come with the territory of being a writer ;)
Sounds like he knew one person that happened to be from the East Coast that said that lol
* hands you croissant *
Things I shouldn't have to say to my husband : "" Stop picking your scab with those chopsticks . ""
One of the best things about PitchWars is the new friendships forged . This is an opportunity for you to expand your netw
oh no . deleted the music or deleted the organizational stuff ?
The greatest possible response to a new idea after you tell your CP : "" Bro . That's hella sad . "" sadspacethings
you were being a productive person and making lists :P
Same when people come to my door
* gasps * dat list tho
blergh . tumblargh , get it together :/
* blushes * thank you
I've never seen a mentor make someone PULL a ms once its sent out . Hold off on sending , yes
If you're a POC / Native American writer who wants the extra entries to PitchWars pls consider entering ScholarPitch h
Voice Dream . Cost money , but its my favorite .
SFFpit YA FA LGBT In a frostbitten world where yokai-inspired monsters prowl , Kie must survive to save the girl she loves .
Kie's job is to stop monsters . After creating her own , she must hide it from the girl she loves . SHADOW & amp ; BONE + FULL
Yall keep breaking my heart I can't take it anymore
Glacier National Park , Montana
Finally got my double cartilage piercing
Yes , 41 - 23 over the 49ers . saints
Exclusive footage of Chris and Soulja Boy popping off on Instagram live .
beggin for competition and munchin on my opponents !
Bruh she got the same amount of Retweets i got
"" Omg is that your real hair ? ! ""
NEW ORLEANS LOUISIANA ! ! ! ! !
Nova won LETSS GO You can have your opinion but Nova deserved that chain frl NovaNation therapgame
Don't need no favors , Ima hustle for it shhhh
go pull that lame shit on a lame bitch
Why am I still up
girl cussed her mum out and is a millionaire now ... my head is spinning , being white rlly gets you places
Today In 1992 , Michael Jackson kicked off The Dangerous World Tour ! The ENTIRE tour profits ( $ 100 million ) were donated to c
Numb the pain with the money
someone tell ms . moscato to turn her goofy down ! ! !
No makeup , no filta
You tryna force it but you fake and we see through it YOU BE TYPING HARD AND TALKING LOUD BUT NEVER DO SH * T ~
Young Lyric - Balmain FridayFeeling
need something new in my life
Girl over a blanket you play too much
get ready for the experience of a lifetime .
I'm done making an effort with you
fuck I miss you after all this time I feel like we would still be buds thank you so much !
I used to know this girl who was really crazy and I just found out she and her boyfriend decided to get married at 18 and I love that
Just emailed my pal Mr.co llier about that financial aid situation
OH MY GOODNESS YES DO A REPEAT FOR ME PLEASE
I'm up for any prom date at this point just ask me and i'll say yes this is a promise
wow I have so much homework to do but nope
Be friends with me now bc I'm really generous and I'll buy you things when I'm rich
I wish I was weird in the cute quirky way rather than the I'm destined to always scare people off at first impression kind of way
I hate how my gym teacher insists I run when I've been practicing walking regularly since I was like one and I'm really talented at it
When the Mac employee thinks ur stealing > > > >
no but I actually give up on life
THE SQUAD WAS TOO GOOD
Memes are getting way too real
* goes to philly twice * you can take the girl out of philly but you can't take the philly out of the girl xD
Why tell me to text you more if you don't even respond to me
* gets popcorn * I'm ready .
me when I take pics
Had a stern talking to w myself this morning about avoiding problems and pretending they don't exist
Always save ur change one time my mom said I could only go out if I gave her $ 30 thinking I didnt have it and I gave it to her in all change
nothing can go wrong if I don't check my school email
Catch me throwing a viral video worthy tantrum over the fact that Ive made SO MANY golden tweets over the past few
My spanish teacher thinks I'm stellar .... good or bad thing ?
Voodoo is at my house :)
Why is my phone not working ?
thank you ! ! I actually may have found one ! I can't stand working at this liquor store !
is very sad because she never has anybody to eat lunch with . =[ i need some school friends
Arghhhh ! - Honestly , I SO wish I could disappear for a few days and not talk to ANYONE . People are driving me ...
Lmao I love whoever came up with this !
Need to catch up on thevoice gotta get my drool on ;)
I just hit big on Bingo Bash Fortune Wheel
I'm at Red Olive Restaurant ( Saint Clair Shores , MI )
I'm at Hotel ( Detroit , MI )
if you're from the south and talk like it , thats fine , but a northern girl trying to act like shes so southern and judging everyone ... not ok
I'm at ( Mt . Clemens , MI )
I just hit big on BingoBash Fortune Wheel
I just hit big on Bingo Bash Fortune Wheel
and follow to enter for your chance to win an ENEOS portable charger . Winner randomly chosen tmrw at 1pm ET !
I just hit big on Bingo Bash Fortune Wheel
A1 I love the bright colors and fun ponies ! ! FirstFriends
Tell us what makes you sweat . SecretClinical SecretCrowd ad
I need double coverage ! EsuranceSweepstakes SB50
Learning about climate change is our right . ClimateEdEntry -
I just hit big on Bingo Bash Fortune Wheel
Hasbros collection of games is perfect for any family HasbroGameTime Advertisement
Today calls for my new virtual guac recipe . Whats yours ? GuacIt CincoDeMayo Entry -
The rocktheborder tour wraps tonight with see you on the patio ! entry -
The Heartbeat Diet , the latest on weight loss , released for pre-order . AmazonGiveaway Ad
Submit a video of your little one cooking and you could win $ 1,000 ! MiniChefSweepstakes -
The LWYMMDvideo is out NOW ! ! Watch it on repeat with us allll night
Holy shit lmfao my kid just took the most powerful dump . It was so loud ! !
If doesn't like I just .... I don't know . But it's not cool . Not cool at all .
dude me too lets roll
that would be because I said something about it being two weeks away would it ?
It's official Tulsa hit 80 today . It's the first time that has occurred in 104 years .
The stuff we talk about haha
Sooo ready for this shit to start
I'm gonna girl-creep-tweet on your Twitter until you talk to me . I think I just invented a thing ...
Trader Joe's coming to Tulsa ! a little piece of cali . I'm stoked .
when I listen to in class same
Seriously though , some people need to realise that just because you can't afford to travel for a band doesn't mean you're a
shhhhhhhhhhhh Bob's Burgers is on
please tell me that's actually happening , I found my Lights Out shirt the other day . it's a fucking sign !
JRR Tolkien published The Fellowship of the Rings 60 years ago today , and Fantasy fiction has never been the same .
a friend got this sick shot of in Cleveland rocking hell yeah ! ( credit : Loretta Hagar )
dear if you could please take a few minutes to read this , it would really mean a lot to me . ( cont )
hahahahaha this guy wins ?
I got told to "" go listen to my screamo "" yesterday and I about took a bitch the fuck out
ok , so my usps tracking thing lied . I didn't get my shirt today . damn who knew 2-3 day shipping actually means 2-3 weeks
I'm literally the only girl that calls themselves prude and doesn't find it insulting one bit
CNBCGOPDebate if Jeb Bush's last name wasn't such a bad name in the political world , I bet he would have a metric ton of supporters .
it's worth it . ABR is playing too , and they're amazing live as well
I don't think I've ever had a song that understands me the way "" Nobody "" does . it brings tears to my eyes every time ...
I AM SO FUCKING NERVOUS
I just had a huge derp moment
that being said I did not find Seinfeld funny either , wanna fight about it ?
seriously if anyone has the answer as to what comes next , I don't mind the spoiler because I literally don't care about most things .
oh fuck i'm going to the xmas show ! ! cannot contain self !
Looking forward to melting in the north Carolina heat in a couple of short weeks
I do . Its my email address . I'm down with 2008
Un ltimo Desafo - Inspirado por la historia de Armando R .
cbfx you Gotta show me this wall sometime
i'm saying it at you like in reply to or about you like you so silly
Came home to a beautiful present !
Already confirmed going Sat ! ! !
in predictions : Who'll win the CoD tournament ? http://t.co / FozFXgyiaW
OMG ROFL just saw this ....
You mean when I carry you Kappa
Jeez 2 much * thx *
EN / FR AutoDJ mode ON WTF MMO ? ! ? ! ? ! Leveling and bored come say hi ? :
. @StDxRealize Why ? Oh plz enlighten me ...
When someone gives me AWP I scream & amp ; throw it down and say , "" I don't use scopey guns "" "" OMG I'm not the only one that does this
3 min they're pushing hard on us 135-149
Are you part of the RedRebellion yet ? Support our teams and pick up an shirt or hoody today ! RT
no you can't confirm or no there are no cockroaches ?
bonjour ... Je n'aime pas le matin
Enter to win an Apple Watch , HyperX Cloud II Headset , or a OCZ 120GB SSD from PaxEast PaxEast 2016
Getting ready for Mia's championship softball game .
girls night out . . . Runnilg late , as usual . Sorry girls !
gorging on chips and cheese and getting my tail WHIPPED by my seven year old at Uno ! Lol . Lovin life .
Religion tends to lead to comparing and arrogance while Jesus always awards humility and brokenness .
finished 1st quilting class . Discovered what the sewing machine I want costs . I will most likely own a horse first . Lol . I can dream right ?
You're on loud and clear sister . . . Lol .
hopefully i can show you the finished project Sunday . . . Not sure if it will get done though . Argh ! Lol .
CSLewis : It's not your business to succeed , but to do right ; when you have done so , the rest lies with God . - Good advic ...
Kiddos getting settled in to watch The Polar Express . Love that my nieces and nephew are here because of the snow !
Doing the happy dance ! WAY TO GO HEELS ! ! ! !
I just received my copy of Hidden Joy in a Dark Corner . Thank you for my verses . STRAIGHT TO MY HEART ! hiddenjoy
So I'm quickly learning that homeschooling my eldest is easy . . . my youngest . . . Not so much . A little high maintenance . Lol .
Christmas shopping by myaelf . Not really my thing .
Thank Me for your problems . As soon as your mind gets snagged on a difficulty , bring it to Me with thanksgiving . -
"" So whatever you wish that others would do to you , do also to them , for this is the Law and the Prophets .
Bless the Lord , O my soul , and all that is within me , bless his holy name ! Bless the Lord , O my soul , and forget not
You are my God , and I will give you thanks ; you are my God , and I will exalt you . Psalm 118:28
10 Creative Uses of the New Facebook Profile [PICS] via
the calm before the storm in Harford county
If you're watching sleepyhollow join me & amp ; 845 other fans on tvtag
Jon Stewart Made a Brilliant Point About Caitlyn Jenner That Nobody's Talking About by via
Bring the kids for a great time and start Halloween with us !
Delivery Driver - ( Hamilton , Ohio , United States )
FitMeFoundation I haven't tried the fit me foundation , but I love Maybelline products
my son ate them before I could remember to growingboy preteen treatvoxbox makeityours
. @MusicChoice + are giving you a shot to direct your music vid for Victorious ! htt
SuperMomVoxBox DollopofDaisy wraps are awesome !
Papa Roach ( @paparoach ): New Album update : Update 3 hardrock
WIN the ultimate BacktoSchool kit with our new competition ! Enter here > >
So glad I was able to binge watch now I'm ready for season 4 FindLiz
She could have let him die , I hope Liz made the right choice . TheBlacklist FindLiz
Great Contest via for a signed copy of the new Anita Blake novel Crimson Death by
I use the Neutrogena rapid wrinkle repair at night after I wash my face , and it leaves my ...
The latest The Wallace M Tucker Daily ! Thanks to cannabi
Omg ! Julian just called it the philosopher's stone .... is this a Harry Potter crossover ? WinterFinale
Make sure you tweet BellLetsTalk today ! Every tweet and retweet donates 5 to Canadian mental health initiatives B
Courts strike down Trump's racist Muslim Ban . SMITE ! Cue his Twitter meltdown in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ...
that's one sexy goatee VUDUviewingparty
The trending product that I will be trying out in 72 hours is The Hair Mother Cellar Silky Hair Argan Ampule
I voted in Round 2 of Marshmallow Madness ! Who will you pick ? luckycharms
The trending product that I will be trying out in 72 hours is Petaluma
Yay ! ad SnuggleScentables gives laundry long lasting freshness ! Available in stores now ! TeamSnuggle
The city council of Lakeville MN : Save Mikdolittles Fox Rescue - Sign the Petition ! via
The trending product that I will be trying out in 72 hours is PureHeal's Callus Sheet Mask ( 5ea )
The trending product that I will be trying out in 72 hours is Chuu BEIGE CHUU WATER BASE
The trending product that I will be trying out in 72 hours is Bueno MEDITECH Pure Moonlight Rose Floral Cleanser
It works ! I'm saying , "" what tough cramps ? "" with the PowerfulRelief of Advil Menstrual Pain ! Save $ 2 ! freesamp
The trending product that I will be trying out in 72 hours is
ive only thrown up in inappropriate places thrice and this was one of them sorry elise's front yard
1 for 2 on school days this semester without a sk8r boy yelling at me by name
Does the band jawbreaker reunion have the change their name now
webmd what does it mean if nicotine makes me TIRED
Me when i find working links to stream hbo shows
should i just go try to sneak into japanese breakfast or like . what
yall what is a laundry spouse
hey ding dongs spread this far and wide i can only network so far from my perch in the brambles
ok but how sick would it be to have alternating theremin and saxophone in our band
i keep hearing snippets of conversation at work that i'm not supposed to n i feel ... powerful
Tonight / / Caldwell Lounge / / 7-9 pm
i agree but also i used to date this guy who would Literally capitalize Words like so and i think that's worse tbh
wil someone please please please tell me whats so terribly wrong with me i really need to know
this tequila making my heart beat out me chest
i need them by december 8th and im completely serious
at sheetz just saw a dude buy dip and chocolate milk
My cousin eating an egg on skype
oh hey can anyone drive me to the airport friday morning ...
my horrible week was jjst made so much better
you go under that sage name and I'll go under the stage name Ron Jeremy
HTGS Level 1 certification is almost half over
! / * ' ' *
~ ~ ~ ~ ! ~ ...
! ! ( / ' 0 ' ! .. ...
... ..... / / / /
Breathe Me I'm in here . I'm in Here .... 88
what can I say ? I'm breakin all da rulez 2nite
Felt so gooood to sleep in my own bed
Don't they mean "" Give up your life and spend all your time on Tumblr "" ?
lmaolmao omfg I can't stop laughing . People are looking at me weird
when are we gettin new music ? I'm gettin antsy
"" Love is like a fart ; if you have to force it , it's probably shit "" lololol
Need to get my shit together
Equality , something that has never been and will never be .
Someone out there loves you . Don't drink and drive tonight , guys
And I kiss with tongue ps
"" God I'm so ugly "" * posts 20 selfies *
Can't keep up with college dude games . Honestly . I h8 every single one of them
Turker ga hear I come
Early morning on my way to sc . Got about 2 hours infront of me
let me know when and I will . I miss yall
Anybody wanna do something tonight
nobody is cooler than you . See you Thursday for coffee
Feels great to be back in the atl but still missing new Mexico's dry air . It was great .
Eating a local special St Louis style pizza and some toasted ravioli with
234 am blown tire on the trailer .... time to fix it
me too such a great guy
paypal store on your website . Really easy to set up . Let me know if you have any questions
Thanks so much TK . Lunch soon .
my do the same thing . I can't afford to keep buying them
Waiting is not wasting when we are waiting on the Lord . God is always working while we wait .
About to hit up the apple store at north point I might be crazy but I need parts .....
Just did a nice edit to my OS and it speed it up quite a bit .......
Had a great breakfast at the hotel this morning in walla walla
New post : Day 5 & 6 : The Weekend
its pretty solid so far bro
yes let me know . Money is tight for me since I'm going threw chemo but I would love too
Fun night with my dad ruths chris steakhouse .
We are looking into some reported issues with ProPresenter 4 and Lion . Again , we recommend not upgrading . We will keep ...
need a audio guy on a wednesday and a sunday coming up let me know if you want it
sweet . I had someone beat you to it last night but I know I will have more working coming up . Thanks for the quick reply
first time few hours after that 2-5 min depending how often you do it
I agree . There just weird
I assume Tim is home let me know if y'all need something
so nobody showed up today stayedhomewaiting
So easy to look at so hard to define .. xo
I want the kind of thing that money just can't buy .. xo
Born On A Train The Magnetic Fields NowPlaying
NowPlaying "" Only In Dreams "" by Weezer from Weezer ( Deluxe Edition )
NowPlaying Life Boat by Ani Difranco
NowPlaying Love You So by The King Khan & amp ; BBQ Show
Consistently freezing maine frozen vintagefur friends
NowPlaying You Know What I Mean by Cults
Does He Love You ? - Rilo Kiley via
Life's got me like stopbeingvulgar summertimesadness summertimemadness starland savannah
18 yr old in Scranton fighting cancer , trying to get him love . from u or anyone u know . keepfightinggary
Tomorrow is #NPWD16 , with @MrHatfield4vs @Missile_Assault , LIVE from Reading , PA : https://t.co / eRM 6htqL3T
See glowing testimonials from some of worlds best wrestlers about the Wrestle Factory !
I'll have KeepingThePeace shirts with me today Evilways Event .
TOMORROW ! invades North Carolina with 2 shows !
This Saturday ! . @MadjaiAmasis vs & amp ; vs ScratchingPost
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Bounty Hunters box from Smuggler's Bounty !
. @N_R_G_tagteam & amp ; battle & amp ; in Manchester , England on May 27th !
Worlds with adventure , danger , and the unknown are waiting to be discovered . EAPlay E32016
Dive into vs Man from 2016 ! The complete match :
First match vs Buck CGYT
You better believe is dabbing a MILLION times in his head after advancing to the Finals ! CWC
It's FreeMatchMonday ! Today , is showing the much-discussed match between yours truly & amp ; h
Read up on the Mass Effect : Andromeda gameplay reveal :
Want a sample of training at the Sign up for our next FREE workshop here : https://t.co / Bwo 8CQ2XxN
Need a shirt design or promo art ? Hire me !
Just signed for Orlando & amp ; BadWolf - vs to meet for the first time , ever !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a Exclusive WonderWoman Pop !
Wrestlers and Fans click this link :
Ring Announcers ! ! ! This is your chance . 8/ 12 FANdemonium seminar with ! !
Follow WOH Star Sumie Sakai's new twitter !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an SDCC exclusive flocked Tigger Pop !
I froze Han because he didn't say I love you back to my daughter
So it is the first time ever fans can sit in on a seminar ... You help pick the card that night too ! No big deal right ? 8/
Check out vs Eric Silva
We felt like 9/9 LitS was missing something ... So Excellence added , now this event will be Amazing !
10/14 SFAM returns ! FridayFeeling
& amp ; follow for your chance to WIN a NYCC Exclusive Sleestak Pop !
12/9 SixOclock we have two more 1st round match ups ... who moves on and wins the title ?
MyFace ... can't feel you
Happy 420 go check out the akronsfinest page on youtube ! !
At The Devil Inside ! swag blangdadangdang
reunion soon ... lost all contacts so text me ... we gotta go hard soon ... sidenote i saw fucking omar the other day ... #weird
1ThingAboutMySelf I love cats and they will rule the world one day
I will get one soon !
If your living room table has "" mashed potatoes "" on it ... YourProbablyTrap
You look so peaceful right now sleep tight baby Your BEAUTIFUL im the happiest man alive MushyTweet MyBoo ProudlyWhipped
What's a "" transvaginal mesh implant "" ha if you have one ... you may be eligible for compensation
Just saw the most racist commercial about the election yet ... HeGaveUsAPhone
I think it was 320 rushing yards lol ... straight killed it
Sooo I'm tryna go to this John Mayer concert but need a ticket soooo if you got one ... let me snag that off ya right quick
Walked in , "" ill Libby alert ill Libby alert ! "" Shout out to my Libby Puppy for being so ill 24/7 swag
Why does Cherry Dr Pepper exist ? your telling me out of the 23 flavors in your soda ... Cherry is not one of them ? I call bullshit ...
I hear there's a round two ... Imma fuck shit up ! Respectfully of course ... with a hint of rachet and a sprinkle of sloppy
I'm a sucka for love ... You're a sucka for dick
Yesterday was Friday the 13th ... Makes sense
Ahhh right on schedule--about an hour or two after I wake up
Well told me "" just because there is a goalie doesn't mean you can't score ""
Jimmy Buffett bout to be a blast ! Rain or shine I'm still gonna be fine
Me : did I hit you ? Harrison : YA YOU SKINNED MY WIENER !
"" And she do that dance for me I don't even have to touch her I just sit there and I watch her watch her bend in different structures "" - Will
fingers crossed ...... ps WU TANG
"" I don't need anything to get me through the night Except the beat that's in my heart Yeah , it's keeping me alive ""
Is there a meeting you guys attend or something ? Because if you could do me a solid & call this asshole off , it would help me out .
CKG has enlisted the help of someone else to murder me . Starting to miss having a friend of my own . Pillow fights , fingers down throats ...
I wish I could go to sleep I'm so over this day
I have an addiction with listening to old songs I used to be in love with
Half the girls guys obsess over are gonna be in high school until they're 20
JONATHON TOLD ME HIS FUTURE PLANS ARE TO BECOME A GAY PORN STAR
If I had a car I'd be out right now
was walking behind me n didn't say nothing ! (:
Everything about you is perfect to me .
Twitter's always dry during school I guess people actually do their work haha hell yeah
100ThingsThatMakeMeHappy people with a good sense of humor
I'm a beast I can't help it
who am I talking to ? Me and Jansen aren't talking get the fuck out of my business
Why are you doing this to me ?
literally think about that all the time
My mouth just got fucking attacked
I'm not treating him any type of way , I just need space
Really wanna go skating Friday to do the Harlem Shake
sometimes I just wanna get away for awhile .
"" @Blunt_Brunette_ : your journey will be much lighter & amp ; easier if you don't carry your past with you . ""
I wish I could paint my room
No new niggas , nigga we don't feel that .
Love love dubstep is my favorite just now ! :-)
here in northern Utah too ;-)
love some Edgar , course it has to be a dark and stormy night ... :)
Jackie wanted everyone healthy at any cost . She may have come on a bit strong , but she meant well . marriedtomedicine
Lol , Cookie and those hoe jokes . empire
So , two months ago they wouldn't film with them , now they're on this panel with them ? Ok Mona , with the publicity stunt . lhhh
Why are Porsha and Marlo the only ones that don't understand how to support friends with a purchase ? Smh RHOA
Black woman to ask man in a garage at night if he needs help ? Not culturally accurate ! HTGAWM
Her , Jay-z , Kanye , Nicki , they'll all attend the MTV awards willingly but will only show up to this one if they're being honored
Lol ! ! ! Ignorant , yes . Thug , no .
RHOA well , after 10 episodes of Kim , I welcome Nene
Dan cares about the basketball team more than his own daughter AmericanCrime
Gizelle is a mess , lol . I would've fallen out too . Karen read every follicle on Ashely's head rhop
The opening was lit but I can't with the foolishness afterward . Anthony Hamilton is better than this . BETAwards
They hit us with another creepy foreshadow on the season premier ? ? ? ? HTGAWM
Honestly Wes and Laurel is still the WORST plot development in history HTGAWM
Now y'all , we rarely hear of Phaedra winning cases , so I don't believe she set this meeting up . He's just messy . RHOA
Classic BBD on ' Fresh Prince ' . "" I was tryna be in the video "" NewEditionBET
Frank needs a fresh shave . But this scene made my night HTGAWM
Find a man that loves you more than you love him maggiesmom GreysAnatomy
This celebratory atmosphere over stripping health care from the sick is one of the most obscene political spectacles I've wi
WHAT PICTURE ? ? ? ? RHOP
Something tells me it's writing deficiencies . They've had
The best thing about Insecure is that everyone is equally terrible , but we all find reasons to justify it . Such . Is . Life .
At this point , I think I'm TeamDaniel ... Lawrence not assertive enough in life or love insecurehbo
People form a human chain to save an elderly man whose car is trapped in flood waters caused by Storm Harvey
He's already made dark skinned women out to be the butt of his jokes in his "" comed
Listen ... @amirahvann is BEAT in this episode ! YAAAASSSS STINE ! ! HTGAWM
I love that Cyrus has a sugar daddy . He deserves to be told he's pretty and go get you something nice . Yas ! Scandal
Dr . Jackie wanted a child and her husband didnt want one . But now yall mad she shifted her focus from baby to work ? !
This whole time I thoughtsomeone important died it turns out it was just Simon HTGAWM
2018 Grammy Predictions , Ma $ e vs Cam'ron & amp ; More / LIVE THE BIZ MUSIC POD ... via
I agree . Justin had a natural affinity to look comfortable while getting the job done , almost
Remember , friends : if somebody says they'll call you back , be sure to ask if they mean "" today "" , or "" in the next few day
DOOO IT . It never hurts to think about design or analyse things
I like independently gay brothers myself . Seems like a good compromise
So they only hire attractive 20 - something guys at geek squad ? Not that I mind . ...
Today I am replacing sleep with junk food . healthyliving
"" STOP MESSING UP EVERYTHING ""
Hannah and I are analyzing their sound and lyrics . Conclusion - love the passion please lose the screaming . Cleans is gooood
and then write about it ! It would be awesome . Except be all naval gazey like those dramatic road trip novels
some targets have small bottles - the one in columbia doesn't ( I checked ) . I recently bought some from a witchy store in -
It's a good day to drive with the windows open and listen to Cake
A wall of pocket pussies fell on me today and a customer came over to make sure I was okay . Then he started laughing - I was covered in pussy
I nominate her for Worlds Straightest
Once again is putting together something while I moping on the bed about how badly I fucked it up . I JUST
After thirty minutes of awful tunes , I think kidz bop "" bring me back to life "" is the worst
Honestly that is the best present
My eye twitching is almost always stress for the record . Try to take care of yourself this weekend , if you can
You do so we can trade head canons about it
I really like the flow of your lines , it's just so neat to look at . Particularly in ink ?
Could this not just be the slogan for like ... A decade at least . It's a good slogan . Also have you se
I dont know how much pizza bros and i ate at the buffet but we emptied the cheese shaker
Really thrilled that Deion made HOF - not so thrilled they kept replaying my INT to him on MNF as a featured highligh ...
what do you mean ?
Dear whoever decides when breakfast is over at McDonald's , FUCK YOU .
glad you got that minute in to talk about the aussie open on the radio
fishing and football newportbeach balboapier
Gutted that Giggs is done . Incredible skill , touch and vision . Ecstatic that he stays with thankyou gloryglorymanutd
4 stooges missing that cross
ThingMoreLikelyThanBrazilWinningTheWorldCup GER getting a sixth goal
Robbie a Keane just scored a goal so good Bruce Arena bowed
cernation watch face . is a ( basket ) baller , she has the most entertaining Snapchat , and
Being out of my comfort zone is exciting . My whiteboard hasn't seen this must action since ochem .
This assault by UnitedAirlines and the Police is going to cost a lot more tha
last song should be American Pie by Don Mclean
Wish I coulda been there ! Rock on !
Corporate people call me "" dynamic . "" executivecoaching
Great , that was a huge miss . Dammit Bertolt ... you idiot . AttackOnTitanJuniorHigh
"" Yeah Tomoya ! This is how ya get down with that Thriller choreography ! ""
The Fancies Nominees : Best Voice Acting Performance
I did . Thank you !
Es ist zwar aussichtslos , aber ich pldiere auf Hitzefrei .
Die MySQL Datenbank mag mich gerade auch nicht mehr . Mir langt's ich geh laufen !
Jep , werde am Start sein . b2run
- Dende hat das Haus gerockt ! Mit Vokuhila und Jeansweste . fb
Heute fllt die Wahl auf : Burger King | KFC | > McDonald's < | Subway fastfoodfriday
Schwarz / Gelb wirds . Piraten 2 % .
Irgendwie sieht man nicht mehr so viele Poken-Trger . Schade eigentlich . bcmuc 09
Ich glaube das im McDonald's gerade eben war der Hackl Schorsch .
Ziehharmonika-Mann in der Fugngerunterfhrung spielt "" Jingle Bells "" . Kommt trotzdem keine Weihnachtsstimmung auf . xmas
Neuer Musik-Tipp : Norwegian Recycling No Taylor , No Scar ( via Last.fm )
Ich habe zumindest eins rumliegen sehen . nexusone
Dieser Korb voll Wsche war teuer - 79 ! schluesseldienst
- Shopping-Bash Lite . Es lebe der Konsum .
Frau im Bus lacht sich ohne ersichtlichen Grund kaputt . Steckt irgendwie an . lol
Bin wach - zumindest krperlich .
I love my job ! wm2010
Hamburg is calling . ( @ Instant Sleep Backpacker Hostel )
Starte Aktion "" Hong Kong Fotobuch "" .
So , jetzt bin ich voll . 24 Termine - nichts geht mehr . dmexco
Wenn ich jedes Mal 1 bekommen wrde wenn das Telefon klingelt ... millionaer
Verwarnung abgelaufener Personalausweis : 10,00 , neuer Personalausweis : 28,80 , vorlufiger Reisepass : 10,00 , neuer Reisepass : 59,00 . fb
Dass der Boardcomputer "" Getriebe Fehler , Werkstatt aufsuchen "" anzeigt , scheint dem Busfahrer wohl nicht viel auszumachen . Gut so , will heim !
Kurz davor den "" Keine-Kohlenhydrate-am-Abend-Mist "" ber Bord zu werfen .
I just ousted Stefan T . as the mayor of Sausalitos on
Auf die Durchsage , dass im Zug gekhlte Getrnke angeboten werden , folgt eine weitere die auf die defekten Toiletten hinweist . db fb
Du hast ein tumblr Blog ? ;)
Go Giants ! superbowlXLVI fb
Ich bin noch eingeloggt , traue mich aber nicht auszuloggen :) .
Was ist denn bitte das fr ein beknacktes Foto ? Xavas
Wer ist dieser Gtze ? lewandowski fb
Picnic lunch on the lake with my better half
When I retweet myself .
Trump is torn apart because he's unfit for the presidency . He has done things that
A5 : Please remember that most attempt survivors go on to live satisfying , healthy lives . StopSuicide
... nope , try again
America is the greatest country in the world . I think we should have the greatest healthcare in the world . That is putti
except it's not .. the kneeling is not disrespectful . the systematic racism they're protesti
Nigga whos we ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
"" How do you cope with the stress of being a student ? ""
Im straight and I typically start decorating in early September . I aint no amateur
What was that , about ATHLETES disrespecting our fallen service members ? Keep your goddamned mouth shu
SKELETONS AREN'T SCARY WE'RE FILLED WITH THIS PULSING , OOZING , MEAT AND Y'ALL THINK THE SKELETONS ARE SCARY THE MEAT '
Wow . Its almost like he didnt even open your article . If Im remembering correctly , the VERY FIRST
Simple question : Why the hell are we talking about Hillary Clinton ?
Yeah , thats a really intelli
Response after car in NYC kills 8: EXTREME VETTING END DIVERSITY VISA PROGRAM Response after gun in TX kills 20 : THOUGHTS
Basically , Chelsea , youre ignorant .
Oops ! They did it again . Woof
Understand that Im doing the best I can . Be patient . My best might not be the same as other peoples best , but tha
How my professors run office hours
Just a reminder that as the holiday season approaches , peoples mental illness still exists . Mental illness doesnt take
i think about this so much
when you agreed to go out and the time to go out is getting closer
So what they say about wine is true . I had three glasses because I had to rehearse a presentation and I was anxious
do you know how scary it is to acknowledge how strong your feelings are for someone and your brain is like maybe you love t
hows your mental health ?
I always cut people off WaysImLikeMyCar
Who proudly said he would serve hand in hand with Roy Moore and is now up for re-election in 2018 ?
And now that you don't have to be perfect , you can be good . John Steinbeck
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in A Quote Everyday .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Bible Inspiration .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily History w / mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Amazing Science News .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in A Quote Everyday .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in An Idiom Everyday .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily History w / mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Bible Inspiration .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily History w / mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Medical Terms .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Shower Thoughts with mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily Holidays .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Our Best mPoints Apps .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily Uplift .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Football .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in for Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily History w / mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Shower Thoughts with mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in for Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in A Quote Everyday .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Shower Thoughts with mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Medical Terms .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in for Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in An Idiom Everyday .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Medical Terms .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Physical Therapy .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily History w / mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily History w / mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Amazing Science News .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Learn n Earn - Insurance Terms .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily Uplift .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Accounting Vocab .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
Nascar : Kenseth ready to wrap up his celebratory week : Spotter Mike Calinoff is enjoying his reunion with ..
Sabres : FLU BUG BITES SABRES : The flu bug is still plaguing the Buffalo Sabres this week . Maxim Afinogeno ..
Sabres : GAMENIGHT : SABRES AT THRASHERS : Ryan Miller's return is already paying dividends for the Buffalo ..
Sabres : SABRES CLASSIC CLIP OF THE WEEK : In this week's Classic Clip , Sabres.com takes a look back at the ..
Nascar : Long suspended 12 races for rules violations at LMS : NASCAR has issued penalties , suspensions and ..
Nascar : Stewart conserves fuel for first points win in own car : Tony Stewart has won his first Cup points ..
Lets go US - Lets go Brazil ! ussoccer
Nascar : Team owners shy away from ' marked ' Mayfield : Two team owners won't put Jeremy Mayfield in their c ..
Nascar : Mayfield asks judge to uphold recent injunction : Read full story for latest details .
Nascar : Edwards defends winless season as races tick away : Carl Edwards admitted Friday at Michigan Inter ..
glad I found the teamdenny hashtag .
Im trying to forget , but its all i think about .
Detention ... out of any other day .. and she thinks ima go . Ha !
.. Sabes a Chocolate .... Cho-Co-La-Te .. es lo que yo quiero ..
Words can hurt others , but sometimes , silence hurts even more than words .
U know what i miss ? . Louisiana .. i need to go . it feels like forever since i have last gone .
"" @DamnRealPosts : Literally me .
samee .. but just yeaa .. like im thankful I have u too ..
This whole 30 minutes of sleep is not going to work for me ..
"" @RELATlONSHlP : Do you ever just look at your boyfriend and think "" oh my god I'm the luckiest girl ever "" "" All the time ..
my favorite activity is pretending that i can sing
My attitude is based on how you treat me .
Don't forget class officer voting is on Friday during lunch ! ! sophia 4president
If you don't have confidence you're a dead soul
Realizing how old i am because all my pets are having kids .. GrandmotherOnceMore
Ordering from Starbucks be like
DO NOT SUGAR COAT STUFF FOR ME JUST TELL ME WHATS UP I'M NOT FIVE
It feels so nice to finally have your shit together for once :-)
I'm sorry but being petty is so fucking funny
I can't wait for that interview after tvd is over where Julie and Kevin talk about when they chose the Delena endgame and why
She was like , oh my God , this is my song , I've been listenin ' to the radio all night long . LukeBryan
i shouldn't be laughing this hard
I NEED THIS IN A LARGE PLS
everyone look at how beautiful my girlfriend is
This is important please SPEAK UP on these issues . Please . Don't ignore this just because it's not happening to you . De
this is one of my favorite christmas videos
I must stop for now and I've said that before and at the point the women walk out the door .
a longing for belonging , above all else
los 43 ya estn muertos , q mas puede hacer ?
tendrn prueba de sonido en tepic ?
y que no robe tuits
que yo sepa hay transporte gratis no ? O quieren q los recogan en sus casas ?
should I get a chair and wait for it to happen ?
me pregunto como nos llamaran si ni me pidieron datos , solo q "" revisaran mi caso ""
una cosa es que se parezcan y otra que sea copia , y Pepe TRADUJO la cancin literal
Mystico ? 211 aos de edad ? Double check my Friend !
terminen la primaria primero ...
y no es el precio del chip es la mafufada de "" te lo enviamos pero estafeta no te encontr ""
mi estimado , tengo una salida al defectuoso , tu q casi vives all , sabes si Uber recoge en el aeropuerto ?
Oye hblale a Sergio Sendel pa hacer el remake de 2 Mujeres 1 Camino
So had to create an award to give to and apparently he wrote the introduction ....
TheWalkingDead wolves or Gabriel ?
me podras proporcionar un mail de contacto ?
dile a que no se raje como el cobarde de . Tengan palabra seores !
chumi habr manera que te pases unos dlares pa ca ? ? infraiber 4ever
deberan de reportarlo por hacerla al grafitero
felicidades 2 de 3 hijos talentosos .
nomas no vayas a los Hstels
Oye y si en vez d poner ? tuits alentadores , no apoyas econmicamente a los deportistas para que no salgan con parches en su uniforme
oye dice mango que chingues a tu madre ...
por favor chequen el mensaje que les mande en sus Facebooks
De que me perd ?
Antes que te indignaras porquente dijeron "" prieto "" ?
really looking for a bike - must buy something cheap and cheerful soon ...
Playing 140Blood , cool new game on Twitter
- Rare sunny winter day - tree in Shoreditch park
Daddy donkey in leather lane - perhaps the best mexican in london
Leaving on holiday today ; I'm so excited to be leaving the cold behind ! Flip flops and shorts here I come !
Via 11 iOS Rumors That Just Won't Die
Gizmodo talks up expected Apple Assistant launch . AI going mainstream ? Is this why we'll buy the iPhone 5 ? ! !
Flipboard Re-engineers Itself for the iPhone
Samsung Makes the New iPad's Screen Because No One Else Could
A spot of bother - Who owns your files on Google Drive ? - CNET
well , turns out you were right . I think this could compete with the iPad . Microsoft tablet surface
4 Grocery List Apps That Make Shopping , Syncing Lists Simple
Fake William Gibson Twitter Feed Sounds like the wispy early tendrils of a largly invisable wintermute plot ... http://t.co / gLmqVAhK
Sony will turn iOS and Android devices into PS4 second screens with upcoming ' PlayStation App '
I so want to see pacificrim trailer looks bloody mad amazing !
OnlyinEngland Fox spotted queuing for cash in Lewisham :
Luke learns that Disney owns Star Wars
Waters out in our flat in N1 , Halton road . Is there an ETA for a fix please ?
I can stare at vince vaughns mouth all day
Free pie wednesday ocharleys oyes dessert not so paleo today
God knew thered be unfair situations . Thats why Hes already arranged a comeback for every setback .
Sometimes God takes away something you never expected losing , but he WILL replace it with something you never imagined you c
WE ARE HEADING TO GAME 3 ! ! ! ! Coastal Carolina ties up the CWS Finals with a 5-4 victory over Arizona !
I'm al for women empowerment , but Golden should not win this time . forreal XGames
Breaking : Miss New York has been crowned Miss America 2014 ( via
So ran into photographer in NYC today and got totally star struck . amazing bestday
I have a real job . So I'd say life is pretty rad . U ?
Metallica looks like Sting , but you can see the heavy metal in their eyes Grammys 2014
Happy Independence Day to all my Dominicans ! you know I love me some of y'all
On the blog : New Possibilities for Real-Time Marketing by Percolate's
K Cool . Just traded my first born for a OnTheRunTour concert ticket . NBD .
lifelessonswithmollydies funfact quote quotes motivation
* Watching The Goonies * "" How did he make it through the water with his lamp still lit ? "" "" Idk dad . How has Clint Eastwood not been shot yet ? ""
Did some money management and can rest a little easier relaxing 365daysofhappy
No shots , respect your elders . I bet that guy has some amazing stories .
Two 20 - somethings rocking out on electric cellos . Playing Nirvana Not a joke ! via
Want to be a great leader ? Hire people who argue with you .
Retweet to ask to filibuster FastTrack for TPP ! We need debate !
They should have renamed the VMAs the WTF's cause I don't know what the hell is going on
FACTS Repost And you thought you'd have to wait till Dec 18th for the new
the thicker your thighs are the more kittens can lay on your lap
Went on Buzzfeed and took the quiz "" Which Reality TV Show Should You Be On Based On Your Zodiac ? "" and I got Rupaul's Drag Race . PERFECT
Hackers have stolen bitcoins worth about $ 65 million
VIDEO : Obama says the nation will never forget 9/11 .
"" Clean coal "" remains a fantasy , not a way to save miners ' jobs . via
"" Let's speculate wildly ! "" joancallamezzo ParksAndRec
Love this please tag the artist if you know them !
How will we make it on our own ? MaryTylerMoore
Graduated college FOUR years ago today .
How to protect yourself during a mass shooting
Mani / Pedi ( @ Ritz Nails & Spa )
oh and I shared the TEDx with last night and he said he didn't care
30 Rock rerun is on and made an Kim Jong-il obituary joke . Too Soon ? irony
Ah , it's the weekend . I need a nap .
And we BOTH slept with the director .
Pretty sure grad school broke the "" Words With Friends "" part of my brain .
I'm at The Snug ( New York , NY ) w / 3 others
thanks ! All good so far !
Jennifer Lawrence is also awesome . GoldenGlobes
Ladies : Anne Hathaway is a feminist and she has amazing teeth . Let's save our bad attitudes for the ones who aren't adva ...
New post : "" Loyalty , Actually "" - how audience development is like a rom-com auddev nampc 2amt
I'm really tired of seeing the Anthony Weiner commercials . JustStop
Is stage managing ? ! HitList SmashAt 54
I just turned my closet into cash , and earned $ 17.00 with makeitrain
Another rough day hanging with hot guys ! They're the amazing actors of MarvelUniverseLive ! New
Catching up on AmericasNextTopModel version 2.1
Michael Keaton deserved this . Loved Birdman ! GoldebGlobes
Unlock a new Avengers trailer ! AvengersAssemble
Ok , so onto the weekend Season 3OITNB Season 3OITNB Season 3OITNB
I then had to go "" favorite "" all your Hamilton posts YayHamlet
Mulder calls Scully ' Hey Scully I can't talk I gotta go ' Mulder hangs up on Scully Me : XFiles
Hey All , next week is my last week at Marvel :( but new adventure coming soon !
Guys ! ! ! "" Stephen Colbert "" has returned ! Along with TheWord !
we worry about kardasians , bragelinas , all the wrong shit . distracted by the flashy things . we have much bigger issues peopl
It's been almost a week of ArbonneDetox ! glutenfree dairyfree nobooze nosugar nocoffee howamidoingthis
Chris Evans will be doing Broadway next year ! CaptainAmerica
Type A all the way !
DNC : Franken should resign RNC : were all in on Roy Moore
It took ISIS longer to take credit than Donald Trump .
WE IN IT NOW BOYZ
THAT DBS EPISODE ENDING OH MY GOD VEGITO IS BACK
eating at a ramen shop
my mom : did you see that lady in the bikini with her butt all out ? me : yeah , she had the cakes mom :
I CAN'T BELIEVE WE'RE GOING TO LOSE THIS MASTERPIECE
Best Twitter exchange of 2017 .
Hey guys let's copy Advance Wars and Yggdra Union , no one will ever know if we combine them
This game has two players
Got this from a single one though . Some comb
Happy WorldPenguinDay , dood ! ( I love penguins . This is my day ... ) Retweet if you love penguins ! ! ! !
I feel like I forgot how to fall asleep
before 5:30 PM PDT for a chance on winning Toukiden 2 for PS4 , PS Vita or PC ! 2 winners will be selected ! KTfamily Be
Never mind . Tastes better the more you drink
Tfw you turn on your cars ac and you get blasted by air hotter than it is outside
This is how a final boss would approach you in a New York based RPG
the bakery thinks they're slick trying to appropriate elementary school culture
LOVING the new writers for Suite Life of Zach and Cody
Why is it so hard to find a girl to just chill with ? Not looking to date or anything . I just wanna hang out with people
Ayyy unboxed a $ 20 skin
With the BOTW vs ODYSSEY debates going on today I want to remind everyone that Splatoon was fucking trash & amp ; to never trust Nin
I am thankful for finding a new job that has great promotion opportunities sweepstakes
Jumping on the horrible Zootopia bandwagon
El gran resultado de esta noche encamina la eliminatoria . Contento por el buen trabajo del equipo y por los goles .
El problema no es el comunismo , sino los pueblos ignorantes hambrientos de populismo susceptibles al engao .
9:50 AM GNB con manoplas arremete en Alta Vista
Esto sucedi hoy en Maracaibo en la marcha hacia la Av . La Limpia . Venezuela unida .
NO HABRN EVALUATIVOS EN LA ESCUELA DE MEDICINA DURANTE ESTOS DIAS . SE LE COMUNIC LA DECISION A TODOS LOS PROFESORES . TRA
Herido de bala llega a la Clnica Guerra Mndez en Valencia ( va 18F
Que sentir un Guardia Nacional antes de dormir , al saber que Mat a un venezolano por la espalda ?
Por estar diciendo la verdad CNN lo van a sacar hijos de puta !
Ya el LOCO este que dijo q GANARON LIMPIAMENTE deberian quitarlo de la transmision .
Miren como la policia de Trujillo agredio a nuestro compaero estudiante en Valera
4 . - No escuch nunca a Vielma Mora hablar de manifestantes con armas de fuego . Eso desmonta la tesis de Maduro de los suceso
A esta hora el Padre Carlos Camacho fue liberado en Ciudad Ojeda . La presin de los estudiantes lo logr , pero hay 40 e
TUIT DE Para el archivo de La Haya ! ! Ya lo borr ! ! Pero aqu est ! !
Diosdado mostr una FOTO en VTV y era FALSA , Izarra tuiteo una FOTO y era FALSA y Nicols en cadena ofreci PAZ y tambin era
En febrero ingresaron 394 cadveres a la morgue de Bello Monte
Las acciones precipitadas y desatinadas de Maduro aceleran su salida y la rebelin civil desde hace unas horas se torn
No slo se tortura para lograr una confesin . Tambin por sadismo , placer oscuro , venganza , resentimiento .
Gochos y Venezuela toda los leo , los veo RT
Hoy en el Camp Nou somos : 85.957 espectadores FCBlive
Nicols implantar un sistema de racionamiento de comida en Venezuela . En Cuba se conoce como "" la libreta ""
Leopoldo Lpez a Maduro : renuncia para salvar a Venezuela
Un medico Cubano aca en Venezuela solo Gana 3000 Bs Mensual . Estan tan acostumbrados al conformismo q me dijo q eso le
Que unidad puede haber con quienes se estn prestando para alargarle la vida a un gobierno criminal ?
Me lo mama Ramn Muchacho , adems de todos los de Primero Justicia y la Unidad completa . Slo Leopoldo Lpez y MCM estn luchando !
Creo profundamente en el dialogo , pero en un dialogo de pie , no de rodillas . Tenemos 15 aos sabiendo como dialoga la di
Felicidades al Madrid , pero el Bara esta herido desde hace rato
"" Vzla saldr vacunada contra el caudillismo y totalitarismo , y recuperar el protagonismo q tuvo en su historia "" M . Vargas
Da la vuelta al mundo y que nos hace orgullosos de ser vzolanos ! No hay represin q detenga ntra decisin a luchar
Esta vaina es brujera colombiana .
i have lived in toronto for 32 years . have never seen a day like this . shame on the vandals .
"" Bike cops rock ! "" "" More bikes ! Less oil ! "" "" Who's streets ? Our streets ! "" Critical mass has been reached . G20 ...
Sarah Palin endorses in IN - 02 ! Please RT !
Got the deck off the mower like a champion ... only to be thwarted by a seized up nut on the deck ... CURSES ! fail
Slowed down by an outing already etnaallday 2012
Craigslist : Missed Connections "" You were my WR . I saw you open in the flat . You looked at me , then I threw a ball at y ...
Daniel Craig is awesome Bond .
Is it weird that over the last week one of the blogs that I "" manage "" has had more page views from the Ukraine than the US NotRealTraffic
T-minus 4 hours doctorwho nerdstatus
Breaking : Pope Benedict XVI to resign on February 28 via
Field trip to the Leinie Lodge !
Don't know about everyone else , but sleeping in today felt pretty glorious ! clfl 13 DoAwesome
My WORTH in Christ is not something to be ACHIEVED , it is a VALUE to be RECEIVED . - thank you for that remi
Cannot be driven by "" need , "" we will be overwhelmed . Focus on your network of relationships & amp ; act where you are . inac 13
Keeping up the church & amp ; grounds honors God . It will be worth it to pay someone from the comm to give you an outside view on your facilities .
Laity , ask your pastor how you can pray for them . Creates relationship , empowers your pastor and blesses the whole church .
"" @kayperry486 : "" The world needs more Spice World "" I stand by this .
This is my passion . stuffedcrust
Hey team : No make-up Campus Life tonight ! Find a friend & amp ; go visit a church for some youth group fun ! Let me know if you
1.8 m . Hal wants to know what you got !
Greekfest ... a little lame . Free Starbucks birthday drink ... tots worth it . SoWhiteGirl
Historical fiction humor commercial !
1,000 RTs and you go to prom with me ?
a cheesecake turkey ? now genetically modifying food may have gone too far ... or just far enough !
Or rather , "" hear someone trying to sell you this information . ""
DARK VISIONS Anthology Sneak Peek "" SHOW ME "" by new horror anthology kindle DV1
Glaring errors which interfere with communication can't help but draw one out of the story , I totally agree .
Creative people often want to be outsiders . They want 2 live in chaos 2 maximize the creative tensions between different
Indeed , the app consistently under-reports distance . I have some switchbacks in my usual paths that get cut w / 5min updates .
The "" health care "" bill is a tax cut for the 400 households that literally already own most of America .
We could totally use a religion based on comedy , taking things less seriously and dam it , no killing .
Whoever made this spelled "" Republican "" wrong . That's exactly the R's platform in a nutsh
Why did the nonbinary prospector move West in 1849 ? Because there was gold in them / their hills . Thank you .
Ugh , this is heartbreaking .
But they don't get any worms .
"" Over the course of 2017 , both in Congress and in the executive branch , we have watched the task of government devolve into
lmao i think Justine is super drunk in Vegas right now
gives me tickets for sports night dammit
of course whenever i have a good day someone has to ruin it .
theres a kid at pancheros with a sign that says prom and roses ! that kid is a winner , she better say yes
"" EVERY POTATO SHOULD BE A SWEET POTATO . "" JEROME JARRE
Dunkin is calling my name
anytime alcide is shirtless TrueToTheEnd
i just won tickets for tim mcgraw without even trying to ? lol happy belated bday to me
If anybody wants to be in a commercial come eat in the courtyard
When you find out that you ain't the baby daddy , feat . Jackson Machado .
I'm now a D-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian : Hollywood . Come join me and become famous too by playing on iPhone !
As sad as the news of Robin Williams is , I only hope people will see that mental illness can happen to ANYONE . So don't ju
i would kill Adam if i saw him hand my baby to the hoe of the week .
i hope my future children have isaacs personality . he is so precious .
I am sooooooo happy returned for another season of ! ! !
RIP you fought so hard & amp ; had the most amazing spirit .
don't question it . just retweet .
if you have to post every ten minutes on all social media about how much you don't care you obviously care
officially so over school . I can't even look at these books anymore .
they're a little difficult and I've been doing it since I was 8 lol . they're so cute
I think I just heard you on the radio ! !
L and M donuts in riverside !
Retweet to bless someone's timeline
Check out this video ( Flamingo Las Vegas : Forever Fabulous ) from Flamingo Las Vegas :
Great casino and great program ! Can't wait to have a chance to use some of my rewards !
Join the Total Rewards Social Rewards Loyalty Program ! Earn TR credits towards meals , shows & amp ; rooms !
Definition of word-hoard : person's vocabulary . -
I'm earning rewards in Nexercise for working out - mPOINTS
Come join Paris Social Rewards Loyalty Program ! Earn points towards free rooms & amp ; More .
Scrum : a place or situation of confusion and racket ; hubbub . Sent from my Android App
Im so lucky I get to see the 1 Las Vegas show ! JerseyBoys is going to be so much fun !
Gotta love Philly sports . Laviolette fired . We're now 4 for 4 .
Come join Quad Vegas Social Rewards Loyalty Program ! Earn points towards free rooms & amp ; More .
Holiness means giving ourselves in sacrifice every day . And so married life is a tremendous path to sanctity !
Summer isnt over until YOU decide it is . Extend your summer with up to 33 % off rooms . > >
Finding my Sandity : My thoughts on Sam Bradford trade Eagles FlyEaglesFly
Here's another 1 You might want to remind bishops it's 2015 & amp ; intolerance is sooo 1950 . Thx ! LoveWins
Warm Coca-Cola ? No problem . Watch this video to see how to cool off your Coke in 2 minutes . CoolYourCoke
Earn real life rewards to use in Vegas "" Come join Caesars Palace Social Rewards Loyalty Program ! Earn points tow ... ""
But Tom Brady smashed his phone . How could he have leaked the video ?
Big Girls Don't Cry Tell us your favorite song or known song from JerseyBoys
Let's go back to Vegas please "" Hot Rates ! Rooms from $ 59 The Vegas Hotels You Want . ""
I want to take a trip to Vegasa "" New Year , New Adventure Sales ! Rooms from $ 129
Someone is excited ! On our way ! ! ! NFLDraft flyeaglesfly AT & amp ; T Station
There is no choice . CFBPlayoff must expand to 8 teams . Power 5 champs all get automatic big with 3 at large teams . justmyhumbleopinion
Squandered a stop and paid for it . This is not looking good for us . uncvsmiami
Get creative with your Halloween drinks this year and try out this sparkling black widow cocktail ! GlamCrowd
Im definitely entering because I want to win . cottonellecleancrew sponsored CottonelleKit
Workout in style with fashion tips from Love Olia's blog ! GlamCrowd
This playset is perfect for the little ones , they will love it PLAYSKOOLCREW sponsored
Learn how to contour like the rest of them with these ten steps from makeup maven Sam Schuerman ! GlamCrowd
When I build my time capsule , Ill focus on lots of postcards and pictures ! eBayTeam sponsored
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Weather Channel .
Tell us your "" coffee hack ! "" FolgersFans sponsored
Im on the CraftyPaws Dryer Sheets Box mission with TeamSnuggle Freesample
Totally agree that Tide Pods help me with the daily grind . TideThat ad
This Spring , I plan to wear simple styles like these GlamCrowd sponsored
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Weather Channel .
Tell us whats most rewarding about sharing your pain-free passions with others . fastadvilfanatics sponsored
How do you enjoy the outdoors during the summer ? RicolaCrowd sponsored
I'm sharing a wacky family photo for a chance at FREE prizes . You should , too ! Contest -
Give your kitchen a summer makeover with SunbeltBakerys August prizes ! Contest -
My local LensCrafters is in Saginaw Michigan LensCraftersCrowd sponsored
Tell us a tip for how you like to use AVEENO POSITIVELY RADIANT WIPES . AveenoAdvocates sponsored
Who are you voting for in the upcoming election ? pollmaker
Join the philosophy Twitter Party and you could win some great prizes philosophy philosophycrowd
Tell us how youll be bold in the final month of 2016 . sponsored LISTERINE
I had no idea that a small piece of cheese equals almost 3 burgers for dogs sponsored HillsPetCrowd ad
Yum . Making this tonight for supper frenchscrowd sponsored
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Weather Channel .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Weather Channel .
My White Castle go-to is a Veggie Slider because its a healthier option cravercrew sponsored
Cant wait to try Luxe Lavender scented Secret sponsored StressTest SecretCrowd
So funny that I've gotta try it ad TideThat
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in mPLUS Places .
. Award-winning Snuggle Plus SuperFresh combines Snuggly softness with odor eliminating technology ! Available now !
Ill definitely be trying Curl skincare because it will nourish and moisturize my skin . CurelSkincare sponsored
New Imperative Podcast on the business case for social media with
Another way to use Twitter at work from Dilbert . ( Pretty clever ! )
The Imperative-sponsored FWHRMA 11th Annual Employment Law Update is next week . Make your rsvp today !
I'm at Southwest Orthopedic Associates ( 6311 Southwest Blvd . , Fort Worth ) .
The comp breakfast was 45 minutes late ! ( @ Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Falfurrias )
FBI / Interpol background check fraud
I'm at Garvey-Rosenthall Soccer Stadium ( Bellaire Dr . , TCU , Fort Worth ) .
the Texas Recruiters Network meeting to hear speak . ( @ Prestonwood Country Club )
Looking forward to TNL today .
Newly remodeled ! ( @ Bikram College Of Yoga )
Avoiding Social Networking Land Mines For Employers
Local greasy spoon ... Good stuff ! ( @ Courthouse Cafe )
Legendary barbecue joint . ( @ Iron Works BBQ w / 2 others )
Hop . It was supposed to be Roderick Rules but the boys pulled a change up on me at the last minute .
These poor guys . Internet and phones out since Friday . Cash only . Ouch ! ( @ Fuzzy's Taco Shop )
Oh , screw it . Dessert ! ( @ Cafe Brazil )
Recon 2 ( @ 7th Haven )
Pow ! ( @ Bikram College Of Yoga )
They didn't have my size . ( @ King Ranch Saddle Shop ) [pic] :
Say goodnight , Gracie . Long day . ( @ Imperative Information Group )
Kid at our door in a suit and tie . "" What are you ? "" we asked . Him : "" The 1 percent . ""
5:30 class . Namaste ! ( @ Bikram Yoga Fort Worth )
Representing FWHRMA without a chaperone at the SHRM Texas State Council meeting ( @ Hilton Waco )
3 Million Unfilled Jobs in US Signal Skills Crisis - Businessweek
That what a comfortable pair of boots is supposed to look like !
"" What all recruiters want is the candidate who can get and pass an interview , get hired , and stay in the job . "" ...
OSHA gives union organizers access to workplaces
This is an amazing interactive resume !
fortworth University Park Village prepares for tenants to replace Barnes & amp ; Noble
For the 1st time ever , SHRM chapters raised over $ 1,000 , 000 for the SHRM Foundation last year ! shrmlead
Best Practices for Employer Background Checks via
own rocking the early-morning session at HRSWC ! Practical approaches to government investiga
random things from driving this weekend : some lady in a jeep was apparently trying to leave a trail of strawberry tops along the road .
The first 3 digits of my new il plate are K14 ... looks like kia eh ? it made me giggle
was that you on my voicemaail
where you at in ia ? im at dwaynes
the statue on lost has 4 toes . why ? diabetes . jimmykimmellive
my boss dosnt want me workin with sunglasses on so ... i have a few hours to kill ... any ideas ?
yeah i kinda knew someone was going to do that .... cause its what i thought too
power is out at moms house so huddle house for dinner ! ( @ Huddle House )
mmmmm i miss vi omlettes ( @ Village Inn )
FREAKIN AWESOME ! Going through LOST withdrawal ? Our list of characters with real-life counterparts will bring you back .
WOO ! We have 51 Fans ! So , it's time for the first contest . I'm going to make ya work for it , since the prize is ...
I just ousted Danny R . as the mayor of Denny's on
Almost forgot to check in ! ( @ Denny's )
I'm at Goodrich Kendall 10 for Footloose ( 95 5th Street , Oswego )
I just became the mayor of Me & Dad's Toys on
I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "" Portraits ""
new menu items ! and the two im interested in = deathtorin ( @ Denny's )
I'm at Denny's ( 975 E Dundee Rd . , at Rand Rd . , Palatine )
smokes and a stretch ( @ Commodore Perry Service Plaza ( Eastbound ) )
ok fine ! here i am at larryoke !
interview shopping ( @ Woodfield Mall w / 6 others )
Best mechanic around ( @ Ron's Auto Repair )
I posted 5 photos on Facebook in the album "" Sarah and Mike wedding sampler ""
I just ousted Carlymae S . as the mayor of Denny's on
This is just so very them . :)
look what I just found in a random bookstore ! This has to be quite old !
I posted a new photo to Facebook
I posted 2 photos on Facebook in the album "" Scott and Ben 2015 ""
I joined the Family Fun Photo Contest on ViewBug . photocontest
I joined the African Wildlife Photo Contest on ViewBug . photography
Jean Grey AKA Phoenix ( or Dark Phoenix ) from X-Men
it caused me to name one of my twin boys Lucas ( & amp ; of course we call him Luke for short ! )
maybe keep that window rolled up when you're driving near fucking lions , huh ?
Retweet if you are ready for a new StarWars TheForceAwakens trailer !
Wait , he's NOT Charles Grodin ? I'm done with Star Wars now ...
Ahhhh , my 4 - LOM monument , finally !
that's right ! I remember that now .
umm , shouldn't there be an actual PACK in the store for this ?
Tweet NASCARGearGiveaway OR retweet for a shot at autographed hat ! ! RULES :
how is it possible someone's never eaten a hot dog before ?
SWCT ARTSY FARTSY GIVEAWAY to Enter Winner later-ish
ilovegames wouldyouliketoplayagame metagirlinMCMearlier wegeekedoutforalongtime nowithinkimaystayupwatchingSCV happy
My response to this morning .... "" Dont call me a mindless philosopher , you overweight glob of grease . thuglife
No longer stalks me on the Twitter ..... Now stalks me in real life ..... You seem to be in a progressive state , Jarrod ..
Jac will you be in town Monday ? ! Can I come ? !
I may be short , but I'm spiritually tall .
Live from BWW Memphis . And here we go ..
Just hung out with He's so cool . Liztweets 50Shades
Sometimes I wish I could take Twitter away from people before they hurt themselves
Red's power isn't a curse . The Wolf isn't a monster . And the Dead King has her sister . BATB + Red Riding Hood + Silent
Nigga sends my bro to jail , ill bury you alive ! !
Beach , boat and herb kind of day ..
The void between life and death is what keeps us searching for adventure .
surround yourself with genuine people that care about more than just themselves
Sometimes I think why I drop so many people from my life then I remember and end up dropping even more .. My circle small fam , we networking
All alone - MGK >
Always fight for the things you love .
I won't waste a day ' less I'm wasting my days witchu .
Saddest cartoon moment in history
If she wears a neck choker she a hoe , if she says she isn't .. well .. she's a lying hoe .
Clear skies with all its stars shining .. I love nights like these .
Lmao you telling me .. I just took a dab and I'm about to spark one with the infamous
Lmao fate ! ! ! I'm lit !
I'm the type of person that you invite to anything and I am down .. always down
I should really start caring
Well at least you got a sturdy door thanks to yours truly ! Lmao
The law of attraction been working in mysterious ways lately
Finished Walk with on a new route , time 12:43 , 0.65 miles , see average 19:26 .
Finished Walk with on a new route , time 11:16 , 0.71 miles , see
Finished Walk with on a new route , time 15:53 , 0.84 miles , see average 18:57 .
Finished Walk with on a new route , time 11:23 , 0.60 miles , see average 18:51 .
Finished Walk with on a new route , time 12:22 , 0.78 miles , see average 15:48 .
Started Walk with at 3:35 AM , on a new route , see Cyclemeter will speak your replies to me .
Finished Walk with on a new route , time 13:25 , 0.79 miles , see average 17:00 .
Started Walk with cyclemeter at 6:33 AM , on a new route , see Cyclemeter will speak your replies to me .
Enjoying a Spaten Mnchner Hell / Premium Lager by Spaten-Franziskaner-Lwenbru-Gruppe at
Drinking an OktoberBeast by at
Drinking a Natural Ice by -
Drinking a Hazelnut Brown Nectar by OZONE Pizza Pub
I just earned the ' Lager Jack ( Level 14 ) ' badge on
Drinking a Wheat w / Peach by LoDa Bier Garten
Drinking a Kalamazoo Stout by at
Drinking an 10 by at
Drinking an I Aint Afraid of No Gose by at
Drinking a Beer Camp Tropical IPA ( 2016 ) by Callaghan's Irish Social Club
I just earned the ' What Gose Round ' badge on
Drinking a Holy Roller IPA by at
I just earned the ' Trip to the Farm ( Level 5 ) ' badge on
I just earned the ' What Gose Round ( Level 2 ) ' badge on
Drinking an Even More Jesus by at
Drinking a Boggy Bayou Stout by 3rd Planet Brewing 3rd Planet Brewing
I just earned the ' Photogenic Brew ( Level 11 ) ' badge on
I just earned the ' Take A Dunk ! ' badge on
I just earned the ' Das Boot ( Level 7 ) ' badge on
Drinking a Winter Warmer ( 2016 ) by at
Drinking an Old Salem 6 Watermelon Sour by Mayday Brewery
I just earned the ' Verified Adventure ( Level 79 ) ' badge on
I just earned the ' Pucker Up ( Level 22 ) ' badge on
Drinking a Dunkelweizen by Spahr Brewing Company
Trying to get people to buy the Amythyst Amaryllis CD at Cafepress .
I just updated my Squidoo page : Why Christians Should be at Least Somewhat Concerned About the Environment /
Trying to find one of my other Twitter accounts I designated for music .
- Get hundreds of followers for free ! New follow system ! - VIPs get get 400-600 follows daily !
Just got back from therapist . He has a potential chance for me to go to another clinic to get my medical testing . Here's hoping .
What book was that ?
Well , like I said , it is a LOT warmer climate . Right now I live in KS , but it's not half bad really . Good luck finding a new place
Lucky punk . Some people just really do have all the luck .
Thank you . Sometimes I can pop out some funny stuff . That took me about 30 seconds to come up with one night . ,
Amen . I COMPLETELY understand that . Too much FAIL is DEFINITELY a bad thing . :P
I ain't no holla'back girl , though !
Well , posted the pics . Anybody else who wants to see , let me know . :)
My 2 year old would have LOVED it , but he's weird . :)
NOZ ! You cannot has step ladderz . You must jump .
You weren't on when I was a part of S . F . were you ? Just curious .
Hey . How have you been sis ?
Well , I am going to bed . Sorry I haven't been online much to chat . Will blog later . Kiddos home though , so the world is finally right . :)
I have 2 computers , with 3 monitors , and when I'm using them I usually have stuff going on on all three .
Awww , thanks . I'm actually kind of proud of it .... now . :P
ROFL ! You are on a diet . It's only 1 rib . The name says so . :P
Np . I don't notice everything , even when I'm online and paying attention , but that was particularly funny .
Yeah , that's where I saw the article . Yahoo linked to it . GRATZ ! You must be so proud . He's obviously brighter then the state .
However , I don't think the Olympics count as sports , because I can't turn on any of 150 channels any time of day and watch swbc
Thank you very much .
Wow . Hopefully she won't check for plaigarism then . :P
Ow . Yeah , a definite tough choice there . Maybe compromise ? Trim them some , but not all the way gone ?
I'm doing alright . How are you ?
I'm thinking about you too sis . Trying to get ready for some fun tonight , but will be online tomorrow , between cleaning .
The Ghostbusters . That's who . :P
That's good to hear . Missed you at church a couple weeks ago , when you SAID you would be there . You missed me joining . :P
Rollins & amp ; Owens . Haven't seen them one on one in WWE . Will be nice to see & amp ; they're both incredible so it should be great .
I know she wasn't really worth much of anything to begin with , but she just announced she was released because she's pregnant
The BEST Premiere ever ! Amazing acting all around ! SPNFamily Proud to be
Anyone who knows me knows that I don't idolize anyone more than I idolize & amp ; honestly I don't think that '
tell me why Sheaa on here talking shit about & amp ; while her foundation slippin off her fac
No , actually , I won't . People that have never met me don't get to tell me who I do or do not care about .
I know you know me better than this !
So overly excited for you ! ! ! ! ! You deserve it ! ! ! !
SDLive only had 1 match on the main card for RoyalRumble and it was the best match on the show . Congrats
No , I'm sorry , but Manny has never ever even came close to telling a child with disabilities they look like a cheap
. @goldberg I think you're utterly ungrateful . You've taken two bumps . You're World Champ . You're main eventing on Sund
I'm gonna need to come to this group therapy as well !
Ummmm so Mary and Lucifer are in another universe and Cas is dead am I reading this correctly because FUCK EVERYTHING
"" You're unstoppable once you know your value and worth . UNSTOPPABLE . ""
I think he means for his face . Putting body butter on your face could end horrifically lol
thank you for making an amazing palette ! !
. @Sephora if y'all are going to make points expire at least bring back worthwhile rewards
So what you really mean is ... why didn't you lie to your audience & amp ; keep it a secret ? Girl , bye .
I remember what my checking account looks like lol
If ANYONE wants to donate ANYTHING to the HurricaneHarvery victims , please go to
Praying SO hard for all of you ! ! !
That last message has me DEADDD
& amp ; PointZero I . Can't . Live . Without . It .
Vince should reward AJ for tonight in 3 ways : 1 ) Give him a week off 2 ) Buy him a beer 3 ) Make him WWE Champ again W
trying to get a lil makeup ULTA cashier : ur total is $ 170.35 Me : Me : I came out to have a good time & amp ; I'm honestly feel
Anyone who wears a bra would respectfully disagree with you .
Legit bought the game just for the cover & amp ; I'm not even sorry about it . My son wanted the game tho
Quick workout seshhhh ! ! ! BeastMode
This commercial just called Dunkin Donuts a "" restaurant "" ... Ummmm I don't think so
& are hot . Period . That's right . ...
I just got up to 20,985 in DoodleJump ! ! ! Beat that !
nooooo NEVER ! i aways get yelled at for my phone - they never actually do anything ...
Work NEEDS to fly by today
I think it's weird how my bathing suits get shipped from vs 1 top or 1 bottom at a time . Why not send the complete suit together ? ?
I have the absolute best sister on the face of the earthhh . Love you
now I'm that bitch & amp ; you're just a clownnnnnnnnnn
Women's gymnastics teams enter the arena . Olympics
Wow look at all of that energy .... So colorful .... I love it
that's how I feel EVERY time I come home from vacation
ahhhh so you're around ! ! let's get drinks one night ? ? or happy hour ? ?
Happy hour is starting early today woooooo
The year's first snow , & amp ; of course I'm standing in front of Bryant Park . damn that's symbolic . NYC Snow Athena
Lets go Lakers lets go
loving this tank so much
NONSTOP HONKING - this is not normal - fkn annoying
Thanks girl ! wish i saw last night ... either way , her restaurant was D ...
no poll question tonight ? Wtf ?
Just saw a man on northern blvd with two broken legs . Oh ok
Pick your size amsterdam contiki Amsterdam Holland
Forced networking is really one of my strong suits - at the Colony Club
Amen sistaaaaaaa ... adorable iloveme
Another perfect thanksgiving best day of the year
guys , make sure you to vote for Keeping Up ! My TeenChoice vote for ChoiceRealityTVShow is KUWTK
Through faith , love , and resolve the character of the people of Manchester has shown itself . Our thoughts & amp ; prayers are w
Where can I get this ?
That awkward moment when you realize you shook the cops hand and said "" Thanks for the ride buddy ""
"" Because even tho we are miles apart tonight , I know we can make it right . So just give it a chance and we can keep it together ""
Is off to bed . Long day tomorrow .
we have a lot too grr I hate it . Guess I should get used to it . its supposed to snow for the next
Julz 81 found Summit Parking ( Traditional Cache )
Try this Easy Carolina BBQ Chicken made with fresh PerdueCrew promotion -
How do you teach your children good life habits ? johnsonsbabypartners sponsored
Try this grilled buffalo chicken from at your cookout promotion PerdueCrew -
This simple yet tasty pasta dish will be quick to make & amp ; quick to eat . Promotion PerdueCrew -
Kenyan model Ciru Maina becomes Goodwill Ambassador to CAPTAS & Heart Foundation
and lovely havin you with and AWESOME STUFF ! !
cleaning house to get ready for relatives visiting tomorrow .
( packrat ) retireds open for trades , but only if you need them for your own personal vault .
wonders which of my facebook friends use twitter ? i go by featherbee on there , find me !
i'm still debating if i'm going to order it or not . * sighhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh *
the recipe for my chicken broccoli braid , for anyone interested .
ha , already downloaded it ! beat you to it !
colored eggs with daniel this afternoon .
Daniel's tooth came out at the baby sitter's today , and he has no idea when or where it came out . No luck searching . I'm so bummed !
Me : What do you want for lunch ? Daniel : Surprise me . Me : Ok . ( Makes grilled cheese . ) Daniel : I didn't want THAT ! ! ! !
then it must have been the John Mayer that chased everyone away LOL
I can't even get on the site to see how I rate . Altho I prolly rate low . Hardly ever curse on here cause my twits show up on MS page -
Heya , twits : )
LMAO ! That's funny , Heather . Never used muscle relaxers but I hear they're good : )
I LOVED IT ! ! ! ! We're going to have to discuss it later . I have questions . It was AMAZING ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Getting a little bored with The Twitter . Somebody entertain me .
With the economy so bad & layoffs everywhere , I think a lot of us are feeling that .
Yep , but I can't get a massage out of him to save my freakin ' life .
Hopefully . It's just with the economy so bad & my company laying ppl off , I just can't take that chance & spend a ton of $ $ $
Did you like them ?
Twitter's gonna be awfully quiet in about a month ; )
I slipped up behind him to kiss his neck but he turned his head & I got him on the ear . Don't think it had the same effect .
I usually sleep during the meeting instead ; )
Ha ! You might get your wish . It's coming down hard now & I think they're cancelling flights . Yuck .
BBL , twits . Going for a little walk in the gorgeous sunshine : )
Garbage "" Stupid Girl ""
Did you get the Lillywhites & Rutabega Demo last night okay ? That was fun : )
OMG , I wish I was going .
ants has one along with www.dmbsetlist.com or www.dmbalmanac.com or the band's website : )
Ssshhh ... I'm right behind and he has no idea ...
However did we manage back then ? ! I remember Red Rocks in 2005 - they were up by the time I got back to my house every night !
Ohhh .... strange this is , most of the crowd has no clue what they're witnessing ...
Like a Navy Seal , I attempted a rescue in the water this morning . But , unlike Capt . Phillips , the spider sadly didn't survive .
Loved the back-shaving one ... someone I know could try that LOL
So true . I had no idea things inside the band were as bad as they were . Makes it even more special .
Death Cab for Cutie . Red Rocks . Tonight .
Woo hoo ! A broken molar & no dental insurance ! I'm on a roll !
Winter sucks . Winter could go away forever & I'd be very happy .
OMG . Happy for you . Sad for me . But you might start a trend .
We're ready for this conversation .
3 . please considering supporting the Campaign to
Trying to figure out what creative realtors doing with First Time Home Buyer Seminars ? Can anyone point to sources or articles ?
No . 6 is my go-to . Trusted pros best way to serve deadline driven client . Clients appreciate it . Writer Pros gladly reciprocate .
Thought U might want to check out BillTheButcher Open Letter at more transparency forthcoming
Congrats ! writer Carol Tice in ' best of 2010 ' with her 50 Ways to Get Blog Ideas Post
Congrats to the 2011 Pulitzer Prizer winners . Cool to see a winner . Kudos ! pulitzers
"" Without the content , there would be no inbound marketing . "" Great post on combining inbound / outbound by ...
Google News is teaming up with news outlets--including us ! - - to highlight original , in-depth stories :
I'm starting to blog for Intuit's SmallBusiness Blog . Send me success stories , tips , ideas to msharonbaker at gmail - and only that email
new blog post on sales pipeline : sales crm
Would love for my followers to Send congrats to Carol Tice , publishing her first book ,
had a great sales call today with - always a pleasure to learn from Lori Richardson !
I love coloring w crayons . Cool idea . Good to be a marketer Get The Big Marketing Activity Coloring Book
Sounds like you need a second cry of Holy Cheezits - which I loved when you said it the first time . :)
Good points about expectations and deadlines !
Congratulations on the new "" baby . ""
Thanks for sharing . Very interesting to see financials of a kickstarter project
why doesn't the FreelanceWritersDen have its own Twitter account , and if it does , what is it ?
Baseball Tryouts : Tuesday Gr . ' s 9/10 2:30 - 3:45 Grace Ryder . Gr . ' s 11/12 3:45 - 5:00 Grace Ryder . Thank You
Today's Freshmen Girls Lacrosse game and Girls Tennis Match vs Norwell have been postponed .
One of the unsung heroes of the MIAA - assistant director Sherry Bryant honored for her 25 years of service
Boys Lacrosse is Home vs . Shrewsbury today : Varsity 12pm JV 1:30 pm Good Luck Boys ! LetsGoRams
Today's varsity softball game vs Scituate has been postponed . Make up date TBA .
Joe Russo with a single to bring in Mike Catanoso . Rams : 2 Nauset : 0
2 mile Squad yesterday : Holmes 9:26 , Joyce ( JR ) 9:43 , Lamb 9:53 , Valianti ( FR ) 9:57 , Bunker ( JR ) 10:08 , Kirdahy ( FR ) 10:38 , P
Away Games DY Today : Boys Tennis 4pm JV Baseball 4pm V Baseball 4pm Red Wilson Baseball Field Go Rams !
Today's Home Games : JV / V Softball vs Falmouth 4pm Fr . Baseball vs Falmouth 4pm Boys Tennis vs DY 4pm Go Rams !
Minnechaug scores on its first shot to take a 1-0 lead over Marshfield with 6:30 left in first quarter .
Marshfield 6 Scituate 12 Great effort by all for Senior's last home game C May 2-3 , 2R , 2RBI , 6IP Arnold 1-3 , 3RBI , R S
After 1 : Marshfield 4 , Barnstable 0 . Cole McKenzie with 2 g for Marshfield , Ty Chabra with three stops . Barnstae's Nat
MHS threatening again . TRY awarded ! Conversion no good . MHS takes the lead 15-14
McKenzie with another tough one for his third of the day . Marshfield trails Needham 11-6 with 6:10 to play .
Sprint Medley Championshp race at New Balance Nationals-Isa Cunio , Bri deGrasse , Kayla O'Connell , Marina MacKinnon 25th
Fall Athletic Registration is open ! Please register on your family ASPEN account . Link to Instructions :
A lot of life lessons will come from the observation of others . Don't mimic the mistakes of others learn from them . Ap2w
Rob Violessi w / a 20 yd scramble & amp ; is stripped , ball pops into Dan Hickey's hands & amp ; he runs it in for 6 . XP is good . Rams : 29 Cranston : 8
Who wins ? for Marshfield Like for BC High Get the app
BK Jeong won the 200 free in South Sectional qualifying time & amp ; Riley Moeykens won the 50 free with a state qualifying time .
Boys Soccer ( final ): Marshfield 0 Sandwich 1
Final : Marshfield 35 , Nauset 6 . Eddie Kielty and Jack McNeil with 2 TD . Ward 1 RTD , 97 yards . Jackson Phinney 6-6 pass
Sandwich FH scores with just under 20 to play in the game . Rams : 1 Sandwich : 2
End of the 1st quarter and DY leads 7-0 over the Rams . DY on the 12 of the Rams as we open the 2nd quarter .
The 400 free relay team of Lily Courtney , Grace Ekstrom , Hannah Lawlor and MaryKate Finneran finished in first place .
B / G JV Soccer games vs Norwell have been rescheduled for tomorrow , Friday 10/27 4:15 pm . Boys on Community Turf , G
Sofie LuVoulo and Ruth Penney lead the way for the Rams at todays ACL Championships at the Marshfield Fairgrounds . WeRMarshf
Congrats to our Senior Boys and their moms ! great 4years WeRMarshfield
Boys finish 3rd in a strong Division 2 and will move on the All-States next week ramsxc
Thanksgiving Day Football Reminders : Gates will open at 9AM Tickets will be $ 5 Students / $ 7 Adults please try and
After 1Q : Marshfield 16 , Duxbury 7 . Rams are doing a good job not settling for jumpers . Dragons have been fighting on D , bu
On Vault , Chloe Ashmont came in 2nd place with a score of 8.75 while Jenna Bilodeau came in 4th with a score of 8 .
I declare my allegiance for the PS4 ! Find out how you can join the Battle of the Next Gen at [US] GameSpotPS 4
Win a PS4 copy of Bloodborne , MLB 15 : The Show , and Mortal Kombat X from PlayStation LifeStyle !
What a horrible rainy memorial weekend hope it clears soon !
1000 10 $ ? twittir @ya . ru
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE ! ! A view from miami downtown ! !
Image reflects reality of M . B mb_europe
Este mal de amores .
Hoy es el cumpleaos de la mejor mamaa que mi mam pudo tener ! ! ! Jejeje te adoro mi abue hermosa !
Fue un placer equivocarme .
Charly Garca "" quien no dice una mentira por conservar un amor .. "" MuchosRecuerdos
Gracias al despertador por no levantarme ! !
Lo nuestro es una cuestin de compartirnos de hacernos bien y hablarnos al odo .
No esperes a que sea demasiado tarde .... Hasta demasiado tarde para vivir .
Quiz no puedas estar en la Fashion Week de Nueva York pero s puedes vestir como las chicas del front row . Toma nota : ...
"" Vale ms hacer y arrepentirse que no hacerlo y arrepentirse "" Nicols Maquiavelo .
A veces perdonamos a las personas simplemente porque todava las queremos en nuestras vidas .
A veces uno necesita estar solo .
Porque yo te quiero ms tiempo en mi vida .. Djame ser tu amiga .
El nico error real es aquel del que no aprendemos nada : John Powell
Todo es posible si as lo quieres !
Yo no te robar un beso , har que te mueras por uno .
Por exceso de amor se separaron .
"" I am a mountain in the minimalism "" -
tipsdekika el agua de rosas cierra los poros previene arrugas . Rica en vitaminas C y A para revivir la piel marchita .
La ortografa es un acto de solidaridad con los ojos de los dems .
Slo quien lucha por un amor , merece tenerlo .
Debo confesarles que es con esta frase en mi cabeza la que me levanto todos los das . Espero les sirva como a ...
Acurdate de que cada prenda tiene su regla , concete ! Un reto fashionista se gana conociendo tu cuerpo y ...
SI ESTAS DEL LADO DE LOS ZAPATOS MASCULINOS ! Aqu te doy algunas ideas de como usarlos ! Itmorenablog ...
STREET STYLE 2016 Insprate ideas ItMorenaBlog FashionWeeks Madrid NY Milan Paris Londres
Calzado MUSTHAVE de esta temporada . Cul es tu preferido ? Inspiraciones tendencias ideas itmorenablog No ...
Feliz finde ! Bio felizfinde
I hate being sick :/
Can it be Disneyland day already ?
I removed the creepy doll from the room . I can't deal with that betch .
Want to win an ear necklace like the one Daryl made ? Follow and Retweet for your chance to win ! 13DaysOfDead
Another shooting in berdoo . Yall need to chill out with the violence man . Glad i got out of that p . o . s .
Guysss i saw the shuttle !
Everyone but the brides on say yes to the dress need to stfu . If anyone acted like that if i ever picked out a dress i'd tell them to gtfo .
The Walking Dead is the best show ever
I have the biggest bags under my eyes . I need to learn how to sleep better .
I'm pretty sure my dog rides the short bus ...
I really hope gives me tix for cause i really need to see in person please . Waitlists suck yo .
i hate this show so much right now . I can't even . Whyyyy ? Why ?
yea and i could use on line cutters .
Watching because of my love for It's only like my 5th time watching .
Trapped in the in n out parking lot
I just entered to win a WiiU + Disney Infinity 3.0 prize pack ! TMVinfinity
Eff this show forreal though ... TWDFinale
for a chance to win this WHITE COSTUME EMMA FROST STATUE from SDCC 2016 !
sexism is a man screaming he has a better temperament than a woman who has been patiently waiting to speak after being in
My name is Maggie Rhee mothaeffffaaaa TWD
Someone gimmme for my bday
I don't like short haired Thor
Picked up more pita / hummus from gg farmer's market and ate a bomb tamale from there for breakfast
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a exclusive Wonder Woman Pop !
I've been at Deadquarters all day ha now i'm charging my phone and resting
Yesss i'm so stoked to finally have it
& amp ; follow for a chance to win this Nightmare Before Christmas Heart Shaped Crossbody Bag !
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a exclusive Enchanted Rose Dome ! The Enchanted Rose is now
Got my first listen to "" Smoking Gun "" by tonight . Was completely worth the wait !
would you say that if I was a sox or pats fan ?
Congrats ! Just keep your head up and stay strong !
Worse team environment : 12-13 Lakers or 12 Red Sox ? what day you
go with number two you cannot ever have enough jellyfish !
Anal Sac issues are oh so much fun but this is a good reminder especially during the holidays !
My old twitter got deleted this is my new one
That depressing moment when you realize it's actually the last week of summer
If its true people can tell you snap shotted iMessages with the new update I'm in a lot of trouble
I cant stand you at all
Literally sick to my stomach why am i being forced into school
Happy birthday ashley ! Have a great day
Alyssa you shouldn't have went in the brief case
really all i care about is pizza & amp ; like 4 people
Alyssa's snapchat story is 200 seconds of my ugliness so sorry in advanced to any one who sees it
is trying to break her shopping addiction by making me play monopoly with her so she can spend fake money SMH
This couldnt be any more accurate
you fat joke stop pretending we're friends no one knows you .
How long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33,000 emails that you deleted ? htt
when your girl roasts someone and all you have to offer is moral support
I'm going to take that literally . WhatsGoingOn
how bout them gators bro ? Haha ! Elite 8
Bryce is watching a weird show
that's not what I want to hear Alex !
Had both of em blarin earlier
thanks stephy boo ! ! ! (:
damn son where'd ya find this ! ?
we arnt even going to have a full roster after this game .......
like 500 hundred people no bs
I don't care what people think , picking a gf / bf over a friend you can trust is the dumbest shit ever ! !
Gators are runnin that ball tonight
He shanked the shit out of that one .
Just cracked my phone awesome
This Bud Light ain't too good . But ima drink it anyways !
First troll of the night is ? ? ?
1 free throw and we're gettin this win !
The Ride Home Freestyle ( Partial ): via boosiespeak
what you talkin about ?
Just remembered payday is tomorrow
hell yeah . At least I got this black
Oh and happy late birthday to my favorite ashleynw 30
Can't stunt your way through life
Gotta try and get some of those
Now I can't sleep . I want some candy
Lord let this man miss this field goal
So y'all though Bron was just gonna go like that ?
Not bad midsize truck wash and Waxed in a hour and a half , not to cook dinner , and pack
Is being a "" bad boy "" more an image or attitude thing ?
Sweeeet ! I made $ 173.42 so far just filling out some surveys .
Light it up ! Corey Crawford flipped a giant switch and lit up the enormous Willis Tower Christmas tree . -
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in What's The Phrase Android .
Strike ! Watch the Blackhawks test their bowling skills at the annual ICE Bowl . -
Interesting character from Craigslist here for photoshoot
I'm at the Tonga Room ?
Full Grown Australian Shepherds Quincy & Owen with a mini buddy-Max .
Worst Client Comments Turned Into Posters
Proofreading a software "" user's manual . "" I know how to have a good time .
Sarah Palin ( or someone for her ) on Twitter !
Who is this guy ? ? ? ? AND what is he saying ? I can't follow .
Um ... Everything ok ?
I've bought from Etsy before .
I Saw Mommy Kissing Pe-trae-us newholidaysongs
This WaPo story on the kidnapped girls contains an untranslated quote in Spanish . Never seen that before
BREAKING : Travis COunty Clerk's office to begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples at 10:30 am . SSM
Great way to spend the first morning of my break : digging through the treasure trove that is blog :
Harlem Renaissance giant James Weldon Johnson was born on this day in 1871 .
Ok ! I can finally talk about one of the greatest weeks of my life ! Thank you ! You slay . All day !
My evidence for what ? I didn't make a claim , I asked a question , and provided a specific example to help you answer .
Pretty sure there are other options .
Counterpoint : activists on your side are just as bad .
"" The core and essence of Trumpism is a racist morality play . "" The Primary Text of Trumpism via
I've entered to win a Star Wars Galactic Connexions Starter Pack from Non-Sport Update & amp ; Topps via
New Star Wars game app coming soon . Pre-reg now .
learn marketing about daily ! some days more than others . hearing Willie Crawford now ! read something every day in reading rm
took inventory of the stuff i buy-much IS ' made in the usa ' i was very happy about it ! thought ' Harley ' was ... pam
ah , a demonstration of selling on the internet ! ok . it's an experimental call , on many fronts . pam
fashion is just art with people as the platform . it's healthier to think of it that way ... pam
i wouldn't wish this fire on ANYONE ! wow . thanks for the update . i get all the best news from my twitter buddies ... pam
Happy New Year , oh wait , that's next week . Merry Christmas ? or will it be Kwanzaa for you ? Hanuka ? In any case , enjoy the season . pam
why do you follow me ? thanks , pam
it's all space , i'm just interested in travel to other places in the galaxy ! :) pam
ok , upper right on any page , under name & photo & numbers of ' following ' ' followers ' then it's ' updates ' now you are current ! :)
that is true for many hosting sources . trouble is the annual fee right now . thanks , pam
yay , welcome back ! pam ideaparty
is Masters Pizza still around ? in Lakewood . i think about that pie on a regular basis now that i'm So . Cal . yum pam
you never know ! we're here ! ! LOL . pam
I just started using You might like it too ! Pls
LA quake was a bnch of shaking-saw shelves sway , not 2 bad otherwise . time seemed to ' stop ' & i wasn't sure how long it would go
Hey ooh , i get those too ! ( Sudie live >
On page 8 of Purity Plot by E . E . "" Doc "" Smith
Three weeks no cigarettes , three days no nicotine . I would be happy about it but I'm not there yet .
I love Britney spears but god dammit I have had if you seek amy stuck in my head for so long I forget what ...
Photo : Its also connected to a RadioShack .
lol I got a new one no more cracked screen
Of 336 drugs developed between 2000 and 2011 , four treated diseases primarily seen in poor countries .
I need to stop assuming everyone has seen the Lizzie McGuire Movie although it's a fair assumption b / c it's the greates
if you end this shit after fifteen minutes the fandom will revolt and we will burn down the internet 1DFOURHANGHOUT
Just heard on talk about the type of realhousewives viewer who also listens to NPR ... Hey that's me ! Nice
when will adele come back to earth to save us
chris meloni is going to make one good vampire ! boy was I right
surprised it took this long for someone to do this tbh
you know us so well happy birthday love I'll light one up in honor of you
are you guys gonna be doing a headlining tour when you're done with the new album ?
great shirt in the James cordon late late show commercial
Josh Peck needs to cool it indefinitely
I have seen it as blue and black tho
it looks soooooooooo pretty ( not that the blonde is bad cause you rock the hell out of that look too )
Surprise ! Not really !
Watch perform "" Bitch Better Have My Money "" for an actually asleep
Photo : Im just too cute today tho
I have to come up with a wifi name in the next half hour . Thinking jackwhiteslovechild so people know it's mine but open to suggestions
why ? ? ? I thought you loved meat
same thing happened to Obama . They are exercising their constitutional right to free speech , as you have been doing .
this isn't about Clinton , it's about election integrity .
I'm finding it harder and harder to deal with the fear , anxiety , and stress caused by the current state of our nation .
literally just saw a 10 year old girl wearing a shirt with sparkles that said "" doing my best "" fucking same bitch where'd
I'm coming in the house for 30 minutes and then I'll be leaving again .
Just watched Grey's Anatomy on my laptop since I HAD to watch the Steelers game on Thursday . Love my Steelers ! ! !
Watching the Bachelor about to bury a dead bird .
pokopokoshopping : aaaand an art trade with a friend on twitter ! ! !
brutallyhonestsuggestions : this blog 100 % supports chubby tummies , arms , and thighs
sophiaslittleblog : pr1nceshawn : Why do people even bother buying things for their cats ? This is why I ...
ginkgosan : . - What about DarkGinkg ! !
dr-felici : A coyote must do what coyotes do best : Causing trouble . Another piece for the Eurofurence ...
nick 16williams : Nick and Judy By Kairuiz
Anonymous said : i would like to gently hold hands with opossum while having a nice coffee and stuff !
andreandkarl : 9.21 . 16
idoodlez : Reference sheet commissions of one of the adoptables !
zarock : General Pepper wants YOU !
2852813 93 : Badge I made for the upcoming Harbor City Fur Con ( which is vaporwave themed ) in July ! ...
le-charibo : [ Teruki ] Mob Psycho 100 Episode 9
the-art-of-nicole : Bean-Eyed character commission for UrbanSaint who won a slot in my YCH auction ! ...
9kitsunes : Halloween NOM Source : getfur
corrideox-arts : Stick yo tongue back in
hexeix : character belongs to illivera on furaffinity
pokopokoshopping : alternate outfit i have been so hyper TODAY
lingrimmart : Say hello to this special commission season ! It was a freestyle dark commissions , so we ...
* HACKS TABLE * - ignisthepyro : * hacker voice * Im in !
bechnokid : I freaking love the huge update AC : NL got and the new pupper is so freaking cute ! I could ...
acousticmalta : Im expressing my feelings as Widowmaker through art [ DO NOT REPOST WITHOUT MY ...
talonex : Personal art from around two month ago . Its one of my favorite pieces !
drawdroid : rest in piece old fox mans twitter
Nobody will love this photo more than New York , New York .
going to take my dog out for a stop and shit
Even Gameday knows Fenway Park is BostonStrong :
Why would I want a vibrating alarm clock ? I guess only the early bird gets the worm .
real g's leave they driver half tha doob before they dip
When ppl & things around u are not making u happy They must .. E N D = ( E ) ntirely ( N ) ew ( D ) irection
Things I do everyday : 1 . get up 2 . survive 3 . go back to bed
Hear a new song by SBTRKT , "" Gloss ""
why do ppl fill their bios with categories of people . PET LOVER , PHILANTHROPIST , EATER OF FOOD , POGO ENTHUSIAST , GAY SEX ...
"" everytime I hear the beats rewind , I think about how college was a decent time and how I almost sacrificed my peace of mind "" filthyfunk
"" it does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live "" - albus dumbledore
yea i cant believe u guys fell for that one ohshit
Remembering MCA : 21 Photos Of The Beastie Boys Adam Yauch
you and me can be what we want to be . don't you let this come falling down on me . highliving
triangles are my favorite shape , three points where two lines meet tessellate
Put that stash in the trash .
the universe is a map of the world
Watch Beyonc's sexy video for the Jay Z-featuring "" Drunk in Love "" :
The ' Seinfeld ' finale aired 16 years ago today . Read our 1998 cover story on the end of the series :
: WATCH : - End Of The Night .
good times at the drive in magnaball
Pro-Shot Video : Watch The Claypool Lennon Delirium's standout set from this year's Bonnaroo
Pro-Shot Video : Watch guest with on EIGHT songs to close out
Rockford should get in on the concussion settlement . Dude gets knocked out a lot KnockOut NoahBeeryIsDispleased
Bushcraft is mostly building forts and making spoons TheMoreYouKnow BushcraftIsAwesome
I will match whatever donates ( up to 10k ) . Who is with me ? Also retweet the shit out of his tweet !
This is why you get an "" attaboy "" . Good work .
Spending the 4th on siesta key w beerpong , horseshoes , ladderball , food and about 1000 people
Perhaps the all-you-can-eat sushi place we never made it to last year ? followed by a glass ( or 5 ) of wine and lots of giggling ?
Hope I win the Leap Year giveaway on INO to enter
Must stay awake ... 10 more minutes
One upside of dumping my coffee in my lap : my cooter smells like vanilla latte
I installed it , but have no idea what it does ? !
Got Rays playoff tickets , and Oktoberfest tickets - what a good month this will be :)
They kicked us out of the mall by 4 b / c of the blizzard ! Not fair ! The sales were AWESOME !
Thinking I'd be restless after friends wedding crafts are done , then got 2 freelance projects . Funny how things always work out ...
Go Rays ! ! !
It's like docs , office , and dropbox all in one - I love it !
and - my flowerbaby who did not , in fact , make it down the aisle in that wagon !
Why Handel's Messiah is a Masterpiece , Part 3 on
shakespeareanpickuplines shakespeare classicliterature reading books romeoandjuliet
( pardon the sound quality ) tbt to when I was practicing for college auditions 7 years ago so I
So excited to see today ! !
"" Y'all hush ! Mama's tryna get her some sun ! "" Mama actually got a sunburn , but she had a good
Gourdough's : 3 Us : 0 gettinggordoatgourdoughs atx atxeats foodtruck Gourdough's
WOOO so excited to move in ! ! !
Great great great job and your leotards look almost as beautiful as you girls looked out ther
When you're in a waiting room too long and you start noticing things like why are there 20 house plants in here ?
donald trump : I didn't say that the internet :
When u realize that you'll have to create a study guide to explain your presidential vote to your fam at Thanksgiving
man I just love makeup
like she drew it with a hasn't-been-sharpened-in - 2 - weeks jumbo eye pencil
I'm holding this family together , literally
I dark lip colors but I butthole lips , that inner lip slime , and crustiness
Trump has golfed two weekends in a row ( out of 4 as president ) . Here are 11 times Trump criticized Obama for playing golf
lol I told you this ! !
Like maybe I've been single for too long but that kind of stuff annoys the hay out of me
Does anyone want to AP style review my PR paper ? Bc I don't
I bought my fpsf ticket to see YOU
finally got my "" ellah ey's "" perfect damn it
OMG THIS SONG IS BY AARON CARTER ? ? ? I want some of that candyyyyyy
Conroe is literally a disgusting place . Do whatever you have to do to get out of there
Girl I gotta have traditional vows at my wedding bc ya girl cannot read out loud ! ! ! I just need a repeat-after-me sitch
Im actually in denial that summer is almost over
Not to spoil the eclipse for y'all but Bella chooses Edward lol
T-pain was only 22 when he rhymed mansion with wiscansin
Update : he was one of the first 5 likes . My efforts have paid off
Just saw that next week there are like 4 days in a row where the temperature wont reach 80 . Im hibernating .
THIS ! ! ! !
take me to this alternate universe
Like they ordered a pair of shoes for me and I was worried they werent going to get here on time for my birthday f
Damn yall , I feel like other countries need the same suicide announcement rules as the US because posting that K-P
Having a hard day . Feeling crummy and sad
its true . i am :(
Dear old dude sitting on a bench , Please pull your pants up and / or buy a belt . Thank you .
Holy crap . This song is amazing .
Apparently my phone has decided to pick and choose what texts and phone calls I receive . That's really sweet of it ...
I'm having trouble remembering what the sun looks like . I think its supposed to be bright .
Least amusing April Fool's day ever .
Thank you ! Yeah it seems to be clearing up until the end of the week . Just worried about all the high water yet to crest .
I've been thinking about it and I've decided that it isn't funny . At all . Not any of it .
I agree ! I'm very lucky .
Dear The Radio . Umm ... No . You need to stop sucking for a minute . Changing the channel constantly is stressing me out . Yours truly , Katie .
Today the 8th December we are remembering the life of JohnLennon on the 30th anniversary of his death -
Damn you angrybirds for being such a magnificent time waster . I both love and hate you .
Even better ;-) I could even let you crash at my place of you want , I've got room .
Snot-fest 2012 is in full swing , day 3 and counting . I feel like punching my immune system but I'm afraid that might not help much .
Please please please don't sugar coat this for your kids . Have the hard conversations . Use the words "" racism , "" "" sexism , "" and "" is
Ermahgahhhd chicken with peppers , onions , green beans , garlic and soy sauce over rice
OMG AND THERE IS A LITTLE SEAL OUT HERE
Lololol at winning 5-1 in BP against neighbor boys whatever you can do I can do better
Whoops fucked up the cork so I can't re-cork it , guess I gotta drink the whole bottle
Sitting in this funky little cafe on Wilshire and YG walks by !
Kendrick honestly listed all the rappers I listen to as shit . Disappointed
Words cannot explain how much I love my phone now that iOS 7 came out .
Is it bad that I don't feel awful for making lesbian jokes about my sister ?
I'm actually really excited about the Sosa Parks beanies
Today is really rustling my jimmies
* flips pillow onto the cool side * * its wearing huf socks and smoking a cig * dam this side is so cool
Bitches Tie Anything Around They Neck And Call It A Choker Bitch If You Don't Give Me My Damn HDMI Cord
haha , hey Claire :)
Me : hey can you throw me a yoohoo Me :
soundtracking "" Brown Eyed Girl "" by Van Morrison ( @ iStone Cavern ) nowplaying
The Gateway to Christianity is not through an intricate labyrinth of dogma , but by a simple belief in the person of Christ . "" - Peale
You can get the vinyl here :
I don't trust hikers . They're always the ones that find the dead bodies . I'm no detective . Just sayin ' ... humor lightenupfrances
I just ousted Kim F . as the mayor of The Lake on
I just became the mayor of Stone Home Cinema on
It's Tablet-a-day Giveaway : Win an iPad , iPad mini , Microsoft Surface , Kindle Fire HD , or a Nexus 10
pls pray 4 Mark - overwhelmed w / grief in marital problems - emotionally abused by wife & amp ; crying out 4 prayer & amp ; help . Thx
Low by Altered , from SoundHound
Yeah , I'd totally push that button !
I signed up to win a MotoX from with free service and tons of accessories . You should too !
Creation calls . The Creator answers . Beautiful .
Kurt Russell Seattle Seahawk Super Bowl introduction : SuperBowl SeattleSeahawks Metallica KurtRussel 2014
Whether for your family , or for your business , you KNOW that winning this would be great !
Check out this site called YouPic . Gives you huge exposure , inspiration and really improves your photography skills :
Racing and restoring awesome cars in CSRClassics for Android . It's FREE !
Racing & amp ; restoring classic muscle cars in CSRClassics for Android . It's FREE !
Enter to win a FREE 65 "" Smart 3D TV from 247Sports !
Kind Woman by Richie Furay , Kenny Loggins , Neil Young , from SoundHound
Racing & amp ; restoring classjc American muscle cars in CSRClassics . It's FREE !
Already Over , Pt . 2 by from SoundHound with LiveLyrics
winter tree branches bare Steak ' n Shake
The suet BirdFeeder that we have hanging on our deck attracts RedBelliedWoodpeckers and many
Daybreak in our driveway colorful sky clouds dawn morning summer 2015Camaro
This is apparently becoming a MorningRitual for Tonio Kat . Again this morning he stretched out
Lovin ' our new SnowBeast - SubaruOutbackLimited Such a FUN rig to drive ! MadeInUSA
loud thunderstorm windy lightning rain hail BransonMO OzarksLivin HillbillyFireworks
Tonio Kat and Sandy Kat seem to be fascinated by the new tanktop my beautiful wife bought for
baibaibai abortionishomicide selfie beard glasses whitehair #SaveTheBabyHumans Green
Oh , the things you see on a FridayNight in the Walmart parkinglot on Hwy 76 in BransonMO
Oh , yeah TWC gives lies away for free . Sorry .
They say they want to help , but I was told I can't have what I was TOLD . They keep lying about what they can do .
Sorry peeps , should have said JUST DOESN'T GIVE A DAM . THEIR LIARS , THIEVES , & amp ; DON'T CARE ABOUT SENIORS , EXCEPT FOR THEIR MONEY !
They don't care about veterans or Seniors . But I'm not paying for TV that I can't watch .
Don't know what kind of junk website U have , but everytime I tried to enter website I get a blank page with msg "" bad request "" ? BS
I am a 70yr . old , who's getting tired of sports reporters not telling it like it is with the Packers ?
Who cares ? It's all BS anyway !
Both names appear to be fake . 3 payments stolen from my bank account and NO products yet ! RIPOFF , RIPOFF , RIPOFF ? ? ? ? ?
I have made over a dozen complaints about but Papa , doesn't care about my complaints . His pizza sucks , but it's OK with him
Have had problems since day 1 , and all I get is we'll have to send somebody out ( service chg . ) to fix the problem ?
Have filed least 50 complaints about Johns lousy pizza , and HE doesn't want or care 2 respond . Don't even want free pizza
Cause I'm thinking about suing them , cause they don't have a clue on what they are doing . NOT A F # & amp ; % CLUE .
OH , God No . Garza again ? Well here we lose again .
HOPE THIS GETS to PEOPLE . GOT ALL NEW EQUIPMENT , ALL NEW WIREING , AND TVs the SAME AND INTERNET IS ALMOST DIAL-UP SPEED . CANCEL SERVICE
Tell the boys in the booth that "" I've been everywhere "" is HANK SNOW , Not Johnny Cash ! ! ! ! !
Why can't I get your website 2 connect ? I need a manual and every time I enter model # I GET sent back and have 2 enter it again ?
Time 4 the Fans 2 start BOOOING AGAIN . What the CRAP has happened to this team . So hard 2 watch ?
And I am only 4 blocks from the Journal Times building .
DON'T BELIEVE ANYTHING tells U in their commercials . Everyone , I've seen is a LIE ! Been putting up w / it 4 a year & amp ; 1/2 .
It saddens me that all the work did to protect the planet for our grandkids is being undone by
NOTHING BUT a Dictator , Bully , and Coward !
Who the hell would be dumb enough to want to follow
I'd even settle 4 a hat . Love Wisn . Only news I watch .
Hell , I live on S . S . , But if anyone wants to start a GO FUND ME PAGE , to IMPEACH THESE 2 IDIOTS , I'll be glad to give what I CAN .
I , at 71 , don't have anything better to do than TWEET about how stupid ABC really is .
Ripoff RIPOFF RIPOFF RIPOFF RIPOFF RIPOFF
Wonder what Vegas would put odds at 4 any of original hires 2 B left after 1st 4 years ? ? ? ?
Ya know , I think I've seen Mark maybe 3 days in the last month , so I hope your getting paid a lot of overtime . LOL
But he still usually tweets about the Packer game .
Why , If had nothing to do with Russia , why is he suddenly implementing sanctions against them .
Happy Monday ! ! Its going to be a busy week so warm up & amp ; snug-up when you can ! blessed grateful getoutthere
I really appreciate all the help you have given me . Hope your engineers are willing to hel
Earn free Smurfberries each week when you build one of the Smurfy Wonders in smurfsvillage
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in The Weather Channel .
Well that smells like summer in a bowl . summer flowers sweetkids
I opened some Halloween packs of starbursts and this was the first three . I'm not sure if that's
Flesh tunnels . HAHAHAHAHA ! I always feel compelled to pop a small carrot through them and say In case you get peckish late
Out & amp ; about this weekend with your children ? have a wide variety of choices for fun in the sun
This 9 yr old is pure class she looking up airfares to NYC because she wants to get a doll from there ! dreamonsweetie !
I like nice signs Pulse Cafe Platform
GIVENCHY Ondulations Dor Limited Editions Bronze Prcieux buy HERE
Photo : 80s - 90s - supermodels : Guess , circa 1996 Photographer : Dewey Nicks Models : Valeria Mazaa & amp ; Unknown
Video : Emotional scenes as family reunited after Philippines typhoon & amp ;
work from the second issue of looking forward to the next issue !
and a snip at 99 ! !
We'll I'm in tears of laughter again today ! ! ! Must watch !
No Kate you do not need a brown eye pencil so you can make a nice smokey eye ... that goes "" POW "" .... you are 10 years old !
Really had fun on this shoot with and for Studio 25
Dial M for More with Katarina Nemcova ( Supplementaire ) via
An Oldie of Mick , Paul's dad .... I though Kate looked like her dad , but she looks even more like her Grandad
nothing as bad as being ill and stuck indoors and the sun is out !
Photo : Le Mpris ( 1963 )
Your pass : 2968 . U won a spot to our $ 10k sweeps ( for real ! ) . Visit our linky 2 claim . YAAAAY ! WOOP WOOP !
No idea what Berfin intends to do with all these balloons at this time of night ! !
Ok seriously ! Never again somehow I felt safer taking pictures , like I wasn't experiencing the ride
Apparently this clock started its life on the titanic Waldorf
Till next time newzealand skytower farewell
Setting up for today Shoreditch Studios
Repost jake_love 95 with repostapp . By via repostwhiz app : I LOVE HAPPY by
Another for with jodsouthgate tiny_thief _ and editorial fashion lingerie
Getting little jobs done before work today .... finally I framed this beautiful print of joseph from
I was clearly born too late
Prince Philip is to step down from insulting people .
Follow My Lead | Taylor Fosdick's Empower Network Blog
With all this rain and tire concerns , A Lap 25 competition caution would sound really good right now .
YES IT IS ^ ^ 2
you make watching my team of decades , so amazing now . tigers all the way ^ ^
Just what he needs another million
Yeazzzzzzz ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
She looks totally grossed out .
Thanks for smarm-spaining it to me I know politics can be confusing , but you'd have more credibility if you spe
Today is one of those days
in love with her flow
highschooltaughtme that no matter how much you actually look out for somebody they will still stab you in the back & amp ; walk
I love my husband !
created a Fantasy Football team
I hate when I catch ppl looking at me it low key gives me a lot of anxiety and I'm like ahhhhhh ! ! ! ! !
I ain't flinch on this one . Death gonna die before Morgan Freeman does .
where's tony hawk when you need him
I WANT TO FUCKING FEEL LIFE
Omfg US ! ! ! !
When my friend drunk & amp ; not in her right mind so I gotta protect her from ugly men . "" Back up nigga . She good ""
w / a blunt too
environment ? environment ? ? ? oh my fuckin god she fucking dead
it takes 5 minutes out ur day to check in on a friend who's tweeting depressing or abnormal shit , , , be there for ur homi
Idk felt cute I'll probably delete it
Yesterday I learned that my mom has no idea what our dog looks like
just jammin to some Liberace
ILL ASK YOUR BITCH TO SPIT IF I WANT A COME BACK
Mural I did for the hometown last month hope you like it San Jose
rt if you would give up everything in life just to be the fan that got kissed by Lana
I'd give my life 2 go back 2 this moment . I was so nervous 2 kiss in front of the camera but C said to me "" It's just us baby . ""
fros are back . everyone's obsessed with flowers . popular music is psychedelic / funk influenced . nuclear war is imminent . it's
I am the watch you always wear but you forget to wind
You may be relishing your current anonymity because you dont ... More for Libra
this worlds an ugly place but ur so beautiful
I've come to the conclusion that onions make me thirsty
Cuffing season ? Cuddle season ? ROCK Season
ain't this the same women who is working with woody allen who is child molester ? ? and told ppl the blm movement is about
opening up my backpack in the middle of class and getting a fat ass whiff of weed
why u not texting me back r u crazy
Trump expanding Scottish golf course despite promising no new foreign deals : report
How someone with paper-thin skin has survived this long in the public eye baffles me .
Jesus . German chancellor Merkel had to explain the Geneva Refugee Convention to Trump .
Not * one word * about the Muslims slaughtered in their house of worship by a white supremacist Trump fan . Not one .
Sanders : "" McConnell owes Warren an apology ""
First flunky bites the dust . More to come ... keep resisting
... how long until Trump realizes Mattis & amp ; company are essentially telling allies "" ignore Trump . "" Its not on cable TV or
"" We will invest in women's health . "" - Pres . Trump How about your start with trusting women to make their own health choic
w / o mandate , plenty of GOPrs can return to not buying insurance , leaving rest of us to pay 4 their irresponsibility whe
For people who don't get it : Trumps reported income for 2005 shows he has been lying about his net worth for years .
That awkward moment when Hugh Jackman remembers he taught you at school .
Donald Trump is just throwing his son-in-law at every problem like the world is a dorm room and Jared is Febreeze .
How did he just learn this ? Doesn't he watch cable news like 5 hours a day ?
Because if we cannot afford to Let Girls Learn we cannot afford weekly $ 20 million golfing
ooo ps > > GOP Rep . Unaware OCare Repeal Bill Nixes Health Care Program In His State via
3 people fired by Trump were all investigating Trumpworld - Axios SmartNews
Jared Kushner just worked out a deal to sell $ 110 Billion in weapons to the Saudis . You do realize the 9/11 terrori
If Hillary Clinton's son-in-law wanted secret back channel comms with the Russians , I and every other GOPer would be goi
Amid Trump tweets , notable there is no FBI Director ; no US Ambassador to London ; and the State Department is missing le
Rep . Schiff says Trump could be in dereliction of duty if he doesnt act on Russia threat
JUST IN : Trump says he will now try to "" let Obamacare fail . "" Playing with lives . Evil , disgusting man . Deathcare
But the leaking of Podesta and DNC emails was AOk ?
We have reached the point in this presidency where The Onion is just running with straight news headlines .
1 . ) Texas should of course get federal disaster support . 2 . ) This is hypocrisy in a nutshell . "" Everone is on their o
. @BetsyDeVosED hired a former DeVry official to be the cop in charge of policing sham colleges at
Reminder : is sabotaging the health care of millions of Americans for political gain
Wow . Really felt like this man was going to be around forever . RIP to a man who truly lived life to the fullest . hughhefner h
Hell stand behind a man who grabs women by the pussy , dodged the draft , was accused of rape , & amp ; is coaxing a nuclear war , but
Anyone who RTs this Tweet is eligible to win my pink hat . I will pick a random winner at 9
Yesterday I walked in & amp ; voted straight Dem . I had never done that before and used to really read up on candidates & amp ; iss
Down the rabbit hole of fantasy . Before offering condolences to the families of those killed in the Amtrak cash , Trum
At least 50 concert-goers slaughtered in Las Vegas mass shooting . Heres everything we know so far .
stop all the anger and hate focus on a PositivePopulist agenda for working americans SteveSays
Ted Cruz mops the floor with Bernie Sanders at CNN town hall debate
You're an American , right ? Express your First Amendment rights , cultural appropriation be dam
EXCLUSIVE : Notorious Black Dahlia 1947 cold case where starlet was cut in half is finally SOLVED
Are You Learning to Lead ? leadership via
Dennison Railroad Depot Museum unveils latest exhibit LiveOnNews 9 FULL STORY :
Not Good : Border Patrol's Staff Shortage Worsens-GAO via MAGA TrumpTrain
Problem w / WaPo's Roy Moore story : 1 ) Mixing in non-scandalous claims of his dating younger women with 1 serious accusati
RETWEET If You Agree ! Judge Roy Moore Deserves Due Process & amp ; Jumping To Conclusions Is Wrong By The Left Wing Media .
Final death toll from Grenfell Tower fire stands at 71 as believe all victims of the blaze have now been iden
DEVELOPING : We're getting a first look inside a tow yard destroyed by a massive 3 - alarm fire near Charleston & amp ; I - 15
Which is your favorite Thanksgiving side dish ?
DEVELOPING : Crews are on the scene of an apartment fire in Scott Township :
Not everyone that makes an accusation is telling the truth . False accusers are not survivors . The falsely accus
USA govt worker hit with acoustic attack in Uzbekistan ...
Women could be trouble , sometimes men are better off without them .
Todays verdict of Kate Steinle is today's OJ Simpson & amp ; Casey Anthony . A murder was clearly committed , & amp ; killer got off scott
It just keeps growing .
* UPDATE 12/5 / 17 : Victim 2 identified as : 33 - year-old Severen T . Clayborn ( M / B ) .
Hey GetTheBlaze or I will take my business elsewhere . Comcast
If Christian is forced to go against his conscience , thats the violation of his first amendment . MasterpieceCakeshop
Investigators working with have uncovered audio recording of "" an anti-Trump attorney "" offering an unidentif
Take a look at where the Southern California wildfires are scorching in real time .
Happy 94th birthday , Bob Barker . Here's why you rock !
Now that the cat is out of the bag with Fusion GPS the DOJ and FBI agents like Strzik all being in cahoots in the Trum
Six people killed and a seventh critically injured after a crash on a main road in Birmingham
Amtrak train derails on freeway overpass in Washington state
The Cause of World Evils - The World Tomorrow Telecast
Hillary Clinton popularity hits all-time low , poll shows
Dang . This picture right here . My dad's name along with the thousands of others on this stunning , beautiful , sobering , and b
I'm ready to turn up ! I need a shot or two .
Going to + Chickasaw + Mudd + Puppies , + Beggars + ... + at + Melting + Point + on + Sat , + Apr + 30 + http://zvents.com / e / Bw4gj / 5l
Perhaps Jeff Mangum inspired this Wheel of Fortune puzzle ?
This just in ... @KUAthletics Perry Ellis reclassifies as Freshman insuring he will remain oldest athlete in NCAA history . BBN
The flow of a typical week at Cougarboard : 1 . Sat - Go Fast , Go Hard ! 2 . Sun - Oh man . We suck . Bad . 3 . Mon - We'll be lucky t
Utah is now 8-3 down in Provo since 1993 . weownprovo ressouth
It's finally time ! First day of practice !
And the Jazz , as per tradition , embarrass the rookies Rudy obert and Ian Clark by sending out of the tunnel for warmups al
Utah's offensive coordinator position is becoming very much like the Defense Against the Dark Arts gig at Hogwarts .
26 years ago "" Pistol "" Pete Maravich passed away JazzNation UtahJazz JazzHistory
Keith getting ready for Senior Bowl in Alabama
Jus got DM'd and asked wat I thought of da Utes losing recruits 2 other in-state schools dis yr . I replied "" Some r made 2 b UB
You sure you bout that action ? UtahFootball QBU
Superman is the worst Superhero of them all .
"" Today , the players believe the commissioner has done his duty ... we're proud to call him our commissioner . "" - Kevin Johnson f
Congrats to former Eagle Tenny Palepoi on signing with the San Diego Chargers .
he's almost 5 . We've taken him to most of the marvel superhero flicks , most recently spidy . But this one seems more intense
So I've gotta send out my love to DWade for his Stockton to Malone socks . That's some good ju-ju !
Smart pick , You guys also know how to hire a coach . Keep up the good work . We'll be pulling for you .
agreed . But what's gonna happen if he plays like he did last year and has the "" max "" label ? Lots of fans will turn on him
Most underrated dude in the conference . Watch out PAC 12 nateorchard UtahFootball
Cool pictures of Matt from Fridays game . Check out the former Utah
Alex Smith last 2 years : TD-Int Comp % W-L-T 40-12 . 636 17-7- 1
Also , Utes back in the Top 25 ! It's about time ! IAmAUtahManSir
Tremendous call by the Utes on the play fake and with QB play improved this team is a true threat for the rest of the season
Las Vegas Bowl champs ! Travis Wilson runs for 3 TD , throws for 1 more as No . 22 Utah beats Colorado State , 45-10 .
Paul Kruger . Trevor Reilly . Nate Orchard . Last 3 UTES to play OLB / DE , all made ready for the NFL . Who's next ? Hope to a
Cheers theme song said it best : "" You wanna go where everybody knows your name "" AreUaUtahMan
they are all big time losers ! So have fun with that
Really can't get over this guy
whatever floats your boat pat . GoChargers
Dont post often , been around a while . Plenty of good fans out there to interact with - block / mute the lousy ones . Don't validate their trash
He gets it : "" There are millions of Bears & amp ; Bulldogs mascots out there but only one Ute us . Coach Troy Taylor
Thanks guys love you all
You said ass lol . And I'll play with you too if ya want
The new background for my laptop .
when and where ? Haha
I'm 150 pounds of good looking
About to enjoy an hour and a half of microeconomics . Alone .
Why am I stuck at school instead of hunting ? !
I think I will ...
is that a dream catcher on your arm ?
last I talked to the guy it was still running .
this if u think should be a good pal and come to my game tomorrow cmon helpagirlout RT savelives
August Alsina Is Just Perfect
I needa be on this bs more
A lot of realization just came to me
So , my favorite baseball player of all time officially announced his retirement . Thanks for the memories , Frank ! Go Sox !
Heck yes ! Great win
Go Jags ! Indianapolis Colts would secure No . 1 pick with Week 17 loss - ESPN
Duke scored on six of its first five possessions ? That is truly impressive . ESPN ChickFilABowl 6of5
Dont look now but the Sox are suddenly 54-56 . I CAN SEE . 500 FROM HERE .
The last thing I want to do right now is go to work .
Part of me finds the irony in a certain retailer's commercials about family meal time on Thanksgiving when the sale starts promptly at 6PM .
Even more stupid Cubs shit in my newsfeed than usual today . Not cool ! Thanks a lot Anthony Rizzo ...
Frank Gore just passed Tony Dorsett for 8th on the all-time rushing list .
Wish I was hanging out at Alexander Field tonight with
Do not dig the circular design on the front at all .
Just noticed Splash Mountain is down for refurb while I'm in the World . This makes me sad .
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an NYCC 2017 exclusive FLOCKED Orange Bird Pop !
Not a female Purple Finch ?
remember when a fan threw the larry love child on stage
Remember when this was trending HarryIsPregnantFromLouis "" the fandom vs modest
Harry se perdi en cuestin de segundos .
So let's not believe everything we read ,
we were crying our eyes out loud in the morning and by the evening its just LETSBUYONEDIRECTION
I lost all of my Vanity , When i peered into the Pool .. I lost all of my Innocence , When i fell in Love with you . xx
me after seeing all these zerrie pictures :
HOW ABOUT NO ! NoControlDay
mirror mirror in my hand who's the hottest one in the band TeenChoice nominee for ChoiceMaleHottie is Zayn Malik
All of us outing them to the world and explaining tattoos beards closeting etc is a very ugly part of their coming out .
I always hear that the high note of Zayn in Steal My Girl EMABiggestFans 1D
Harry is so disgruntled that they played it again . and Niall is me . MTVStars One Direction
It's a beautiful night , we're looking for something dumb to do , hey baby ... I think I wanna marry you .. :D
What I've learned so far tonight : America is WAAAAAAAAY more sexist than it is racist . And it's pretty fucking racist . E
This woman is my fucking hero
It makes me uncomfortable when someone says they're proud of me . I never feel like I've done anything worth being proud of .
It's looking good ! I only know how to knit scarves lol . I'm gonna knit a bunch then donate them to a homeless shelter . :)
Oh that makes sense actually . I just couldn't get past the fact that I apparently should marry a turtle . lol
If pineapples float in water , how does Spongebob live in a pineapple under the sea ?
OKAY HOLD ON I'LL LOOK . SOMEWHERE . I DON'T KNOW WHERE BUT I'LL LOOK .
Not sure whether to watch a movie or go to bed ( ... at 6:30 pm )
She used to be the protective one who watched over the others . Now she's , as you said "" the cautious one ""
Whoa okay goodbye random large chunk of followers o.O
( I'll stop tweeting you after this I realize I'm being annoying ) Sooooo would you like copies of my books ? I have extras .
I was expecting to see 4 guys squished into a pickup truck . I'm very disappointed in you . ;)
Be yourself ; everyone else is already taken . Oscar Wilde
I voted , and I shared it on twitter . No need to return the favor ! :)
Not entirely sure why I'm getting emails from Viagra ...
It's MONDAY ! As a reward bravely facing the day & amp ; for having impeccable taste in TV you get to watch TONIGHT
I'm sure you will someday lol Happy Friday to you as well :)
Sometimes people are just absolutely horrible . ( Okay more than sometimes ) . Feel better and stay strong WeLoveYouMisha
It's really amusing , I love it
My mom just got a burn on her face from steam that came out of a tortilla . ....... wow
Thank you for bringing back Jody , Alex & amp ; Claire - our WaywardDaughters ! I love seeing more ladies on Supernatural !
My cause of death is probably going to be somewhere along the lines of getting mauled by a bear while trying to give it a hug or something
No because I live under a rock and had no idea it was happening * sob *
I honestly wouldn't be surprised if my chickens literally fought to the death over a grape . They're obsessed . And a little addicted .
Believe it or not , you're actually supposed to stop at a stop sign
I will forever be in love with this picture of Pepper ( my rooster ) . He was a little over a month old here
A small fly just fucking committed suicide in my eye
One lie is enough for me to question everything .
Evidently , trying to get an ox to go anywhere you don't want him to is a bit difficult . Tug on the lead all you want , he's not budging .
Idk why but I find it very calming to brush cows and oxen It's just nice overall . Even when a cow decides she's done and tries to impale me
It's just sad that I started with 6 and then only 3 of my babies made it to their 3rd birthday
First sober birthday since he was a kid ! Happy 26th Bryan !
I'm in the dfw now .
Petition to Demand DOJ Investigation of Soros-Funded "" Protests "" via
On Banning Huckleberry Finn HuckleberryFinn ToKillaMockingbird via Ignorance once again !
Obama and Josh Earnest are two of the biggest idiots in the country . Russia had nothign to do with the election .
Obama Said America Wants Him Back for a 3rd Term : Heres How America Responded via ROFLMFAO !
Juanita Broaddrick Takes On Meryl Streep , Hollywood For Not Learning Their Lesson Way to go Juanita ! Tell the hag !
Madonna Offers Oral Sex in Exchange for Hillary Clinton Votes via
Clinton : ' This is not who we are ' She needs to shut up and mind her own damn business !
VIDEO : Trump Supporter Beaten by Anti-Trump Protesters at Portland Airport
You are a disgrace to the acting profession wanting to punch the President in the face , maybe someone should teach you
Trump Responds Immediately To 9th Circuit ! ! via
Actress Goes Off On Ivanka Trump About Working Mothers : & amp ; #8216 ; Making A Mockery & amp ; #8217 ;
Is Obama's Shadow Government Real ? via
If You Find A Shirt Wrapped Around Your Windshield Wiper , Don't Touch It ! Here's The SICK Thing via
You , filthy , disgusting piece of whale shit to talk about the President . When you do die it will be hard to find 6 pallbearers
Why has Governor Jerry Brown Abandoned California ? via Moonbeam is an idiot always has been !
We have a POTUS that will hold Iran accountable for every 1of its dirty nefarious deeds . No more bundles of cash from BHO .
Judge Jeanine - Bharara Huge Ego Makes It About Him , Not The Office He Serves
(8 6 ) Timeline Photos via
Gorsuch's impact on divided Supreme Court will begin immediately
Football and Baseball . Also took fencing , archery shooting , swimming , vollyball and softball .
Petition Demands That Britney Statues Replace Confederate Memorials via Ignorance is Bliss !
Clinton Employee Who Exposed Child Trafficking Found Dead via HRC scores another body for her mantle !
ABC Host Kimmel Falls Apart On Air , Turning DARK As He Gives Full Threat In Front Of Millions
Breaking : FBI Finds Documents Related to the Clinton-Lynch Tarmac Meeting [Video] via
USS Ronald Reagan Scrambles Jets After Russian Bomber Gets Too Close Way to go Reagan , Russia Beware we don't play !
After MSM Slams Trump on 2nd A , Hero Dad Saves Daughter from Being Kidnapped Using Gun CNN
Clarence Thomas Blasts Other Supreme Court Justices via Good for you Justic
You are a pompous ass and retard to continue to obstruct the work President Trump is trying to accompli
my niece love that movie
all my life , I seemed to be in the wrong place at the wrong time
i'm two quarters and a heart down and i don't wanna forget how your voice sounds
U are needed . I know its rough to be alone . U make me smile , and I love the way you make me feel . U give my soul , wings to fly .
I inhale words from time and space , and exhale them on to the page . et
Why do I do that to myself ? Lol dummy .
"" A gun's like a woman son , it's all how you hold her . ""
This new twitter update is pretty legit .
FINALLY sleeping in my own bed after almost 6 months ! Dang it was a lot of work to get here , still a lot to go .
I'm crazy for you too !
I'm glad you like them baby . I love you ! !
"" Small opportunities are often the beginnings of great enterprises . "" - Demosthenes
It takes 43 muscles to frown and 17 muscles to smile , but only 3 for a sniper to squeeze the trigger . RIP Chris Kyle .
While you boneheads are arguing over a flag , the government passes the TPP bill ... something that will actually effect your day to day life .
"" When everything seems to be going against you , remember that the airplane takes off against the wind , not with it . "" - Henry Ford
We don't need to make America great again . It's already great . We need to fix the entitled , offended by everything , safe s
Pandora is trippin ' right now like I don't want to hear any of these songs
so so so so soooo sleepy
t a k e i t e a s y
nooooooo ! ! You're too much of a bad bitch to have normz hair
I don't know how many times I'm going to tweet this but FIFA is literally so dumb
are you doing anything rn ? ?
When you couldn't pass the final level on tetris
s o o s l e e p y y
Waka Flocka Flame sifted through 60,000 resums to hire a blunt roller
Awww I love this , wanttoretweetsobad
there's a fucked up type of space among us
when the manager of the gas station tells the other employee that it's okay that I buy dutches ... "" But only her "" goodshit almost 21
stuck strunk ( dirty ) )
love that my neighbors r chill as fuck wakeandbake
I'm juss a high ass nerd who loves aliens n rap music
A day with the signs
Cause You Can Rent A Ho , But You Can't Buy A Bitch
When I order pizzaaa and the order comes out to 1738
I'm just gettin stoned .
I just got that too ! ! I hope you have an amazing time in Florida Miss you girl !
I do this for my family I always got the recipe This shit ain't fly enough Airplanes ain't high enough
The act of facing overwhelming odds produces greatness and beauty .
tried to learn to millie rock on set for salad dressing full music vid is live now
- After storms and whatnot , I'm a so ready glad to be back to a regular work week .
Well , just cooked an awesome dinner for my bequtiful lady . And now , she's playing CoD MW3 with me . Be jealous .
Holds tons of plants that grow is water . Will be a lamp soon . octoberphotochalle The Thicket of Solitude
I just earned the ' Newbie ' badge on
Just discovered ...... No calls please .
I just unlocked the Introduction to the DOM : HTML via
The story of Made With Soul in Atlanta design . A lesson in making it happen .
Staycation . Do it .
Wow - Just . Wow .
- Why no embedded video ? Slate seems to have a lot of potential , but no video is a major turn off .
No matter what they call him , in our hearts he will always be BoatyMcBoatface
Obama's response to mean tweet on was perfect . More coming soon ...
Do you ever think about how awesome it would be to be a secret agent but then realize you just ate an entire ...
How do I invest ?
Don't you dare bitch out on Breaking Bad , Kaylea !
I heard this on the radio this morning LET'S GET HIM
You mean to tell me there are still people who type with an absurd amount of extra lettersssssssssss ?
SOS a tornado has ripped through my room please send cleanup crews to tackle this devastation
Am I going to get out of bed today is always the first question on my mind
It's been a hot minute since I've enjoyed ramen noodles goddamn
Then I could've busted your balls about being an artist it would've been a good time had by all QUICK SWITCH YOUR MAJOR
d'awww I love you too pumpkin
omg did I never tell you the story of how he C R E E P E D on me for an entire summer being thirsty as fuck
boo ! I miss you jdawg :)
Q U I C K GO TO THE LITTLE STORE AND GET MILK
OK CANADA MIGHT BE WINTER BUT WEAREALLSEASONS SO HAVE FUN WITH THAT MENTALITY BUCKWHEAT
john stamos has some serious passion for low fat and twice the protein apparently
do you think spiders target me more because I've killed so many and they're thirsty for revenge
( in case you were wondering this is what was happening to the left of us
this thought crosses my mind on the reg when I think about myself
some people naturally look like they haven't slept in weeks ( myself included )
THE READINGS THIS WEEK MADE ME WANT TO PUNT BABIES
oh ok are we on girl code or what
"" date a boy who thinks your jokes are funny and is slightly afraid you're going to snap his neck unprovoked ""
never thought I'd find working with elderly residents to be so entertaining and eye-opening but I get quality advice every day
hey everyone if you'd like to grab lunch or speak to me on a regular and consistent basis I suggest you get it in before sims 4 hits mac osx
is mr d still teaching at nms
especially for irontown home of the miners are you kidding me
Being gay isnt a choice , but living in Indiana is .
side note at the same time I was drooling over this game I was also drooling over LA noire
I think I have jesus camp and tbh that's timeless and if they want it back they can pry it out of my cold dead hands
when people think you're a basketball coach but you're actually Frankenstein
ok halez sure you do
yes it did work . If it didn't for u just means u were to late
I have been taking surveys and am receiving a Check for $ 162 . Join me for free !
{ { Another pinner said .. } } Pecan Pie Cake Ok people , you've been warned ! This cake will make a grow
My friend introduced me to them :) I've been hooked ever since a couple weeks ago :D
Sexy Niall Horan made me want to learn more about my Irish heritage :D I love you sexy Niall Horan :)
Could you follow me and my mate please ? ? Cheers :p
Liam dreamed about me because he was hungry ;)
I nominate for a Shorty Award in foodtruck because ... she is an amazing person and also one of the grea
EVERYONE GO VOTE FOR 1D ! 1DToWinABrit Follow me maybe Liam ? ? Xxxx Tell Danielle I said hi :D
Hi :) How are you ? Just wanted to tell you that are really pretty Xx
I miss her like crazy :( Xx They posted pics of her at her wake on FB :(
Can you please follow me , and ? ? xx
Well , I don't know if the girls are going to stay living with me after we finish uni so ..
Barking louder at dogs to show them who's boss .
Standing up for :) Was going through tweets with her mentioned in them and replied to a couple mean ones :) Yep , don't care !
I actually was looking up tweets about Perrie and Zayn , so actually I wasn't . I've never even met u before , so why would i ?
Does that one top say I Louis El ? ? lol x
Twitter is basically just you having a conversation with yourself hoping that someone else will respond or join in ..
follow me , and ? I got a burnt hand whilst helping mum cook
Happy birthday to one of my best friends love yaaaaa booooo ... The necklace better be appriciated .. ...
Sitting in a exam and all you can think of is song lyrics .
Dear Google , Thanks for always helping me doing my homework , you're always there , love you .
When the person I like talks to me
Tried to get him back ! didntwork
Aaron the type of nigga to borrow yo girl but only if she is okay with it cuz objectifying women is wrong & amp ; so is steali
Boys who play baseball :) Aaron Carpenter anyone ? ? ;)
I helped you out with your sister :)
How girls really wake up
Go big or go home with a rickshaw . Look like we need to do this !
Such a good night with and RupertGrint LosAngeles Actors Family
I know there is pretty much 0 % chance you'll see this . I turn 22 in 3 days and was hoping for a follow from any of ya ? ?
I'll be so disoriented if things start making sense .
doh ! i'll just miss you then . guess that means i'll see ya at the ballroom ! and i'll tweet whe ( cont )
soundtracking "" California Love "" by 2Pac , Roger Troutman & Dr . Dre
I am ! literally , I think . how did you know ? :)
neat ! glad i'm not the only one to find that disturbing & hilarious .
I unlocked the Hell on Wheels Premiere sticker on
J Sleep & D Peavy Twain's Billiards and Tap
I unlocked the The River Premiere sticker on
All class here . The Drunken Unicorn
( still not me . ) The jury is out : DVD arrived today . I need those arms !
Cinnamon on Brussel Sprouts . I suggest . fb
Very sweet . : Coca Cola Security Cameras :
All I want for Christmas . Seriously . coachella gimme
Yeah , sorry about that ... : A Sagittarius opinion is to always tell the truth even if it hurts .
That's it . I'm officially breaking up with meat . GetGlueHD FoodInc
These are a few of my favorite things . october autumnisawesome burts Burt's Pumpkin Farm
My house smells like breakfast . 7 hours later . baconbrownies
10 Modern Military Heroes You Should Know About fb
I don't run , but you might . : Vampire 5k Registration for One at Piedmont Park fb
6 , 22 & amp ; 23 ... yes . : The Typical Day Of A Teenage Girl In The Late ' 90s fb
Someone Painted Grumpy Cat On A Bomb fb
I helped . : fb
Whoa . : Chris Kelly , half of Kris Kross duo , dies
I've watched "" Afterbirth "" ( S1 E12 ) of American Horror Story ( via
Fresh pizzas made in a homemade pizza oven & amp ; Young Guns under the stars ? Yes , please . Best vacation
* speechless * ... breakingbad
A closet of nothing but yarn , 100 + airbrush / unicorn / mostly band tees & amp ; one random inflatable flamingo .
catsofinstagram kitty adopt rescue Good Mews Animal Foundation
This is the face of a thankful & amp ; awesome dude that got sprung from the big house today . He's crazy
King of dark fantasy . Summon today . App Store : Google Play : DarkSummoner
King of dark fantasy . Summon today . App Store : Google Play : DarkSummoner
King of dark fantasy . Summon today . App Store : Google Play : DarkSummoner
King of dark fantasy . Summon today . App Store : Google Play : DarkSummoner
King of dark fantasy . Summon today . App Store : Google Play : DarkSummoner
King of dark fantasy . Summon today . App Store : Google Play : DarkSummoner
King of dark fantasy . Summon today . App Store : Google Play : DarkSummoner
Lamb of God - Omerta ( Lyrics ) [HQ] : via
Im breaking up with my stove until cooler weather arrives . These no-cook recipes will save me ! NoStoveSummer
Check Out These Remarkable Reptiles ! My Results .
Cool clock , Ahmed . Want to bring it to the White House ? We should inspire more kids like you to like science . It's what makes Am
Best interviewer in the game , that Love McCrae but Spencer really drove this one .
Theyre called CREMAINS , Mr . Huckabee . CNBCGOPDebate
Take ten minutes and feel what it's like to fear for your life , and the lives of the people you love .
* whispers a plea for more sea creatures to be represented in BB18 casting *
Im pretty much going to love the shit out of whatever Coldplay cooks up tomorrow but Im very excited for dissenting opinions .
Pop pack is up .
Happy StarWarsDay from Darth Berg ! MayThe 4thBeWithYou
Got to see the roof in action at Safeco tonight . timelapse Safeco Field
Got up and down Boulder Canyon to Four Mile before the closure was announced . Phew .
He's talking about inner cities as "" them "" He talked about the laid-off workers ruined by trade deals as "" you ""
Have you been to one of your own rallies ? Hatred & amp ; bigotry are the main courses !
Video AND Text debut of The Closer : 176 Horrors : Why He Can't Be President . ht
I can't decide which I like more : when Drumpf RTs egg accounts or someone who lists a Patreon account in their profile that has no backers .
Powerful piece on the Latina women of Las Vegas working for a union and a Democratic president :
Unfortunately haven't made a trip down to NZ yet , someday !
Hipsta 365 6 Dobby Sergio / Manneken / Jolly Rainbo 2X
Disgraceful ! Iraqi interpreter for US Army Ahmed Nashmi + wife / baby were heading to USA on visa . Risked life for 6 years . V
This is the federal ethics law that just violated cc :
Yes , this is just a distraction , like says : pay attention to what they're DOING , not what they're SAYING . The story is the
Just got punched in the feels by Logan . Oof .
Audacious is refusing to meet with or hold a confirmation for Garland , you feckless turtle faced fool .
Hipsta 365 120 Franklin Hackney Apollo Hipstamatic
Got married . Was awesome . Highly recommend .
In the mood for some pizza after watching the eclipse ? Hit up IPIE today to support my brother-in-law
Take care , wishing you well .
Winnie Cooper is patiently waiting for AL results adorables
Bonds 762 * Aaron 755 * Ruth 714 * Mays 660 * ARod 660 * The asterisks are for PED's , amphetamines , & amp ; only playing against white
CC Sabathia just struck out Ryan Howard and Jeff Francoeur to leave two runners stranded . What a sentence that would have
Call immigrants rapists for a month = * YAWN * Attack John McCain and the beltway goes apeshit . Glad we got our priorities d
The way homegrown terrorism is going in America , I think Lindsey Graham might want to start by monitoring churches .
A bus . This man is describing a bus .
I , too , am willing to be 3rd in the line of presidential succession if everyone supports me and it's not much work
Growing up , I always asked : HOW could Nazi Germany happen ? After the past 10 - 15 years , I no longer ask that Q .
Man has car stolen by 18 - year-old . When it's recovered , it's got baby seat and is full of job apps . A decade later :
Yesterday it was a ticking time bomb . Tomorrow it will hold the location of ISIS HQ . Next week , Bluebeard's treasure
Russell Westbrook is dressed like Queen Latifah in the 90 ' s .
using this to judge soccer is like using a pile of dirt to judge pizza
Donald Trump and Kids Accused In $ 250M Tax Scam - David Cay Johnston
I thought it was bad when Trumpsanity made being a Republican have no meaning . Its far worse his campaign has made ALL wor
The little laugh in Obama's voice as he savages Trump's business career is going to drive Tweety McThinskin absolutely ins
this one is probably easier to read
Bannon a case study in how even most powerful people experience nothing like the scrutiny of a presidential campaign
If reporters aren't supposed to factcheck at debates , why exactly are reporters moderators to begin with ? Why not just have a
You won't sleep well tonight , my friend !
Its OK 2 judge people by different standards based on own histories . Also no one should concede until all votes counted
Philip Klein's piece suggests GOP strategy on Obamacare similar to debt ceiling : go over the cliff , blackmail Dems to acc
Cut off Trump's TV coverage and you'll break the spell . In print , he sounds like a head trauma patient .
Amazing . Sally Yates at her confirmation hearing answering her job-ending Q . Look who's asking . Via
Recommended thread on GOP senators and whether they are opposing Trump - lack of overt support is still damaging
Trump is a great salesman of the idea that he's a salesman . Ryan is a great salesman of the idea that he's a wonk .
Read this story by Pulitzer Prize-winning reporters and
I dont plan on reading this or perishing . Oh well ?
Lead editorial in today : Russia probe isn't about Trump - it's about our country , election system & amp ; democracy
It appears Ben Roethlisberger is upset over an incident in which he did not give his enthusiastic consent . It's the Year of P
Four stages of GOP scandal response : 1 . As the father of a daughter , I'm outraged . 2 . If the allegations are true , he sho
News anchor Sharon Reed responds on air to a viewer who calls her the N-word . This Atlanta Mayoral race has people fiesty
Now available on the App Store !
Hopefully tonight or tomorrow . It's in Apple's hands right now . :)
Please email : brody @wonderpolls . com to receive your code for the Wonder Polls Pro app
lol . Ok . I will figure it out soon and get back with you . :)
If you try to fail and succeed . Do you fail or succeed ?
let's get cirie some of that sia money Survivor SurvivorFinale
truly a legend who we should have seen blow HIMSELF up and not get unjustly TAKEN FROM US
But I still have like 50 eps of rhoa
It's 9pm what did you have the angel hair for
It's naval academy induction day huge influx of idiots in town
This is seriously the best music video I've seen all year . I'm not joking .
my fav already rose and slaughtered tbh behindthetimes
if u recently wrote a SpiceRoadTable review can u please link me ? ? cant find it but i thought i saw 1 / maybe it was just a tweet lmao
Dump your fuckboys , ladies !
TAURUS : irresponsible , ignores their own faults , cold , prone to be cruel and heartless , doesn't give a fuck about anythin
Wow . Don Lemon doesn't hold back .
Hmm there's not rly a plan , it's rainy and the lazy day of my 4 day wknd
One of my friends refuses to be converted and she's dead to me
She can and she WILL win josh the game !
Hes best friends w saish & amp ; hesstill so pressed abt me that if I go
here's a proper pic . Maybe the Madonna fans on your site can use a microscope to count the fans
I wish chapman nothing but the worst in life
grants stuck here and I'm starving
trying to figure out how much money i spent today is honestly not good for my health !
Ayanas last piece ( the big dress ) is prob my favorite individual look
1 . Throw away your calendar 2 . Break up with him so its one less gift 3 . Marry the grinch
Im dead at this worm segment ! ! I would not have blocked tbird for real
me trying to remember if devon has ever made a fire in his life
. @wjmcgurn : Even Worse Than Hillary Clintons Emails via
Hillary Clinton Campaign Manager Admits 2008 Birther Link via CrookedHillary Li
Such a great honor !
Former Miss USA Says Trump Was & amp ; #8216 ; Consummate Gentleman & amp ; #8217 ;
Come visit the Gulfstream Design Studio at NBAA 16 . Check out our all-new G500 seats , which offer customers plenty of p
VIDEO : TRUMP CREATED THE NEW YORK RAINBOW COALITION - JESSE JACKSON THANKS HIM 60Minutes Banon
' HE WOULD STILL LOSE ' Never underestimate the TrumpTrain MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Snowshoe Mountain Shows Off Getting Cupp Run Open . Check Out THIS VIDEO ! via
Obama got the Pentagons medal for distinguished public service I wonder what Sec Ashton Carter is really thinking MAG
Fake Bullshit Opinions and their writers crying the blues . I'm lovin it .
Newly elected DNC Chair Tom Perez advised Clinton to cast Sanders as candidate of whites to turn off minorities
University Of Berkeley Invites Ann Coulter To Discuss Illegal Immigration . What Could Possibly Go Wrong ?
SundayMorning I can name 10 ppl who've lost a big TV job over a remark . Not one was as vile as Colbert . But all were
Palestinian Authority Forces Christians to Fast in Public During Ramadan via
Virtuous maidens and mothers agree : Red Banner Cigarettes of Democratic Peoples Republic of Korea promote maximum fitness an
Show the entire tape FakeNews
WOW ! Brits Go Against London Mayor , Vow to Give Trump a Royal Welcome ! MASSIVE MarchForTrump PLANNED ! BoyScouts
Who is a better President of the United States ? ObamaDay
I DON'T care if "" white supremacists "" gather . I support the 1st Amndt . I DO care if they try to harm me . I support the 2nd A
What do you think of "" The View "" on ?
5 people followed me and 5 people unfollowed me / / automatically checked by
Keep your head outta the sand .
BRAVO Catherine Herridge : Cathy bombards a Guilty Loretta Lynch w / Questions on Sabotaging Hillary Clinton investigatio
Without immigration Democrats would cease to exist . Anybody who has lived under Democrat rule understands they actual
"" First Do No Harm , "" a film based on real-life events , shows how a ketogenic diet was used to cure epilepsy .
Washington Times released a piece exposing that the Fusion GPS , Russian dossier firm , paid journalists for work . Do you
Read this . Amazing .
The best thing about the Pluto image from NASA today is the silhouette of Pluto the dog right on it .
Strife / Full inquiry v Attack Hillary / Guess which one won ? Suit Over Firing Exposes Strife Within Benghazi Panel
It also apparently makes him of a kind with the people who have become his constituents . That may explain his success .
it's a Nick Adams double feature . NoTimeForSergeants coming up . When I was 6 yrs old at a Satday matinee it cracked me up tcmparty
No barrels were harmed in the making of this movie . tcmparty
Not a breadstick . Scallion . That's why Bill bites one too .
I sure hope Venus wins her match before Cimarron starts . tcmparty
This is a hold up . TCMParty
True . Breen had just taken over in 1934 the year this film was released . Tcmparty
It's amazing how she keeps up with these guys . tcmparty
Tony Gaudio should have won for cinematog . Up against huge competitors including Mate , Howe , Toland . George Barnes won-Rebecca . tcmparty
So Van Helsing was the source of the Godfather 3 haircut ! Dracula tcmparty
You may not think it's a horror film but keep an eye on Gene Tierney . In this film she is pretty darn SCARY ! TCMParty
Last hour cast doubt that FBI could screen all emails so fast . Now she congratulates for accomplishing task . Really ? msnbc
No way to prove it but the Carrier deal feels prearranged like Mark Burnett style "" reality . "" #msnbc
That's all right he'll get his comeuppance later when he takes a nap on an excelsior bed . TCMParty WrongMovie
A friend from KY tells me McConnell's event was not a town hall but Anderson Co . chamber of commerce luncheon . inners msnbc
I never thought of it before , but NoraPrentice has echoes of Der Blaue Engel TCMParty
I was just thinking the same thing . TcmParty Hitchcock 50
Tell me plz : WHEN did Bernie become a DEMOCRAT ? Did he join the party ? Has he shared his list with the party ? Why do we kowtow to him ? AMJoy
Hats cover his pointy ears . Like Spock when pointy ears would make him stand out . Nosferatu
Being held while you're sleeping is the best feeling
It is too hot for it to be raining .. Kus I cannot deal w / continuing to wear this raincoat .
My eyes are starting to burn .
Imma have a positive night . Because I swear I'm tired to be disagreeing & amp ; too tired to talk about anything feelings wise ..
Bruhhh . I have to pee SOOO bad .
My body is so sore it's really ridiculous .
I just wanna be loved .
I wouldn't care if we don't or do !
Idc . I ain't risking my relationship over ANYBODY or ANYTHING .
Finally about to get up . Because I'm feeling starved .
Bruh it's sad bekus I didn't even click on the song , all I had to see was the caption & amp ; DMX
New week , new tweets , new stats . 7 followers , 6 unfollowers . Via good old
You need to check your kik more often !
I am not in the mood to start back classes .
I can't even eat right . This mess hurts .
Now I'm actually wishing my ma would pick me up later tomorrow afternoon .
When you think you got one more braid left but she part that joint into like ten more sections blacksalonproblems
Idk why I'm so annoyed .. I actually had a good day yesterday .
Man all I want to do is take a 2 hour nap . Can't even do that . I already got less than 4 hours of sleep this morning .
Still physically tired but have been trying to go back to sleep unsuccessfully for the last hour
I'll still be paper chasing though . I'm just tired of class work & amp ; studying .
If somebody acting like they don't want you then they don't , actions speak louder then words
We are standing with Colin , speaking up for the injustice he's facing , & amp ; supporting his good work . Been doing so since Da
Pray for him every night No matter what type of terms yall on
Pray and talk to God in good times and bad times
I swear I am about to start getting rid of things that do not benefit me or my health .
nah ... that is clearly , "" whoever smelt it , dealt it "" face
thank you . right now I'm fueled by need and anger . not a good combo .
I hate to say it but I kept falling asleep during opening ceremonies . Not sure if it was cause it was a Friday nite or just bored . sochi 2014
Believe it or not , work is at least a reprieve because I am too busy to think some days . But then it hits me like a brick out of nowhere .
Caleb reminds me of Meatloaf
its amazing to me that you were so floored by singing at Oscars . you know you have more talent in pinky than some moviestars .
It really doesn't matter what you're feeling today ; the show m ... More for Scorpio
what do you hear about ? was saying it might be cancelled . No season 2 ?
Legendary actor Mickey Rooney dies at 93
DO IT AMERICA You can VOTE for and keep him around next week : idol
You think Simon is setting up to win this thing ? IdolFinale winner
sycycdsk 8 is my vote SYTYCD
They are cut from the same crazy cloth . I can see their name now .... #Ninco Frina GH
My boy Scott won but Jason deserved it too . I hope gives him a job too hellskitchen
The Santa Monica destruction scene in sharknado would have been cool had it not been 4 NJ destruction 2 years agp . toclosetohome
Go Ricky Go . He's surreal We our fans , soo we feel like following some of you who tweet right NOW using ImWatchingSYTYCD
Maxie & amp ; Nathan maybe There's a big date today on GH - - don't miss !
For men in suits h50 thankful h50hotties scottcaan danno mcg yummy meninsuits cbs
too funny . Guess he is waiting for more cake ;)
So good . A true star . RT Our youngest is up performing "" I'm Yours "" by Give it up for Daniel ! MotorCityIdol
That was the right decision . @QaasimOfficial is SAFE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! IdolSave
Omg this bounty hunter is too funny H50 H50Friday We need him back next season
Lucky is being held hostage by Jacks What could've brought Laura back ? Share your theories using LaurasBack !
There should never be a reason for players to have to post on Facebook about game issues . You should be proactively sharing
each time a look comes up , it should be voted on and count individually . Enough with these mass entries skewing results
Its LaPorsha's season . Send everyone else home CHILLS . EVERYWHERE . & amp ; just brought house down
Sorry ... we just didn't need another skinny white boy . Wasn't 5 in a row on stage enough ? We needed a powerhouse .
HappyDays , Laverne & amp ; Shirley : GarryMarshall Open to Sitcom Reboots via NO NO
ok , New Mexico here I come . Goodbye New Jersey . PIMACOTTONRULES ;)
tonites vote is almost as exciting as americanidol should announce the results .... dimthelights ElectionDay
Colin's reply to this situation made George Takai's Facebook feed btw
Mackenzie Edwards scores 1,000 th point early in 1st qtr . halftime score : Gaylord 27 , Traverse City Central 27
Crazy tourney Tweet of the day : Gaylord is hosting girls D Regional . If St . Mary moves on , they won't play there but rather in Buckley huh ?
NCAA Tournament Thursday . A tough day for a sports guy turned newspaper editor . Trying to keep professional production levels high .
The junction of motorcycles and the ministry :
The Gaylord 30 getting ready for gaylordmichigan . loveourcar
In Tuesday's news section : New business will replace salvage yard in Gaylord ; The buzz on honey making and more new teachers . onlyadollar
Lake Effect Snow Advisory for Otsego County in effect until 9 a . m . Friday . Per
- 17 F this morning . Not bad .
Ellsworth vs . Vanderbilt basketball game has been canceled .
End 1st qtr : St . Mary 10 , Inland Lakes 8 GHTSports
The Shock are on the clock ...
Cotton Neff TD run caps big drive for Blue Devils . Collin Watters with a big catch and run to set it up . Gaylord 7 , Grayling 0
Preaseason Big North Conf.co ntenders Traverse City West look to get back on track at Curtis Field :
Most of our 2nd O is in which mean Murray moves to A-back , he takes a power 79 - yards for his 3rd TD of the game . 49-7 ,
Tristan Gregory 2 - yard run caps impressive drive . Gaylord 42 , Petoskey . 35 with 8: 20 left . Can anyone get a stop ?
Cool hype video for Boyne City's game vs . Grayling tomorrow . Boyne's broadcast program is top-notch
Elk Rapids hits the Ramblers with a counter and Logan senteri goes 37 yards for a score . Boyne blocks the extra point , but
Reliving Petoskey's dramatic victory against Mount Pleasant in Saturday's district final :
Smith hits DeMull for a big 9 - yard TD pass . Refs initially ruled incomplete but convened and changed the call . 14-6 boyne ,
Makes both this time . EJ up 51-47 with 1:16 to play .
Near blizzard conditions and several inches of snow expected Thursday afternoon - Friday ! Here's the latest look .
Michigan Newspaper of the Year at MPAconv . Proud of our staff !
23-20 Boyne after a Ty Sterk bucket with 4:11 to play .
Boyne City leads Mancelona 7-0 . 6 mins remaining in 1st .
Petoskey goes for the 2 points conversion . Run comes up short . TC Central wins 28-27 over Petoskey .
Callery breaks a couple tackles and bursts ahead for 53 yard TD for SF . Buell PAT makes it 20-6 SF TCRE
Damage from the wind blew this roof off on Krys Road near Gaylord .
Looking for a reporter to join the staff . Would also write for the Petoskey News-Review . Email editor @gaylordheraldtimes . com
Joseph Baugh runs in a two-yard TD . Boyne City leads 13-7 with 5:01 left in first quarter .
Drew Long gets 2 yards on 4th and inches . Snowbirds have ball at St . Ignace 31 , down 22-21
these idiots parked me in . this is where i die .
okay I made french fries and didn't burn down the apartment so I guess that's good
omg here we go guys don't fuck up now gophers
do we all love free throw and tiny moving parts okay good
Lovin the ad Let us treat you like youd treatAHHH ! ! ! & amp ; you could win a $ 1,500 Discover gift card
How am I still alive with all this stress .
Moose Blood are potentially my favourite band currently and it's getting well out of hand
Listening to Pentimento is literally like taking a hammer and slamming it against your heart , but it still rules .
getting my sad boy acoustics on with and tonight
i will come get you if necessary !
Remember when I had malort ? Never trust
lol fuck you cam fuck you charlotte
that's what I'm here for
i've got this idea in my head that if we quit moving we'll be dead secretstuffemo The Meat Locker
something about the midwest increases my drinking and decreases my sleep
back room popping where my fest peeps at ? ! ? ?
I'm a National Champion ! ! ! ! ! I won the 2016-2017 National Mascot Competition ! ! ! ! NationalChampion 1 ImGe
New Jersey . Biggest show of the tour w / jamming 6pm . 2 stages
letsgopens ( at Pub & amp ; Restaurant in New York , NY )
y'all i lost my tank and life hasn't been the same since
This play resulted in a loss of almost 90 yards . HOW IS THIS EVEN REAL ?
yeah so then you can steal tum
the ultimate grbscore tour 2k17 hits brooklyn tonight featuring and thank you
....... and ...... The cavs cut him ...... cleveland
Well this is a rough morning / afternoon ..
yeah I still talk to all of them .. Trevor , ryan , craig , tone , all of em
Is mayonnaise an instrument ?
dude it was a blast though ! Worth every minute of this hell haha straightrowdy
Leo will pretend he didn't hear that ..
hmm sounds like you yesterday
GIVEAWAY HYPE 500 FOLLOWERS ! ! ! :
No stream today guys , I'm working on the h1z1 vodeo .
Bats LIVE on H1Z1 ! prayforfrance :
thanks to all who visited the Henderson today . Special thanks to all who helped with the fall clean-up ! #BetterTogether
UDL_HGSE 2014 summer institute is about to begin . Looking forward to learning together !
from presents at to Sanger County School District , CA about inclusion practices at Henderson Sch
Vote for this great project from Lizz Herson in the Teacher Innovation Grant ! TIG 2015
What if every principal put this sign on their door ? via edchat kidsdeserveit
"" It means that other people know my son counts "" . It is time we make this change happen . ( 2/2 )
"" Education breeds confidence . Confidence breeds hope . Hope breeds peace . "" - Confucius
Thoughts and prayers go to all those in Irma's path .
waiting for taylor's inevitable ' i dont get why we , as women , tear each other down ' tweet
catch these cold smoothie hands
is he dressed appropriately for work ? ... i mean .. thats a Lot of makeup what do yall think ?
this is such a powerful video ! ! we should never celebrate christoper columbus IndigenousPeoplesDay
im trapped watching this vine
Just settled a divorce over visitation of a parrot . Neither may teach it negative phrases about the other . I went to law sc
"" haha broke college student i eat ramen ! ! "" bethany you're in a sorority and u went to cabo twice last year please stop
Now wait a damn minute ..........
protesting is unamerican . this country was founded by us hugging & amp ; kissing an oppressive regime until it died from smiling to
why was this tweeted at 10am ? have you brushed your teeth or eaten breakfast ? do you wake up angry at gays , omg .
dentist : you need to stop grinding your teeth student athlete : Stop Grinding ? The Grind Never Stops No Breaks We Sta
stuffing my fat pussy with sage
Shoutout to the absolute designing legend who decided this was the last thing peasants drowning in their own bodily flu
In honor of Chris Brown's new movie coming out tonight here is what he did to Rihanna and why no ammount of musical talent
I haven't tweeted in three years . I was waiting for this to happen .
There is a cat outside with a bowtie I think he might be trying to sell me something
why do the olsen twins look even hotter as little people
Heartbreaking : Hibachi Chef Tries To Make Meal On A Regular Table
' Gordon Ramsey on cocaine ' was quite a misleading title a thought a was gonna see him wired oot his cunt chucking pans
That's me and Taco Bell
I dont know why Timmy only insists on selling furniture that will make my camp look like a snuff film
Finna pop my Pussy to decode by paramore
how will the shake / shuffle feature come into play during exercise ?
Happy Seth's Birthday ( Observed )
the article may be flawed in saying just eat a doughnut , but it does make a good point that even healthy foods are still high
they upgraded it on friday
interview this evening went well . it was at Panera ( not for Panera ) , but the office isn't built out yet , ran into unexpectedly
rain will just make it hot and humid
simplyinvoices has a better pricing plan for me , meaning the free tier give me more . plus , I gotta spread the love .
Win a Nikon D5000 ( or 5,000 photo scans ) from and Pls RT . Details here :
doing some contract work for them .
nice , answered my question during his reddit interview . mike , it's skwigger , like skater / wigger .
buy a $ 50 amazon giftcard get $ 5 for yourself . a great way to save on a purchase you already have planned .
and there was the Macbook Air , the AppleTV , Time Capsule ...
Firefox on OS X 10.5 PPC crashes every time I print , even with all add-ons disabled .
I have a lead on a FUNCTIONAL Microsoft Dynamics AX position . DM for details
right , but I can buy a smartphone unsubsidized , and just get data or voice .
I rarely get coupons in my email anymore
weird , there appears to be no korn on
Did You Know ? Walt Disney World launches more than 1,000 fireworks shows each year .
the aliens are $ 2.48 on shop.lego.com right now
lobby more than the corn industry
That's at the top of my ( 1 item ) list right now . Starts at $ 649 , and ships in 4-5 wks .
Go buy one and invite us over . :)
Maybe , I'll have to check my schedule ( and budgets ) . :)
Dear Mayor Emanuel , give us back our airport , ( signed ) General Aviation
- I agree . I like him less and less very time I see him play . He doesn't look like a Husker when he's kicking ppl .
. @jessitron I loved your presentation . Thank you for sharing that with us . rubythanks rmw
Ill trade you for a Google Wave invite .
Ive been trying for two weeks to log in to reload my card . app wont work . Cant login on website . 3 diff browsers on my mac .
I am , having the box delivered on 9th September , pulled out of my virgin media contract early due to the poor service , cost etc
Time to watch in the SB48 SuperBowl halftimeshow
Metallica - Nothing Else Matters [ Official Music Video ]
The weekend is here . Sweeeeet .
Man United lining up De Gea replacement hope this doesn't happen
I received a peer recognition photocontest
About to meet Mr . Wrestlemania
My Maddie Art Gallery !
Thanks to Issie D'Agostino she was the last to be interviewed for our local United Way video . Finally I can say ...
I posted a new photo to Facebook
Let's Go REDSKINS ! ! ! ! Eagles
Just watched a women with a broken foot win a gold medal in cross country ... amazing ! Sochi Olympics wintergames
The Rock ! My three favorites in the ring at the same time ! WWE
Today's United Way of Monmouth County Spring Tee-Off was a complete success ! Thank you to all the sponsor's , ...
Sharks .... why does it always have to be sharks !
I posted a new photo to Facebook
Red Morning ! Republicans take the Senate and gain 12 seats in the House ! Fantastic night . Congratulations America .
customer service was 100x better when you were CEO . Now is plain awful . I plan to never spend another dollar .
Dukie Good ! Really Good ! National Champs ! ! ! ! !
We're back Pitches . Kevin Fenstermacher wish you were here . watching Pitch Perfect 2 at AMC Freehold Metroplex 14
It's Madden season ! I already played it via EA Access , it's pretty awesome .
Truly amazing in here ToysRUs
Happy Life Day Everyone ! StarWarsHolidaySpecial
Checked in Citizens Bank Park for the phillies vs padres game w /
HOPE GRANTED ! I couldn't be happier for them !
I hope for the sake of people still affected by SuperstormSandy this forecast is wrong .
STAR WARS EPISODE VII : FORCES OF DESTINY
I just earned the ' Blue Point Home for the Winter ' badge on BluePointBrewing
Hey fellow sports fans , Join me , its free and fun and you could win a trip to Hawaii ! Win a trip to HAWAII ! ! ! ! ...
Bye Orlando and good bye UnitedWay friends New and Old . Had a great conference , met some new wonderful people ...
Let's hope . Someone has to look out for shareholders best interests because it is certainly not this
Do you have any updates for shareholders ? Any progress on submitting delinquent items ?
Jeremy , I am still in shock I was spoken to in that manner . I wish they would offer a co
One . More . Day .
people need to lighten up especially on April fools day smh shit going down in this world and the outrage is over a prank ? ! ? ! ?
Meetin up wit Stace then to walmart lol htc
SLIPPERY ROCK , Pa . Slippery Rock Universitys Vincent Science Center reopened Tuesday following a three-year ... ...
Cheshire Oaks I don't get this either ;-/
Who is this Florence ? ? ? Never heard of them before ... They could have picked someone like jossstone or someone better .. ,
Must leave twitter and go to work but first I need sheetzcoffee ! !
PeeWee Herman so gross why is he trending ?
I do not promote violence of any kind let alone a man hitting a woman but he paid his dues and he has to live with being a ' wife beater '
I know it's just hair you see why I'm mad :-/
Ugh . I hope I'm not getting sick ! ! ! Positive thoughts and energy ~ ~ ~
I wish Morris Chestnut was in every movie ;-)
Italian food ;-) well I'm white and I can cook so idk lol
Does any 1 remember the episode of familyguy when stewie keeps say ' whipped cream ' ? ? ?
Sleeping naked , one of the greatest feelings everrrrr
those'll eff u up !
It's so cold in my room but I'm keepin the fan on ! I'm in the snuggly kinda mood :-)
So happy I have 2day off ( eventho it's raining ) next Monday I start my NEW JOB ! ! ! ! :-D
since Snooks is preggers can Fez impregnate Deena and they can both have little baby BFF meatballs ?
That embarrasing moment when when you realize that person wasn't waving at you .
Lolol Textses ! "" @Andy : The plural of "" text "" is ... What ! ? ! ? RHONJ
YAS Ms . Ross !
Homosexuality was still classified as an illness in Sweden in 1979 . Swedes protested by calling in sick to work , claiming
Leave the past , live in the present , and have enough faith to believe ! LeaveItAloneBrain
Early . I get up early . Not sarly . I dont even know what that is ...
I had a dream last night and I was discussing what music to use for a soundtrack in a movie . That would be a hella fun job .
Spent some time with my momma in our lovely backyard . Now watching Modern Family . I love this show .
I just realized today that the Fourth of July is on Sunday . Sorry America . I have something else on my mind .
My dad called me to say happy belated Bday . He was shopping for a bday card for me . That 21 $ check is gonna come in real handy daddy-o .
At least you have a source of where it could be from . When I hear noises I'm like "" please let that be a cat or the wind ""
I'm listening to their new album now , at least . Can't wait till my physical copy comes in .
To help celebrate Halloween I am wearing XMAS socks .
Dear ABC Family , Thx for playing the Disney movies I miss . But I will not watch any Mario Lopez christmas movies .
Nothing like a lemon drop for Christmas
There's a strange man lady hanging in the girls bathroom . Me dwarfy senses are up and aware bewareorbesquare
Drinking a redbull to keep me awake while I study but all it's doing is giving me more energy to procrastinate .... damn ? ? whoopsie
( 706 ): I'm having a staring contest with a raccoon . ( 1-706 ): Where the hell are you ( 706 ): He's wi ...
I got a text from a friend that said "" I'm depressed , lol "" .................................... Seriously ?
I just contacted Rep . Doris Matsui to oppose SOPA / #PIPA - Join me ! wikipediablackout
iLikePeopleWho don't ask for stupid RT's
My pug can sashay his ass better than any supermodel
good thing her face is already flat
"" [ Let's not discuss rhetorical questions ] means I do not have an answer , so I will just talk about something else .
I LOVE ! Live grammynoms ohsoswiftly
It is so damn cold in my office . I need a parka to continue to work in here . brrr
This chunk muffin is taking my blanket and pillow like its his . pug puglife puglove mushu bedtime
I hate my roommates so much , that they make me dislike their dogs . Especially the asshat of the two . likeownerlikechihuahua
Got my own desk and a name plate secondjob workinggirl busybee gettingpaid tired instacollage
I basically hate life right now . Personal and work . I feel fine , it's just the situations I'm in .
FULL FRONT ON VIEW OF VENUS Lady Gaga artRAVE these videos have been a mess monsters having too much
I hope no one in this line noticed that I farted . silentnotdeadly
free mixtapes and free meet n greets .. ive earned EVERY fan .. I aint outchea askin no rapper or producer to put me on .. C
If I can understand less than half of the trending Twitter topics , does that mean I'm old ? oldsoul feelingold
If can read a guy like a magazine , does that mean he's full of ads . He says things like "" There's a new Dior fragrance out . ""
Netneutrality preserves the freedom of information we all enjoy online . Say no to Internet censorship :
excellent work you are doing .
Lsu is 6-4 , has only beaten one team with a winning record , but for some reason beating them jumps UF 8 spots
hmm on a message board someone just pointed out Coach Brew's last 3 follows , stalkerish but .. FAU , Texas and Houston
Fwiw every elite 2018 Qb is already committed somewhere . But NSD 2018 is a long ways off
That's two huge muffs by noon he doesn't need to return punts ever
Growth . Resiliency . Evolution . Victory . This is Florida State . ASeasonWith season finale TONIGHT 10p ET
Something special is going to happen in Tally . GoNoles NoleNation Tribe 17
When did he change it from 4 to 330 and from ESPN to ESPN 2 ?
yes sir he said the same thing 6 hours ago , and repeated it 15 mins ago
Surprised Dalvin is falling so far
Five-star FSU target and No . 1 2019 OLB ( No . 6 overall ) Owen Pappoe from Georgia is also here at Jimbo Fisher camp . h
I understand coincides with FSU posting grades on Tues / wed , and Fisher is closing practice probably before anyone finds out , but still
Whoever that was clearly can't cover Ridley
If you're assessing damage how did the stores in my area get power but none of the houses
Easiest way to keep players from spitting on your logo at Midfield ... win the damn game
I've seen it all now they review the penalty and said there was no penalty and gave him the play
All Blackman does is throw 4th - quarter touchdown passes .
Fisher is pleased as McFadden ranks 51st among 59 players who qualified for the national statistic . He avgs 4.3 yards
Hope Fisher has whatever he was going to do coach wise set up , because there is about to be a bunch of staffs shifting everywhere .
If he gets let go , hes owed his entire contract 44 mill left right now .
Crazy no one can cover that little guy
I think for some people it's everything else they've heard rumor wise , and now you add this on top of i
Top 5 assistant pool in the country at that .
Either levitt going to come or he's going to try and get Elko from Notre Dame he's going to try and grab Duggan's f
Cant wait to be back in Doak next year with all of you !
I dont or players , my timeline couldn't handle that .
Tribe 18 is going to be like the 2007 that entered the playoffs as a wildcard & amp ; heavy underdog , that went on
Like I said though no one has much of an idea , just names I've seen mention ed
Not into small victories . Make no excuses , blame no one , Do something .
Not saying it isn't true , as Newsberg says he is the top target . But that account is not associated with 24/7 sports .
people need to get off soria . The Royals never deserved to win this game . It's easier to forget the times he's saved our ass .
We got The Megatome & we are the smartest . gotmegatome sworcery
are worried about people being too critical ? If you don't like to see the negative then quit keeping score littleleague royals
They do it by hand , it can takes weeks or months .. :/
Played Halo : Reach ( 360 ) and Super Meat Boy ( XBLA ) in the last 24 hours .
Lost in the euphoria Gary Pinkel ties Don Faurot with 101 career wins at Mizzou
I try to give the refs the benefit of the doubt but seriously that's was bull Chiefs
just go to the counter and tell them how much . One hour later you're good .
really doubt Brady cares about 100 grand .
12 months of Live . to enter . Draw tomorrow ! Xbox
Last one ... I have a senior at McKinney North , so I got to see Cujo first hand . Can they beat Aledo ?
wouldn't the "" University of Oklahoma "" come after Oklahoma state ?
The best of all UT hype videos .
almost as bad as the broadcast booth
TTU gotta be a win , right ? Our D held up against OSU , so I expect them to do the same against WVU
I love at McDonald's they inform you about the availability of braille menus using a picture . Even better , that sign i ...
gears 3beta , , please
Gow & Cod hands down
are you guys having problems with Xbox 360 connecting to ea servers ?
agreed , , that's ridiculous
You will absolutely love BF3 , give it a try
no service for elite app on Android
keeps sayin pending , , for 25 minutes now , , are there problems with pass holders
while we are waiting can and or should we download this patch for 360 , to save time when up a d running
playing on 360 and there r no vendors at iron demon
it's not op , , it's a great gun , , any gun that a majority uses people cry and whine it's op
What happened to your plans to post Titanfall ? ? ? Awesome game , ,
Iron Banner is awesome , , I don't understand trying to get great rewards that we can't use and can't keep ,
to bad psn has been down for 4hrs on Christmas day , , AWESOME
1:15 chance my ass ! ! I just spent 215,000 credits and still no color fett ! ! ! So much bullshit ! ! ! !
I had 2 new galactic ships , I traded 1 & amp ; now my remaining 1 disappeared , I just bought 1 & amp ; it's not showing up
I just noticed that there is no mention of any awards for any of the new marathons , , , , , anyone else notice this , , ? ? ?
Galaxy Divided ? ? ? ? ? ?
waiting for my kids to go to sleep so I can sneak around the house and eat cookies :)
What a game for the boys ! BellLetsTaIk
Congrats Kuzy ! HatTrick RockTheRed
Congrats on 500 games ... Absolute class act of a guy whew oshbabe
Vacation has started ! lakelife tygartlakewv Tygart Lake State Park
Let's Show Respect For Our New Hero , Judge James Robart , Who Just Temporarily Blocked President Trumps Travel Ban Nat
The school library provides students with choice and challenge beyond the curriculum and beyond the classroom SLJSummit
Veterans History Project : DiggingDeeper 15
I just supported World Prematurity Day on / /
Just posted a photo The Simpsons Ride
Aww to you too :)
Bloody loving Sherlock ( tv series , not film )
the trailer is like 90 % classical music , asshat
Looks really great :) Any ideas of when it might be available here in the UK ?
1993 : WWW . 2004 ( 11 years later ): Web 2.0 . 2015 ( 11 years later ): we wrote everything in javascript and literally nothin
lol - bro pages : ( like man pages but only shows examples ) .
yeah it probably will . Is it pos to follow your friends on it ? I couldn't see an option anywhere to do that ..
Experimental rootless container support now in Garden ( much credit to work by & amp ; - v exciting !
I wish more people were watching The Lottery . I think maybe because its on Lifetime , it turned a lot of ...
Video : bnaz : once upon a time | | ghostbusters youtube blocked my video worldwide so Im uploading it here
Photoset : FIERCE FEMALE OF THE MONTH : DECEMBER THIS SHUTTERSTOCK WOMAN WHO SUMS UP THIS SEASON FOR ME
Five amazing things I watched for Charisma Carpenter and then legit became a fan of them - This list is a ...
I know I am going to get a lot of blowback from this post because I am defending a preteen girl but I need ...
[ [MORE] ] I know my god is a vengeful god because I got my period today . A week early ( according to my ...
bklynmusicnerd 95 : So I was re-listening to the RENT movie soundtrack ( because I like doing nice things for ...
shitpostgenerator : excuse me i am so homosexual I could be illegal
Random PSA - theprincesswashere : zeldawasmyfirstcrush : zeldawasmyfirstcrush : I just got reminded of this ...
Photo : reclaimingthelatinatag : Cristela Alonzos Fan Page
Photoset : knitmeapony : insp . [x] [x] fun fact the working title for this gifset was golden retriever ...
sassafrasfruits replied to your post : Okay , I need some honest advice , dont thats really shitty that she ...
OMG I AM SO EXCITED I AM GOING TO BE IN THE ARMS OF THE HUMAN I LOVE MOST IN LIKE 24 HOURS .
I voted for for Best Female Video at the 2015 vmas
I need some positive energy please - I just applied for two jobs that I would be PERFECT for and would be a ...
Video : nudiemuse : nobilisreed : thepoodlecore : 10/10 ; would bang . Sorry , but I like avocados . When I call ...
spidersaurus : dustywave : marylily 2 : You know that post about mermaids and how , if they were real , theyd be ...
Photoset : glorianas : I am flesh and blood but not human
HOLY FUCK . This white lady on the news ( 12News AZ in Phx , 10pm news on 9-23- 15 ) is blaming MEXICAN food for ...
Photo : titansofcosplay : Red Hood by GinaBCosplay
missyfleming : little marmaid insparation fanmix - she sang like a violin Early Morning Rebel Life ...
It was the most white misogynistic bullshit I have ever read in my life . I puked a little in my mouth .
so you want to read the star wars expanded universe novels but dont know where to start ? im here for you ...
leias : The Organa household was high-born and politically quite powerful in that system . Leia became a ...
BSB IS ON GREATEST HITS ON ABC TONIGHT . HAD TO LET YOU KNOW ! :)
kalany : swanbot : egobangbangintotheroom : I saw a post that was like mutuals =/ = friends like whoa okay I ...
alphabetizingsins replied to your photo FIERCE FEMALE OF THE MONTH : JANUARY CARRIE FISHER i miss her so ...
closet-keys : afloweroutofstone : mike-huckabees-large-son : my favorite meme is when conservatives are ...
Poor Chopper . Something must be wrong with his junk since he cant take his hand out of his pants . Wakey ...
diaphenia : iloveyouandilikeyou : fulltimeprocrastinator : clubgetright : Found a bunch of cash in the ...
so blessed to share a bday with the constitution of the united states . happy 229th and happy 20th to me !
that was our prime ..
Yea I know two has a W in it , Trumps just holding onto that one
i can't wait til north & amp ; saint west , mason , penelope & amp ; reign disick , and dream kardashian alll have a show about their lives .. lmfao
2017 a lot of people gonna wake up . promise
Fishing for crabs backstage at Snap :
You've probably never seen this video because it doesn't fit into the Kanye is a lunatic narrative . But this is why I
21 Savage , Sza and Metro Boomin Are Immortalized In Clay For The Brooklyn Museum :
Sin sueno y manana a perderme los juegos :@
Me tiene loco este tlf . 3er reinicio . voy saliendo a planta .. kisses
Mier ... Correa llego en 3minutos del hospital donde estuvo secuestrado hasta el palacio de gobierno ... como q eran vecinos
Me encanta mcdonald y ponerle tareas a
quiero una cuca rai nao ...... despues de esta pizza tan solo me hace falta eso de postre ... si pasan por la lara-zulia me guardan una ! !
este mensaje fue escrito por . ( no se porque estaba en esa cuenta )
como se ve que estas en plena mocedad ! . creo que trabajare la otra mitad del finde largo .
a las 19:00 GMT / 14:30 Venezuela / 15:30 Buenos Aires / 2:30 pm Zulia
preguntasqueincomodan Eres del madrid ? ?
con este doodle me provoca trabajar para google .... asi sea de mensajero !
orgullosodemivinotinto porque fue un equipo que con motivacin , creer en ellos mismos y fe , vieron lo que son capaces de lograr .
Terminando un dia de guardia ..... Excelente todo .... inlove
Me han aprobado el unico hotel * * * * * de la ciudad ..... soylomaximo
Un pajarito ( ) me informo .... HappyModeOn
Extraando a ..... Pero este es mi regalo pa ..... Me la devolveis el viernes ! ! ! ! !
vaneeeeeeee ! ! ! ! ! .... meli y yo vamos a tener un baby con el favor de Dios ....
Con ganas de llegar a la casa , pa preguntarle a Que vamos a comer ? o Maana que vamos a almorzar ?
Graciasssss ! ! ! Que buena noticia ! Manana estar pendiente . Gracias nuevamente por su excelente atencin !
Hoy es el diamundialdelatierra ! Cuidemos nuestro planeta ! Aportemos nuestro granito de arena para vivir en un mundo mejor ! S
Venta desesperada del FC Barcelona por Villa . Parece mal negocio , pero era su ultimo ao de contrato y se debia liberar la plantilla ..
Pueden hablar con la Gerente o Sub-Gerente para dar respuesta a las personas que tenemos 4horas esperando en Agencia Ciudad Ojeda
Team Jamaica all day everyday JamaicaBobsled WinterOlympics Sochi 2014
The Kraken Roll > > cangrejo , aguacate , queso crema con topping de calamari , miel mostaza y trtara de limn .
SAN ANTONIO SPURS CAMPEN DE LA NBA POR 5TA VEZ . Final : Heat 87-104 Spurs .
Esperando el inicio de la pelea y ligando a Maidana , dificil mas no imposible
Work day unigas work air maracaibo lake
La AN de Venezuela declara crisis en el sector de salud , pero niega propuesta de atencion gratuita de 20 % de pacientes en clinicas privadas
Sabas que la capacidad de ver bien durante la noche disminuye a partir de los 20 aos ? CauchosYa
Anyone out there willing to gift some Southwest Rapid Rewards points in exchange for some fresh baked goods sent to your home ?
Come join Total Rewards , Earn and redeem credits at nearly 40 resorts and casinos around the world
Dreaming about your next Vegas trip ? Book our Semi-Annual Sale NOW & amp ; get 25 % off room rates :
Don't miss this great 2 complimentary Jubilee tickets package when you stay from here :
Looking For Las Vegas Deals ? Get 25 % Off Rooms And See Whats New On The Strip Total Vegas says ,
Come join PH LV Social Rewards Loyalty Program ! Earn points towards free rooms & amp ; More .
Id dip into guacamole over salsa any day . Are you team guac or team salsa ? TeamGuac
hot hot hot rates at harrahs "" Hot Rates , Rooms from $ 30 The Vegas Hotels You Want ! ""
Done with winter . Take yourself to hell , Triton , and melt while you're down there . stormTriton
I was nearly CRYING lauging at that pepper spray scene . BrooklynNineNine
Enjoyed learning these little-known facts about the Coke 5 - note melody CokeMelody
So you're telling me the dead just always carry around hundreds of feet of ship anchor chain link ? GameOfThrones
My church has done away with candle lit Christmas Eve services . Now , they give us glow sticks ! !
Definitely not in Africa anymore ... "" Forgot to use my wawa rewards card . Not sure how I feel about it "" - @LegitMaggit
Dear media , some of us are still literate . If you are too lazy to write an article and only have a video , I'll never visit your site again .
Police , Right Wing In A Frenzy Over Michael Browns Stepfather : via
Conor McGregor called out Gus for an interim title , because Jon Jones ' coke is so basic .
Maybe Rand Paul was right about vaccines cause mental disorders . Why else would anyone vote for him ?
Scott Walker is quickly becoming the biggest dickhead in the country , aka GOP nom for Pres .
This Public Bus Runs Entirely On Human Poop Converted Into Fuel via
is right . Only retards get asked to participate in polls : More Americans trust Fox News than Obama on climate change .
Twitter is cracking down on trolling . They say there is a red line to cross . What happens if you only troll from one side of the line ?
Please Bears , draft someone with White and Kevin in their name .
O'Reilly should have Layzie Bone on to discuss how he saved a guys life . rapperssavelives
Last Pass was hacked . Change your master password .
MMA Roasted UFC 189 via
Cell service is out across the Southeast . I bet that the NSA is pissed .
Greatest thing I've ever seen in my life
RIP Erik Roner . Hopefully Travis Pastrana only does auto racing from now on .
Holly "" Buster "" Holm UFC 193
I have to admit that I don't pay the roadies on Guitar Hero Live .
Science explains Trump ? Monkeys with smaller sexual weaponry compensate with louder howls .
And on the seventh day Americans rested but pass on religion , poll finds
Isn't that a picture of the notorious liar Breitbart ?
This was the TUF crew's favorite season . They didn't have to hold the boom mics way up in the air .
After hearing about impeachment rumors , Louis Gohmert , said he'll bring ice cream since someone else brought the cobbler .
I only get paid to do science . Myself and all of my colleagues want that shit left in the ground . Green jobs = trillions of $
The NBA would have a deeper league if they didn't let the NCAA borrow their talent for one year .
18 years for 18g of cannabis . legalizeit Judge Denounces Outrageous Marijuana Sentence via
Can you hack it to watch porn ? Have some standards Lee . I am just busting your balls of course .
BAMBI BEE 12 MONTHS IN BOARDING no one is coming for her left abandoned in a house LosAngeles INFO ht
YES ! Gojira is my 2nd favorite band and Meshuggah is my 3rd .
RIP Oil industry . YES ! This stunning statement from General Motors will keep Big Oil up at night via
The Born To Lead solo is life .
A Scientist Spilled 2 Drops Organic Mercury On Her Hand . This Is What Ha ... via
race is a construct tear it - wait nvm
some folks have had trouble donating through YouCaring , so here are some alternate pmt methods : cash app : $ mau
true detective 3 : back on my bullshit
I need that sweater to be fused to my body forever pls
my homies gf : so what y'all do today . us doing shit :
yes and I'm still feeling very fragile about it
probably a single , perfectly ripe strawberry painted with gold flakes and fed to her by the hand of god herself
Racism is working OT to try and distract us from the fact that Cardi B is about to beat Taylor Swift for No . 1 on Billboard
if u didn't rhyme plaid with dad u can KEEP IT
jared leto fully made a "" hurts like satan "" reference in the new 30stm song and the scariest part was that i listened to a 30stm song in full
no offense but i want this man to ruin my life
that audio clip is devastating .
St . John , an island in the US Virgin Islands , has been without power since September 6 . Please keep loving & amp ; supporting u
when homeboy comes through with vs when he comes through with THEeEeESE
what dj envy likes literally doesn't matter and isn't our business . he sexts like a dead fish tho .
wait , if I'm dressed as Wednesday does that make you my real parents ?
not to be dramatic but this picture Taika Waititi blowing bubbles at Jeff Goldblum saved my life
if you crop d * plo's smelly ass out this literally looks like a pic of the cousins who live far apart reuniting on thanksgiving
My dramatic ass giving my friends relationship advice :
hrc's social team is missing out on the opportunity to drop several fire memes on the tl
these are their stories .
So many Americans rely on NetNeutrality every day to study , work , organize & amp ; create . Make no mistake : efforts to repe
mood : kyrie irving doing all of the parts to La Vie Boheme in the celtics locker room
I TURNED ON WWE TO SEE WRESTLING NOT THIS BULL
You can take a picture with your kids once a month , you're still a cunt and a shitty mother ... pathetic
I'm so disappointed in him . :(
guess that's why he makesy gaydar go off every time I see his bitch face .
this would make an amazing Sims house !
By show of hands , how many of my readers have their Randy feels back ?
Time to write like a slut on dick .
romo needs to go . But I wonder if it's him or his support on the field .
isn't doing it himself because he doesn't really know how . I doubt he knows how to cook and I doubt she's ever made him a
what hand is it on ? I saw a few pics this weekend where the hairband was on the left ring finger .
Summer ..... WTF BITCH ? !
I have that feeling , but I think it's because I hit my head really hard . :(
I thought new emojis were supposed to come out in July . We were supposed to get a middle finger one .
Is it frowned upon to go to bed at 7:30 ?
Can you actually clothesline someone who doesn't have a neck ? RoyalRumble
it's not wrong , I laughed so much last night .
LMFAO ! ! Mizzy , I actually love you right now !
THAT GIRL IS SUPER FUCKING ANNOYING ! GAHHHH ! ! !
I guess it'll have to go off a taller building .
Wow bitch , just fucking wow ! You cunt faced skank bitch .
Sophie Turner , AKA Sansa Stark , adopted the dog that plays her dire wolf in ' Game of Thrones . '
OHHHHH SSSSHHHHIIIIIIITTTTTTTT ! ! ! !
UFC interested in Aldo vs . McGregor , Rousey vs . Tate 3 at AT & amp ; T Stadium in Dallas UFC 190
Hate the fuck out of this !
He's unbelievable . He's just bitter .
$ 500 sea bass ? You're a fucking tool .
RIPChyna We all love and miss you . We're also angry that you didn't get the recognition you deserved . You were truly the best .
My dad used to have all this bad 70s porn . Lol
trying to get my bro to take the sorting quiz now and this ingrate isn't cooperating
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with AskDaBall ! app
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with WhoDaMan ! app
Everyone agrees you are the best ! TapDaCookie
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Tap Da Cookie Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Pick up Lines .
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with NameDaPresident ! app
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Flip Da Coin Android .
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with AskDaBall ! app
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with HonkDaHorn ! app
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Guess Da Number Android .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Name Da Flag Android .
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with GuessDaNumber ! app
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with SwapDaGem !
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with SeeDaSights ! app
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Guess Da Number Android .
Um , I can't even get a single point in SplatDaBat EpicFail app
He who asks a question is a fool for a minute ; he who does not remains a fool forever . TapDaCookie
When you text on me , you do with such an air of confidence not seen in other people . DaDailyCompliment
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Splat Da Bat Android .
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with GuessDaNumber ! app
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with NameDaPresident ! app
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with HonkDaHorn ! app
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Flip Da Coin Android .
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with CutDaDeck !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Who Da Man .
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with SeeDaSights ! app
Check out Cu Chill . They're giving away $ 250 cash to help spread the word . Check it out ! via
Yum ! Making this with hot coffee splendasavvies sponsored
Id get the best tan if I win Lucktastics Cruise to the Bahamas !
$ 100,000 could be mine in the Lucktastic Cash Blast contest !
Im having a blast because I could win up to $ 100,000 !
I'm in love with world . Through the eyes of a girl who's still around the morning after .
Ain't gonna lie to you dog , I listen to Kendrick's Control verse almost everyday .
Warm tequila and cold rice
I can neither confirm nor deny this
Lick my butthole and call me Daddy while we watch Star Wars and listen to rap music very loudly . HowToBeMyValentine 2014
fucking Zappa . The boy
That uneasy feeling when your stomach tells you that the next hour will end in an unpleasant trip to the bathroom . ItsHappening
they can't stop you today ! Someone's waiting for you to fuck them in the ass , they just don't know it yet
I'm really passionate about pudding
Fuck space . I'll stay here on earth , smoke myself stupid , and play EVE on a huge monitor . PROBLEM SOLVED . whosyourdaddybitch
that's a little harsh tbh
Just got paddled by an angry german woman ..
agreed and he didn't just lay on him , he was looking for positions and submissions . Well done .
I would rather do your homework for you
I lied . Im watching Thinner again . It's still streaming on Netflix . It combines my two favorite things : oral sex and v
That fight was embarrassing to watch Bellator 149
My sisters are the fucking best . They can beat up your sisters .
prolly cause we always posting pics but that's cause your my distant from anotha mista
I'm the realest dude you will ever know .
one of the greatest pandora
The key to life is not giving a fuck
Some things u just cant hide from ...
dude that's so true lol if I had anything personal and had anyway of them I def would
WeCantDateIf You don't like sports .
I made no points beside u knocking kobes skills son ! !
also Kobe got more votes so ur argument is "" invalid "" lol
Referee getting attacked by team for giving freekick .
u put wilt and Duncan over Kobe thats the dumbest shit I ever herd
he got Duncan over Kobe this dudes an idiot
Y'all act like everyone is just supposed to have iPhones .... stfu
"" @nasagri_dinks : Fuck her right in the .... He's back !
for Nicki Minaj . FAV for Iggy Azalea .
Aaron and Russell both under 20 points thats no bueno
When the cashier doesn't believe your money is real
Looks like we need a new coach already hell put fucking Kobe at Coach hes doing it all anyway ! ! !
me because that was never a comparison to basketball ? ?
tryn to take over them patriots lol
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up - Babe Ruth .
My niggas make they money just to spend it . Free my nigga Fletcher
When hoes talk about other girls being hoes yal doing to much , yal need to chill out .
eller att inte bromsa sista metern fre korsningen s man inte vet om bilen kommer att stanna ht
Vis--Wik : an open source tool to explore Wikipedia's cross-language link network
Seskar den 25 maj 1917 : Dyrtidsmte p Fokets hus urartar i brdplundring platsr dagensdatum br
Korvglassen r hr ! Ack Vrmland
Nsta vecka slpper tredje avsnittet av K-podd dr vi pratar om JBBs hst Andalus ! Vi har rntgat den :)
P intervju : - Kan du beskriva dig sjlv med tre ord ? - Effektiv .
r det inte frvnansvrt ofta som illustrationer med pusselbitar faktiskt inte bildar en helhet ven
Hej Kommer kvinnor att kunna resa under sin rtta titel hos BRA , eller blir vi fortsatt bortgifta ?
"" Jag skrev ngot i ett program , men nu nr ett annat fnster ppnade sig ver vill jag sjlvklart skriva dr istllet . "" Sa ingen ngonsin .
Vi sker flera medarbetare som ska jobba med handlggning och kvalitetsskring av information i FMIS . nyttjobb
22 lag r klara fr H4S men det finns ngra platser kvar . Vi frlnger anmlan till 1 februari hack 4swe
Sknt att f mina misstankar bekrftade . Gravt obehagligt foto fr vrigt .
Lite psklsning ? Magnus letade upp ett runspnne men tolkningen r nu oviss .
How to communicate with a child that can't read ? French father drew a letter from the front .
Det finns fr f Alf-giffar .
Jag sg just att vissa bilder r fr stora i Kringla ( iaf i Chrome ) - r det ett knt problem ?
Fantastiskt ! P nya patientwikin ska OCH patienter anhriga skapa info svmed
I don't think I've ever turned in a manuscript that wasn't tea stained . That was a high five , not a slap .
"" [Kvinnornas] upplevda smrta mste vara hgre n mnnens fr att personalen ska notera det i journalen . "" fempol svpol
Artikeln Menkieli anses behva sprkvrd . Kan du hjlpa till ?
Fr tidigt fr semesterstngt ( oftare i feb ) p de flesta stllen skulle jag tro . Ngot srskilt du r intresserad av ?
Har skrivit en krnika om en riktig Klintbergare - att spdbarns njurar inte tl salt ! via
Vi p Riksantikvariembetet sker systemutvecklare och en testledare
Den blommar s himla kort tid ... hr har den precis blommat ver .
Ls inte bipacksedlar . :-) Hoppas medicinen funkar fr dig !
Dette er hva jeg kaller kvalitetssikring p et skyhyt niv
Frsker spra ett paket och tnker att "" collienummer "" vore en oerhrt dlig ordvits som jag ABSOLUT INTE ska hitta p ett skmt om . Nej d .
Allvarligt r det p stt och vis ( kan bli farligt lngre fram om det inte tgrdas och hon r pver
Check out the NBA's All-Star Game sleeved jerseys ( via
Can you believe he still doesn't have a formal date ?
I did not realize how time-consuming it is to remove wallpaper . And it's really warm today , too . Goodness .
New video ! Music Video Cover - Fly High ( Seduce Me the Otome ) via
Your opinion is irrelevant because I fucking hate you .
If Ted has 50 chocolate bars , and eats 45 , what does he have ? Diabetes . Ted has diabetes .
And I still remember the first day I met you .
this PETITION : Help us reach ONE MILLION strong telling Republicans to end their War on Women :
Save wolves from dirty oil ! Urge Congress to stop the KeystoneXL tar sands pipeline via
Eliminate Subsidies to Big Oil , Coal and Gas
Tell your Senator : reject the heartless & amp ; extreme House GOP budget p2
I posted a new photo to Facebook
I posted a new photo to Facebook
Fynny's Musings Be the Star That You Are We say not what we want you to be Rather speak of who we see ....
Fynny asks : What does "" We "" mean to you ? =D
Cleansing and Balancing Your Energy System The Human Aura and Chakras : Our Bodys Energy System is a highly ...
You are invited to join our new "" International Network of Reiki Masters "" It is our belief that Reiki is a ...
GamedayRitualContest - Go Hawaii Rainbows
These Are Roger's Past Lives !
I posted a new photo to Facebook
. @SenShelby Stand up for constituents like me during the health care debate .
Sign the petition to NFL : Stand in solidarity with protesting athletes & amp ; defend right to free speech . TakeAKnee
tibisay Lucena despide funcionarios del CNE que descubrieron que Pdvsa manej cajas llenas de comprobantes de votos . ...
Un saludo agradecido a todos los que se dedican a la enseanza en las escuelas catlicas . Educar es un acto de amor , es co
Fue resolucin de la asamblea d Terrazas del vila apoyar activamente las luchas d los barios circunvecinos Unidad LaLucha
DEVALUACIN EN PUERTAS ! Maduro evala implementar otro sistema de divisas -
Don't do it ! You have so many reasons to live !
A new Webcomic Hell is up - our social adventures continue ! Look , we're out being normal humans ... sorta ...
Ohai ! I has a logo
Did you read Apple Valley back when it was updating again ? ..... * Yes * - Good news ! We're starting up again ! ...
I gave + K about Webcomic on
They still make the classic Type 2 in South America , like Brazil . I would kill for another bus .
I have always been fond of the fez ...
That's just because you're immune to them by virtue of being attached to them .
Well , I was thinking of playing Borderlands again - I LOVED BORDERLANDS ( and sorta killed my 360 playing it ) .
Yet another + Webcomic Hell is up . That's a "" ringing endorsement "" , right ?
I hereby invite you all to participate in the first-ever Tropecast Creepypasta - Lost Episode Challenge ! In honor
Look what our Walmart had ...
What speed do you think you could fire an un-sliced ham from a cannon before sheer forces reduced it in-flight to pulled pork shrapnel ?
I see this and one word comes to mind . Yellowstone .
Ok , so ... hate , riots , fighting , the show "" Selfie "" , murder , injustice ... I see your bullshit and raise you a video
+ https://t.co / ConXLjdmd 4 subtitles are looking gloriously competent . It's like , between his writing and my
Because Apple owns the store , and the phones only cost like $ 20 to make , so if you steal one directly from them it's no big .
I'm feeling like writing , and for some odd reason this story snippet keeps coming back to me . If there were more
I need a hug .
WIth Great Power Comes Great Incomprehensibility , or Incompetency - you decide
It turns out making a tv show is a lot more ... free-time-intensive than I imagined when I started .
Maybe that's just how you sound when you're really drunk then ?
Any chance we can have your Twitter handle for my internet TV show , Cinematic For The People ?
I sent you guys an email re : the Munch Squad Shirts to the MBMBaM email address
It is raining unflavored Dippin ' Dots
Vanessa VanAlstyne now this ... is art
i've just come across one of my favourite videos on the internet
I felt dirty afterwards . You know me Jay , I'll help just about anyone , but he spent 4 tweets talking about his personal brand .
Woke up with massive headache , no it's not the I do not wanna do anything , but the ugh it's Sunday .
If it was environmental , wouldn't all 12 balls from BOTH teams be affected ?
Life isn't what you have after you pay dues . It's what you make of it as you are paying those dues . Who needs help ?
dodge . ok . I see you .
TChat is getting ready to turn up the music . Who's ready ? This DJ says "" hit it ! ""
He would if CC ould give him a chance . I think would be the ideal replacement at
Outstanding point . Marketing has little substance to keep your interest but content will ALWAYS make you come back !
Vacation is the time of year where calories don't count & amp ; wife's happiness matters . 1 sign can make her cry .
Twitter Rule 1 : If you put out more links than reasons for me to continue to follow , you will be unfollowed . Tell me about YOU !
No matter how challenging a task is , mistakes will be made . How you recover is how you succeed Encourage
You didn't use a SelfieStick The world thanks you :-)
I can appreciate promo techniques , but your tweets the last 2 days have been nothing but Ads . I want to communicate not watch commercials !
when we were kids you would find a bunch of kids and start playing - thats social now - but you have to play mediachat "" + 1
We've been in a drought for 10 years , & amp ; people are asking for the recent rain to stop . Our spigot is on / off no sprinkle . PrayForSprinkle ?
SO pretty much like my ex-wife except no child support . SpoofChat
Current odds on next FIFA president : 6/5 Michel Platini ; 7/4 Prince Ali bin al-Hussein ; 6/1 Luis Figo ; 12/1 ...
STILL WAITING for prizes I think I will go and have fun ... where are my pinwheels ?
Q1 . What is your social media goal ? cfchat not disappoint my mother .
I am so proud of my wife & amp ; her work with Lowe's as a kitchen designer . She makes people happy in their homes . Love you Jo !
Without people behind you pushing & amp ; encouraging you , it is easy to get lost & amp ; quit . I try to Encourage Thanks Mark !
You can use Petiscope to showcase your new Meerkats ! spoofchat
She has spent the afternoon in bed after MRI manipulations messed up her knee more . I just hate seeing her hurt !
A2 . I name my side hustle after his ex wife . SpoofChat
You can't have 1 without the other two . I pray for a day when we have all 3 !
Instead of giving ticket "" friends , "" the tix I called 1 of my MiracleFamilies & amp ; shocked them with 4 tix to BeGoodDoGood
Fox Sports 1 : Unfair and Mentally Unbalanced .
A "" Real Job "" is what we'd wish politicians would do . YesIWentThere Spoofchat
Dear Lubbock Area Vet , a letter to a "" healer "" .
Just making sure cause he released 2 books this week ...
Nikki , if the road is hard and long , it will challenge you & amp ; make you stronger . Nothing worth having ever comes eas
I've gathered 40 Scrolls ! Can you do better ? Download to find it out ! android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I've collected 176,625 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've gathered 1 Scrolls ! Can you do better ? Download to find it out ! android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I've gathered 4 Scrolls ! Can you do better ? Download to find it out ! android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I've harvested 580 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I have Dragos Knight Collection now , and what about you ? android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I have successfully completed the St ... quest in The Tribez & amp ; Castlez for Android . androidgames , gameinsight
I've gathered 1 Scrolls ! Can you do better ? Download to find it out ! android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I've gathered 15 Scrolls ! Can you do better ? Download to find it out ! android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I've gathered 1 Scrolls ! Can you do better ? Download to find it out ! android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I've collected 126,725 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I have Mages Library Catalog now , and what about you ? android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I have Boy Wizard Collection now , and what about you ? android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I've gathered 8 Scrolls ! Can you do better ? Download to find it out ! android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I've gathered 41 Scrolls ! Can you do better ? Download to find it out ! android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I've harvested 410 of food ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 29,440 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've collected 100,360 gold coins ! android , androidgames , gameinsight
I've gathered 16 Scrolls ! Can you do better ? Download to find it out ! android , #androidgames , #gameinsight
I have gained level 6 in The Tribez and Castlez ! Can you achieve it as well ? iphone , #iphonegames , #gameinsight
I've finished the Counterattack quest ! Are you able to fulfil the same task ? iphone , #iphonegames , #gameinsight
The Kingdom's citizens are happy to have Hovel ! Try to build it too ! iphone , #iphonegames , #gameinsight
I've finished the Moucholes Village quest ! Are you able to fulfil the same task ? iphone , #iphonegames , #gamein ...
I vanquished my foes ! Can you do the same ? gameinsight
I have Mages Library Catalog now , and what about you ? iphone , #iphonegames , #gameinsight
I just grew a mystery tree . And it turned out to be a ( n ) Orange Tree ! What kind of tree did you grow ? gamein ...
I've finished the The Missing Piece quest ! Are you able to fulfil the same task ? iphone , #iphonegames , #gameins ...
I've finished the Support the Crops quest ! Are you able to fulfil the same task ? iphone , #iphonegames , #gameins ...
Castle Dungeon has been explored . Are you able to reach it too ? iphone , #iphonegames , #gameinsight
I have Alchemists Set now , and what about you ? iphone , #iphonegames , #gameinsight
I just completed the Tower on a Cliff adventure . You should try it ! gameinsight
Abandoned Graveyard has been explored . Are you able to reach it too ? iphone , #iphonegames , #gameinsight
3rd day if the Kick-off seminar of CIE Project in Finland .
I'm running really late , my alarm clock didnt go off this morning , I missed the Madame Bovary Essay , Now Im waiting for my mom to come p ...
I have not slept at all . Been up all night and now I am EXHAUSTED ! but I have to stay up ! ! ugggh
ugh my computer spazzed out and closed Bucks Chat window . Now Im in a waiting room ! ! ! ! I HATE computers !
Stuck in the waititng room for Bucks show ugh , & Then bed
Last night of the Play :( Then Cast & Crew Party !
Watching stepbrothers ! Very funny !
Watching the new SVU !
I liked the Jonas Brothers better when they were called Hanson
We're missing two crew members tonight . Oh man ...
Wow both Farah Fawcett and Michael Jackson died in the same day :( RIP
aw Have a great time and enjoy senior year while it lasts !
Going out for halloween as a doctor with the geek and the slut from taylor swifts you belong with me music video
hahah basically . uggh im just glad she's gone and hopefully this new person will be better
meaning New Jersey ? If so than me ! ! ! ! ! ! lol
Been up sin 1:30 am . I'm Exhausted ...... still in class for at least another hour and a half ughhh
Happy Easter ! ! :)
Having fun with ClumsyNinja for iPad ! Join me now for FREE !
Cheers to the freaking weekend
"" youve been feeling depressed lately "" "" Well havent exacly been a damn ball of joy ""
can ya taste a little taste of Novocaine
It's just a temporary high .
Bet I will hit her
* gets in car * * lights blunt * * looks over n sees big black man * OH SHIT IM IN THE WRONG CAR
I may not have a college degree & amp ; I have probably smoked myself retarded , but I can spell mesothelioma without spellcheck .
i think the worst part about being a girl is that no matter how hard you try not to be emotional , you always end up being emotion
Imaginary numbers make my head hurt
I try not to give up , to be strong but I'm afraid to say I'm scared
If you can't even take care of yourself what makes you think you're ready to take care of somebody else ? Exactly
I've listened to your rants all dinner . Gd .
That constant low high feeling is what gets me though the day
We sell our dreams and our potential to escape through that buzz
OH MY GOD THE WAY HE LOOKS AT HER IM DONE
Own up to your bullshit it's about time
Bruh i promise none of us give a fuck about what your talking about .
In the end it's all I have to ease the pain
Don't leave her if you can't let her go
"" @corteltv : One day ima just up and disappear without a trace ""
Because that's what paradise looks like
It's a remarkable feeling seeing your visions manifest into reality . Trust the process & amp ; watch it unfold .
Ive got 99 problems and Im ignoring them all .
"" @lowkeyginger : If family & amp ; friends aren't there for you , be there for yourself . No one has your back more than yourself . ""
Pretty much a professional cook
First lunch is good so far
BITCH YES U DO ! ! !
We won't be the forgotten We won't be the voiceless
There's a cricket . This is a problem
When u trying to be quiet in the kitchen at 2 am and u drop a spoon
( . _ . ) ~ stahp
Tbh I love eyeshadows but I suck at them
People who cant handle all black outfits are weak
when someone plays with my hair
just in case ur having a bad monday ...
important . thank you tupac .
The happiness you have brought into my life is amazing / You respect me ; you embrace me
Omg just followed me / I love you on the Talk / but I really love your stand-up !
Know what you want and remain single until you get it .
Got my seat at IMPACT 2011 in Allen arena with
"" Soldiers of Christ Arise "" & amp ; "" The Solid Rock "" go smoothly , we'll see what happens with the new stuff from the 90 ' s AnotherDayInChurch
Matt Moore throws 2013 ' s 1st pick 6 . Apparently Tony Romo doesn't even have to be on the field for a Pick 6 to happen ,
"" I feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more . "" - Jonas Salk
How to Engage Your Email Subscribers From the Moment They Sign Up Infographic
I wouldn't be surprised if sme women weren't mentally ill , but it was as an excuse to sterilize bc of their ethnicity
Yorkshire ambulance walkout on strike
ooo We will have to make a trip some time . Maybe we can go for my bday ? Mid or Late Aug / Early Sept ? That sounds delish ! ! ! !
An iPhone Frame That Also Charges Your Phone While On The Go via For all the tech savy ppl !
Great advice & amp ; video in how to clear for from your window in the fastest way . Former NASA engineer .
Cant wait to also apply Hawaiian Tropic to protect my skin sponsored HawaiianTropicCrowd
thank you Crowdtap for the free coupon for one free Silk dairy free yogurt
What a fun lineup of Aussie wine . winetasting drinklocal
Jack Riley , Bob Newhart Show Regular and Voice of Stu Pickles on Rugrats , Dies at 80 via
i would wear my favorite black bootcut slacks AmopeCrowd sponsored
These Four Pasta Dishes Are So Good They Are Going To Make You ... foodie delicious yummy
Im prepping my skin for winter by using facial masks CurelSkincare sponsored
Candied Bacon Rice Crispy Treats are a great way to celebrate NationalDessertDay !
Whats a fond , laundry-related memory that you have from your childhood ? TideThat ad
Going to buy this for myself sponsored DSWcrowd MyDSW
It's never too early to start saving !
Why did you decide to give SPLENDA Naturals Stevia Sweetener a try ? splendasavvies sponsored
Hello , hello , and WELCOME to the DeliciousNature Twitter Party ! Hows everyone doing today ? contest
Need to take any chance to cut out the sugar splendasavvies sponsored
Tell us why you want to be selected for our Secret Clinical Strength sampling ! SecretClinical ad SecretCrowd
Cant wait to try this look for special occasions ColorStay RevlonCrowd sponsored
super fresh I love my time in the Snuggle Bear Den ! Join me and see what it's all about ! SnuggleWithMe TeamSnuggle
Share the positive things you were surprised to discover about using Suave . SuaveBelievers sponsored
thank you to SampleSource for the free sample of Method concentrated laundry detergent ginger mango scent
Such a sweet story Every Tail is Worth Sharing HillsFoodShelterLove HillsPetCrowd sponsored
It's a unique formula providing oil free hydration & amp ; great skin care while also giving you a buildable tint to your skin
I added a video to a playlist The 1975 - Somebody Else ( Official Video )
I got 18 years old and 57 ! Build A Subway Sandwich And We'll Guess Your Exact Age And Height via
Michael Kors bag : large , brown & amp ; beige , excellent condition MichealKors via
Check out Calvin Klein pumps : size 9.5 , taupe , python print , perfect condition , with box via
I just bought : ' Vitafusion Vitamin D3 Gummy Vitamins , Assorted Flavors , 150 Count ' by Vitafusion via
Our mouth-watering pasta's will always keep you coming back for more ... VillaBianca Spaghetti ItalianFood
White Rhone Blend wine winetasting
So happy that splenda naturals splendasavvies sponsored
CHECK OUT this Crazy Cookie Dough . yummy cookies recipe
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily Puppy v2 . 0 .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Laugh My App Off .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in 2048 .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Sweep Da Mines .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Airliners iOS .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Sweep Da Mines .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Guess Da Number iOS .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in What's The Phrase iOS .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Bubble Shooter Planets .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Airliners iOS .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Punchcard .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Parsecs .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Price is Right Bingo .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Name Da Flag .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Horoscopes - Zodiac Astrology .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Vocabulary .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Name Da Flag .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Laugh My App Off .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in The Price is Right Bingo .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Art Deviant .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Facts .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily Uplift with mPoints .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Trailer Addict .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Parsecs .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Woman Empowerment .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Facts .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Splat Da Bat .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Daily for Craigslist .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Boston Celtics .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Where Da Bunny .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Moviefone .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Laugh My App Off .
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Splat Da Bat .
There is nothing better than the smell of rain
Feeling like quite the black sheep after being "" talked "" to about the content on my fb ... lovely night thus far
If you knew you could not fail , what would you commit to doing tomorrow ?
unearth your OM Yogi Yoga Bracelet BOHO Taurus Flower Jade Clear Quartz
youll luv yoga bracelets for centering & amp ; opening heart chakra
yoga fitfam fitspo fitlife fitness fitgirls flexibility cali santamonica socal
fitness fitnessmotivation FITNESSFRIDAY DoWork goals BrieMode WorldRun inspirationalquotes motivation
modernworldwonders bohemianjewels boho yogi wrap bracelet chanluu goodvibes amazing
fearless pursuitofhappiness soulsearch soulfood foodforthought foodforthesoul quoteoftheday
In celebration of blackfriday and all things pretty , new faceted onyx and amethyst double wrap ...
Repost jbah 34 with repostapp . lululemonwomen lululemonaddict lululemon gym gymrat
ninadobrev check out my post-party brunch look with the shades !
It's Friday eve ! lululemonwomen lululemonaddict lululemon gym gymrat bohemianjewels
Thank you jillchristinefit for these tricep moves . lululemonwomen lululemonaddict lululemon
I love jumping up mountains that are supposed to be basically unclimbable in Skyrim
Do you think Disney care's about the MPCs ( Minor Player Characters ) ? A challenge has been issued !
Whoa . We picked the actual anniversary !
just landed in IAD . on to DEN !
is air con enabled ! ahhhh ...
sermon for 28 March 2010 - 7 Last Words of Christ - Victory - John 19:30
Real fruit . Lunch-box ready . Earn money for buying using
Super-typhoon Neoguri : sign of a developing El Nio
Catman , + genetically engineered fish - the best pics of the day Photo : Reuters
The Cygnus Wall of Star Formation , Image : space
New Study Targets Link Between Supernovae and Gamma-Ray Bursts
Turn your stumbling blocks into stepping stones .
He ignores you , but you like him . He does nothing , but you fall for him . You miss him , even though you know he will never care
Glad u enjoyed :) Great job on tonight's CSI episode .
Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat . - F . Scott Fitzgerald quote
"" I feast on solitude , I will never miss the crowd . I could read the great books but the great books don't interest me . ""
This world is full of hatred , Make a change by loving others .
Power is not alluring to pure minds . - Thomas Jefferson
"" @henrysteven1952 : made me cry . - I am distraught ! ! ! !
Kerry Washington , The Imitation Game , Transparent honored at the GLAAD Media Awards :
aMIzing ! Let MI Retweet it for you ! 3 |: ) ( - - |
I need to get a hammock
ReTweet Food Mezzetta Sweet Banana Wax Peppers 16oz 2 Pack
Homeless and Medical Need via
Goodmorning Sunday Love and Blessings Have a Blessed Sunday
Sometimes you win , and sometimes you learn . DrPhil
wordporn love spilledink poetsofinstagram writersofig quotes life quote words beautiful
People that talk behind your back are behind you for a reason realtalk change truthbetold chaos drama youth life
Head up , stay strong . Fake a smile , move on .
wordstoliveby love quotes quote motivation life words inspire wordsofwisdom word
thelordwillmakeaway godisgood amen faith blessed love inspiration rnb me praying
Fire up the grill for Molasses Grilled Chicken from Promotion PerdueCrew -
appletstag wordsofwisdom truth quotes quoteoftheday life wordstoliveby wisdom words
I still have to work today and Saturday but I'll tell you the truth the mood changes when Friday
What makes or breaks a man is not what people think of him , but what he thinks of himself . - Seyi Eyiayo quote quote
regrann from - quotes ghandi love allone conciusness meditations yoga
All the flavor from the hard cider makes this salad hard to say no to ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
been doing it for years . my only concern is turning into the incredible hulk , the green does nothing for my complexion .
Good . People here would go cray cray if they knew .
Tonight on Why our political system has zero tolerance for terrorism fatalities but is fine with 30,00 ...
yes they will look stupid if it gets that's far most states want t
your gonna miss the fun like gas lines
trump is their to get paid they push the party agenda
before this guy it would have now it's just accurate
To kick-off FanAppreciationWeekend this to enter to win a autographed ! THXMetsFans Rules :
so found this when I went to unlock a card to trade it - another mistake 2013 inserts card opened thumbna
I am exploring legislative options to prevent Trump from further jeopardizing our national security . IranDeal
the final jumper films the stunning bird-like view of the exhilarating glide
Predators named best franchise in pro sports by ESPN ( via )
the first answers I demand is about the info in the dossier
don't think he'll have much time for pr ceremonies in his short time left but Id love to c it too
Entrepreneur Explains How The Psychology Of Failure Can Breed Unimaginable Success
This lady dropped her hat , and Houston came in clutch to get it back up to her earnedhistory
true also helps when the public can't buy weapons that carry out mass shootings - same way u can't buy a bomb
having candidates that care and aren't a holes is the other half of this successful formula
as America is still free all vets are special for contributing to that ThankAVet
I can't believe why nobody knew this widely known for over 40 years by anyone that knows him or is from NY
even if guilty appeals are likely should they condemn him and he beats an appeal .......
So powerful : Hameed Darweesh , standing w / legal teams , tells his story of being freed by incredible
and no paying out millions for harassment is unacceptable but if you can't trust yourself alone with a
Great story There's more to this Sixers fan's story than free biscuits
there were issues and war among tribes but I agree for the most part
that's what happens when you do f'd up stuff and ppl are watching 45 and staff will go down
well the odds are overwhelming that no one will ask you to get the lights / ask for a light again so you got that
Happy Birthday SMS ! In 1992 , Neil Papworth , a 22 - year-old software programmer , sent the first ever SMS from a computer
Ok , How many retweets is it going to take for you to let me fulfill my destiny and become Bloomin Onion Man ?
if someone is good people looking to good things and represent their constituents they got my vote
Not easy to do but I finished a printing plate set
the question becomes do you lose more by fighting or not fighting - sun tzu
exactly what's the point of diamonds if your going back to bundles ? Appearance is you'll do whatever is best to screw your users
That their generous with their parents money
I just used Shazam to discover Rock ' N Roll Love Letter by Bay City Rollers . SirusXM 70s on 7 Jukeboxofdynomite
Ok wrong Canadian team , unfortunately I was right . Welcome to the American Born Jack Eichel ! Watch Edmonton blow it again !
Proud to say I just earned the highest weather seal you can get as a meteorologist in TV , the CBM Seal . Glad it's done , th
Historic & amp ; important yes ! Use this , We have yet 2 hang our heads a Civil Rights Amendment 50yrs ago . See Charelstonfunerals
best Thanks 4 reporting with such professionalism & amp ; class ! I'm related to the family & amp ; the positive light should inspire !
Yes really . Hitler used propaganda 211 . Wife's family from region & amp ; forced out in 1910s by Muslims . similar fate
I hope you're w your fave team making history . Miss u on NHLTonight but know coming to season's end ! Playoffs ?
Sid touched the trophy ! ! PenguinswinCup Superstition itworkedlasttime once again just want a good series nosharkemojie ?
nope Just a typical WNY women how can't decide on the temperature ...
Uf your not having fun , it's not worth it ! !
Our All-Star with NHL 100 & amp ; Sabres legend Gilbert Perreault . 11 telling Kyle about the good ol ' days . More to come
This is another reason a good weatherperson is important in a pinch . We've got some great o
Found a Transponder Snail ! Get an inside look at the ever-cheerful Buggy Pirates ! TreCru
Found a Transponder Snail ! Giants , sea monsters , fantastical creatures of all kinds ! TreCru
It's a long time until 5:30 , so I'm not sure what else I can do today on my day off except work . And laundry , I suppose . Pet the cat . Dishes
Uber logo or antique Chinese coin with a backward mouth ?
I don't understand this r word people keep saying . Ruhwhatnow ? Sun ? You mean sunny and cold forever , right ?
We were going to get good coffee , but then I remembered I was an adult and got the oil changed instead . Least Lubbers has decent free coffee
it is surprisingly mature . Or something .
Basically they live so far out in the boonies Google doesn't even know , and I'll probably end up in a cornfield somewhere hashtag banjos .
You are already replaced ,
I like shopping with my sister . She tells me to get the things I like but don't even remotely need .
"" Let's just get this over with , "" - Dan , just now , choosing to watch Sailor Moon of his own volition .
- - - - But they still give you a fork , because that's super useful .
Sadly no Joyce , but allll the Barb !
Going through old photos , found this from around 1991 . I'd totally be ok if LaCroix did a throw back can .
And they hung up on him . I'm disappointed .
Ah . Like finishing your final paper at 3am on a Monday morning . Nothing left to do but turn it in and pray that your country doesn't implode
Honestly , I didn't know who the crap any of those uncontested people were . This probably makes me a terrible person .
I only have tv and movies to reference so .
BREAKING : Trump to nominate Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson for Secretary of State . Don't let the Senate confirm him !
It doesn't bother me since all free lotion is great , but the original giver went out of their way to get her bathroom-matching lotion .
The executive order on refugees was signed on HolocaustMemorialDay . That is all .
it was probably stupid , but tbh I was freaked out because I was stopped at a light and they weren't slowing down behind me .
My taxes are significantly less scary than they were before . Are they awesome ? No . But they won't mutilate the savings cushion .
Bless you . May you never forget to CTRL + S
And I agree . Some rules are Star Trek future rules that must be in place to value human lives . But how
At FDA , the Trump administration has demanded that internal TVs can only air Fox News , not CNN , & amp ; can't be switched
So do people just see things on web advertising & amp ; children's tshirts and be like , yeah , that's definitely a noble n
Dear Twitter . The power is out . I thought you should know .
Hello . I am a grown adult that is excited about Pokmon fest tomorrow . Do not take away my small pleasures , heat stroke .
I DESERVE MELON BALLS because this is AMERICA . I will sacrifice EVERYTHING .
Do you teach or work with young children ? Find out how your experience can have a global impact :
I was born to be a good friend and a great family . I dont think we can have any other problems in the future if we
Every day feels like David after the Dentist
Good post on why the corporate cash sitting "" on the sidelines "" isn't about uncertainty :
a bunch of high school friends went to William & amp ; Mary , so my first thought was of a dude with chopsticks and a tricorn hat
he knew ! I just don't think he'd put it together that they were in that order .
I just backed ARKYD : A Space Telescope for Everyone on
Jelani Cobb ( @jelani9 ) is painfully insightful as always re Zimmerman , Trayvon , and justice :
Signs you might be at a wedding of two engineers : everyone was late to dinner because the venue had old machinery to ogle
heh , squares pixels today too
happy to report that Larry Wall , creator of Perl , is now Artist in Residence at craiglist , continuing Perl 6 work . perl craig
Per and a judge ruled today that Theodore Wafer , the man who shot and killed Renisha McBride , will st
Check out his Athena doll , too ! | I just backed Faire Play : Barbie-Compatible 3D Printed Medieval Armor
( I guess it's also a cool video to watch if you don't wanna feel like Godzilla , but if that's true I'm not sure we can be friends anymore )
Okay , new USA soccer fans ? Now that you're hooked we have a whole other World Cup next year and our team in that is THE BE
( 1 ) fuck cancer ( 2 ) everyone chemo patient I've cooked / crafted for has fully recovered , knock wood . Head size / yarn pref ?
that doesn't seem to match the chart in the article , unless I'm misreading ?
I first heard rumors of the new Slack emoji feature almost a year ago . After trying it for a bit , happy to report : AMAZEBALLS WORTH THE WAIT
better reliability , thought put into the software , less ventilation crazy , better price point . Competitors are $ 6 - $ 15K & amp ; not great .
not sure what gender has to do with it ?
certain subreddits are the closest I've found :/
One bit of adulthood I never really prepared for was the slowly building , trickling stream of loss
Are you an NYC-based electrical engineer ? We're hiring again !
The policy should allow police deadly force only as a last resort , after all other means exhausted . This is required by intern
I bow to our future venomous overlords
Swenson has done contract work for us in the past & amp ; I wish we could bring him on full time . Efficient , diligent , in
I give up , weve reach peak engineering :
52 % of Reps earning now say govt responsibility to ensure Americans have health coverage . Up 21pts from last yr
GOP was rightfully outraged by Clinton renting out Lincoln's bed . Trump sells $ 200k membership to "" Southern WH "" . Inc al fre
Crucified Man Had Had Prior Run-Ins With Local Authorities
1 ) summer infant my size potty 2 ) maybe a toddler trampoline ? Not sure if they have the gross motor skills for it
Passing of the torch : a beta for the real thing
Next week - NYCC ! ! ! ! :D I love cons . They are fun !
that was a nice satellite :) . I found an unpaid bill in my purse ... Ooo ps
its cold here but no snow
Photo : Really , really quick Katara sketch with her The Promise outfit on . Drawn during an Adventure Time ...
Avatar Extras : jennysdcc : MEGA Korra Nation Signal BoostTake some time and help out ... - jennysdcc :
Yeah ... - Im saying this right now If Tenzin flashes back to Aang teaching him to airbend . I will lose it ....
My cat thinks my PICC line tube is a toy .
Can I please just attend one of these things healthy ? Please .
this is very true .
Epic "" New Friends "" poster ...
Sunrise view from my condo when I lived in Savannah .
Finished pic of Korra . I was going to color it , but i kind of like it like this . Thoughts ?
I just earned the Eska badge from KORRA NATION ! -
Amira Ink ! - Lots o creativity in one little blog ! Illustration , design , fan art , animation , etc . I know a ...
Let me tell u something ... Lyme disease sucks . A lot . My joints are misery .
Art show items items up for bid - Lin tree , Lin and Kya , and Jinora with Butterflies ! !
101 temp and swollen knees ... yup I am flaring . Lyme disease sucks .
A weird little Lin face . Quick , like a minute or two .
u okay , hon ?
neat ! I love when I can see the process . :) Looks great !
Photo : Someone wants to go on a trip too .
lasleepyhead said : What attracted you to Lin ? And when was the moment you knew she was amazing and going to ...
whoopichristsuperstar said : Hello , I really love your artwork of Lin meditating . Do you mind if I print the ...
I just signed papers to send off for a personal loan . Now anyone want to give me a job where I can get $ 400 ...
I'm earning mPOINTS in 2048 with mPoints .
chiefmomboss : chiefmomboss : Got migraine during my 6-9 took some excedrin and drank a cokeboth of which ...
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Cats 2048 .
Just saw videos on ur show of kids screaming "" Build The Wall "" & amp ; "" White Power ! "" So scary . I hope ca
Join Ibotta , the free app that pays you cash . Sign up and get $ 10 !
Nothing makes me feel more awkward than watching a video about dyslexia in my psych class with Miley Cyrus's song "" The Climb "" as its theme .
Oh , so now you don't want it to snow ? figureyourselfout
"" else will care about this . This will be solved , this issue is not one that we all need to dive into . ""
The Doctor is legit . I don't know about them cops .
My Thoughts On The LifeTime Whitney Movie WhitneyMovie : via
Whos down to get crunk wit me huh
get your dancin shoes on girlll
Glass Beach , California , USA .
This house I'm residing in has an exclusive 18th century wet rug
reminder that you don't need permission
Honestly your annoying get your kids drunk
stuck in the abyss of the past as the future constantly flashes before our eyes
Thankgod im not the one driving cause i thought there was a pudddle and it was a piddle of cars
* throws rice at u * ur my wife
idk if i believe this
Sometimes you meet someone and even though you never liked brown eyes before their eyes are your new favorite color
when the clouds move quick i want to move quick too
l m a o youre funnyyy ok say no more angie
what i mean to say is * draws an imperfect circle *
Why does my baby cousin look 25 ? ? ?
Bought a ticket to see and its 21 but i got to meet him and now im at webster for drag night whatever lmao
Goth party my house tonight come thru lmaoooo
Damn man i forgot paper cuts existed
love this book so much
I think if I gained 55lbs and stayed up for 3 nights straight , that I'd look like Vince Vaughn .
Showing Amatucci what the hell TWitter is .
wow , you must have really liked it . : O I actually liked Old School better , but still thought it was pretty funny .
Just read the entire Michael Jackson will - - turns out the doggone girl is mine . ( via
If you don't have your gowalla account connected with your twitter account does that mean you can't win the Incase merch ?
300 free halo reach codes to give away follow and RT . Draw will be at 1AM . Direct message winners Halo Reach Beta ( via
RT : If you follow us , retweet this post and at 1:45 pm PDT ( 4:45 pm EDT ) , we'll give 10 SOCOM 4 beta codes away to random fans !
1st time I heard "" shut the front door ! "" I laughed and laughed . Now it's in the same cultural landfill as "" tell it to the hand "" ...
Much like the Olympic snowflake , Bob Costas ' eyes won't open .
Thanks a wonderful night of music and airplanes ! Tulsa BenFolds
What a fabulous dress !
Thanks ! Really didn't think I could fit it into one update and had fun doing it . I love sharing favorite recipes .
Yes , Lance Weiler , same director as for Head Trauma . He's a friend of a friend of mine who had a bit part in it .
Meeting friends at Union Station maybe not their best idea , but we survived her lost wallet and 90 min . wait to get tix for swearing in .
I don't think they do that on facebook but am not certain .
Awoke this morning thinking it was Saturday . Feel a bit disoriented getting ready for Friday . Fog burning off , cherry blossoms blooming !
Hugs and well wishes are with you along with prayers .
Look forward to some argfest streaming Thanks Steve and also for reports
Any chance of you removing it and posting it later after everyone's been sufficiently warned ?
Glad to read that your daughter is home safe .
Fun to watch the hometown guy reach the big leagues with such a splash I'm sure . All fans welcome wherever you may be !
Had some yesterday on potato roll with fries . Thinking about putting leftovers on rice today . It was an I carbs day I confess .
Help the Smurfs build a village to call home ! Play on iOS and Android . SmurfsVillage
Help the Smurfs build a village to call home ! Play on iOS and Android . SmurfsVillage
Meet the Swoofs and explore space with the SmurfsVillage Smurfs ! Available now for iOS and Android devices !
Place Clown Smurfs circus tent to earn tickets toward FREE new prizes in SmurfsVillage coming soon !
Hasn't locked himself out of a hotel room in awhile .
A late follow up . My first introduction to Game Theory was through poker , especially Sklansky 1994 :
what is wiith the flowers ?
updated his guild's forums . The conversion to phpbb 3 calls for a new theme !
Obviously you should create a picture of W . Thomas Riker , a much better Riker than William T . Riker .
Video games may reduce crime :
The revolution will be 140 characters or less .
Civilization V : Brave New World launched last night . Productivity reported to be fatally wounded .
We created a word document that consumed 6gigs of ram when opened . We killed that monster quickly as it destroyed machines .
72 is the new 65 . So what ? Well , nonprofits relying on retirees as volunteers may have to rethink this strategy . - aha !
There are various ways to pay your student loans . Some of them involve being forgiven for portion of the debt .
Higher education pays . That's why we're working to expand CollegeOpportunity for ALL .
Excellent method to create budget , find careers , available jobs , training locations , etc . MyLifeMyWay .
Thank you Sgt . Allen for your service and trusting with your civilian training .
haha ! I miss u madam ! Looking forward s muli nating pagkikita .... Naks ! Hahaha
my future boxer gabbysuperstar gabbypacmansegarra
Seconds don't move - that - fast ... !
Oh a lightbulb just went off in my head . Did U mean the rugby player ? Lol . Coz I didn't .
Ooo kay , I'm clearly not watchin my movie all by myself bc some invisible force keeps messin with the volume ... on & amp ; off full screen . Creepy ..
Oh that was a PROPER rout yo ! Just seen the highlights . That was rape . 5-1 . Higuain's goal though ... Class .
' Those who will not reason , are bigots , those who cannot , are fools , and those who dare not , are slaves . ' LORD BYRON ...
Been listening to the same song over and over for 5 hours now ! This is def . love ! Albeit the creepy-suffocating kind , but love nonetheless !
Lol ... google bro ! !
' Egotist : A person of low taste , more interested in himself than in me . ' AMBROSE BIERCE
Oh the prices are the "" make-you-wanna-crawl-under-the-table-and-never-come-out-type ! "" Won't even lie . But worth every cent ! :-)
Haha . :) Yup ... I LIVE TO INSPIRE ! ! It's what I do . :)
Perfect end to a perfect day ! :)
what happened to your old one ?
GM . Carpe diem ! ! :) TGIF .
"" @MamaZABU "" @BestMusicLyric "" If I lay here , if I just lay here , would you lie with me and just forget the world ? "" - Snow Patrol "" :)
Ha ! Alright , okay ... Received with humble thanks , kind madam .
When did every guy's avi become a picture of womyn's bums , boobs etc ! n the handles oh my ! Y'all that scared of the Anti-Homo
RCB wins by 5 wickets . Yayz ! What a thriller though ... Commiserations to this CSK fan ,
JEER ! ! ! Fed-Express is out of RG14 Yay ! Commiserations
French Open champion Maria Sharapova booked her place in the 4th round with a 6-3 , 6-0 victory over Alison Riske Wimb
The speaker of parliament will spend 33mn shillings ( $ 12700 ) on re-carpeting her office floor .
In other news , penalty TUNISIA ! And ... it's a goal ! 2-1 Botswana . AFCONqualifiers AFCONQualifier
Everyone looks calm in the garage but we know it's tense ! History in the making here ! RussiaWithLove
"" We cannot congratulate the Police for a new HQ . We are like cows that have been taken to a beautiful abbatoir "" - kigo
Hho ! Yes , I hunted down your number yesterday . "" New phone "" issues ! ! ! ! But yes , we have unfinished business to discuss . :-)
1 killed , 2 injured in Tennessee University Shooting . TSU
GoForwardManifesto pledges to support research and development of indigenous medicine and so much more under arts and cultur
The NYT review of David Mamet's play "" China Doll , "" starring Al Pacino
Where our electronic goods go to die
I have that feeling of being on a rollercoaster every other day . It makes mr feel numb .
haven't hit you up in a while how've ya been ?
et il est hyper du aussi ?
Keolis strengthens its partnership with in driverless vehicle operating innovation newmobility
Happy 13 .. Thank you ! Dallas Prespetarian Hospital Oncology for making my daughters day !
Thank goodness for my Nee-chan because her love means everything to me
"" Donuts . Donuts . Donuts . Donuts . "" - Joe WhatMotivatesMeIn 4Words
basically that's the face I wish I could have 24/7
I legit wasn't expecting that I thought Mamoru was just gonna say "" It's a boy , not a girl "" But they showed the baby's penis for good measure
I didn't want this heartbreak so soon
Don't ship your characters because they tried to murder each other
Oh man give me an excuse to draw in actual anime style hell yeah
Haha , they asked me if I wanted shippy when I took the photo and I thought of you ;)
Eventually , one of these days , I'm going to have to refer to Mari's Chess as Chess I . and my Chess as Chess W .
The antagonists for 3 out of 4 of the arcs in Sweet Seraphim are female . I NEED A MALE BAD GUY
i think my all time most popular tweet on tony was my fucking valentines day pic lmao
Just stay away from Florida . EastCoastIn 5Words
I laugh every time I see something ET related because My first and middle initials are E . T .
Lrt Lance's birthday is the day before my Nephew's birthday
To avoid getting your tweets flagged for profanity , take a leaf out of vldLance's book !
Same here , plus it means I have more storage free on my Vita for DLC stuff when I can afford it
OH SHIT OH SHIT KAKEGURUI AIRS TOMORROW OH SHIT TIME TO GET HYPED
Twitter : u cant say fuck anymore All of us : oh fuck Twitter : yknow what ? you can't do anything anymore . ever . ur banned .
I swear to jesus Robin if Gil doesn't return this month I'm gonna punch you for getting my hopes up
Making your characters smarter than you and then realising you have to actually write them
If I didn't have respiratory problems before , I definitely have them after watching this finale GameOfThrones
I have old friends who are married , pregnant , or in jail and I'm thankful my life is boring
Baking a cake from scratch for the first time , my niece is my awesome helper
crungle culture is pretending you guys aren't all still in your random phase
Tomorrow is going to be a lot more driving than there should be
Rt if you know who this is
imagine you run Robert Downey Jr Stan account . Your icon is RDJ , his name is in your bio , you have posters of him all over your
Anyone got any OS-X data recovery tricks ? Got a dying IBM DeathStar 120gb ( circa 02 ) on OS-X - trying to get as much off of it as possible .
Oh , my bad . Been a Monday all day . I have one machine for skype , one to record , and a mixer in between .
The latest installment of Bytes and Bullshit is in iTunes - - Show Notes : - - Click some ads ( it really helps us ) ;)
you better be ready for a show tonight ! FAWKER !
I just collected a dead drop . spymaster
Dunno if you know or not , but episode 1132 did the same thing for me . It was short at first , a few hours later I got it .
finished Taming Clay by Raeann Blake and gave it 4 stars Kindle
I'm watching Two and a Half Men ( 587 others checked-in ) GetGlue
Hoping this will be a good show , would be nice to have something good to watch for a change . sleepyhollow GetGlue
Join me on the perfect shopping companion ! FriendFlurry 15
The tea . I have a tea filing system .
Freedom Industries owes $ 6M , body autonomy , Tom Perkins compares progressives to Nazis , Jamie's future baboon heart
Charlie Reeves On The Long Road To Making His Webseries ' Peacekeepers ' ( Watch The First Episode Here Too ) | / Bent
Scientists are still trying to understand how I can exist in a quantum state of both smug condescension and self-depreca
Just posted a photo Unicorn
Just posted a photo The Original Dinerant
Las Vegas shooting , and what the media decides to call terrorism , TX Republicans vote to adopt gay conversion policy
What is a lake balland why are Icelanders grieving them ?
I wish there was an Ollivanders type store where you try out karaoke songs until you pick the right one NO ... the right
Just posted a photo The Red Room
Just posted a photo Jaliscos Mexican Restaurant
seeing the SF Gay Men's Chorus tonight ! ! ! Peace United Church of Christ , Santa Cruz
rainbow Capitol Hill ( Seattle )
silver falls marechal Vie de Boheme
Just posted a photo Lincoln Memorial
SWEET REUNION Crowne Plaza Hotel - Seattle
Hillary Clinton vows to tackle income inequality while taking donation from billionaire Walmart heiress
Just posted a photo Ginos Fine Italian Restaurant
last day of school ! and the 5th graders graduating so gotta look nice
Writing a postcrossing postcard to China through
Just posted a photo Barlow
old icelandic and wine Apotek Hotel
two weeks of lent down woo
The WordOfTheDay is lachrymose .
love at first sight sure saves time
My day as "" Mud Girl ""
I need to make it a habit NOT to check his profile every time I check twitter .
my ex just did this to me today plz kill me
honestly im surprised this hasn't happened at the one by my house yet .
Do I say "" dude "" too much ? ?
We Suspended Critical Thought For A Decade & amp ; Let Like 600 Dudes With 7 Houses Apiece Eat The Economy . Why Aren't Young Pe
sups random but do you still have my spare key ? Think u could figure out a way to get it to ? ? ?
oh believe me I have found great coffee but I get nostalgic
I wish the election was in September ; we as a nation need to focus on the important things , like what we're all going to be for Halloween .
I'm in a weird "" I love my friends I love my life and I wanna shout it from a rooftop "" mood ...... Anyway I love my friends I love my life ! ! ! !
LoveFest 2016 : The Newly 30 Yr Olds
Everyone's staring at 2017 from across the room like "" please don't hurt me I've been hurt before . ""
I do not know what these emojis mean but uhhh right back atcha , kiddo
he says he isn't but he was wearing a sweater earlier
I think it might be raining outside
This interview with Seth Rollins and Corey is breaking my heart
PIPE DOWN SEX CRAB OH MY GOD
As a millennial , can I just say .... I am so fking tired .
i * think * someone is giving it to my boss as a gift but also oh god what if she bought it and wants it up in the office ? ? ? ? ?
overwatch community has been awful lately . the amount of griefers & amp ; jerks im running into lately is insane . reporting is useless .
have you thanked god for cher today
you know i'm pretty fuckin stupid but at least i didn't stare at the fucking sun during an eclipse
i sleep with a mirror over my bed and it's 900 % gonna kill me if the big one hits while i'm asleep
its called riven u idiot
dragon roost island had my fav song in wind waker so every time i hear it in botw i wanna cry cuz i love it so much
im gonna u to say i love marble racing videos
i like the fact u don't have to play games to find friends . And the hair selection .
- Your dog is so cute . I love to see westie pics , I'm curious to see what mine is gonna look like whe ...
You and me both , I am disappointed .
you get released and guess who takes your spot .....
Cute , you quote Ghost in the Shell . I know someone else who has on occasion done that .
Unlocked ' Educated ' in ' Dragon Age : Origins ' xboxtweet
Wow , i'm late , damn youtube
fine ..... waiting ..... not happy tho
I don't think asking me to move in for a week is gonna get a positive response . i'm not social , i got out , but dont think i'll bring u home
Quality couple time ... ftw !
I miss everything ... * digs for bail money
Dear friends : please stop helping
Its gonna be a wonderful "" alone "" saturday . I'm gonna walk around in these new shoes and nothing else !
Cancer ... and my name is Larry
Scratch that . I hope he KNOW that shit was me
Its getting to be that time of year . I need to plug my DVR back in .
and ... here we go , SSDD
She asked could she watched Capitalism : A love story , I said yes . She'll have questions later .
Its been awhile , a long while . Just me and James tonight . ( Although I just knew I owned Goldfinger on Blu-ray )
"" They killed my cooter "" trueblood
Love how the dog isn't aware of how big he is . He just walks all over people when they lay down .
I'm a Fan of Doctor Who on
I have completed the Family Relic quest in The Tribez & amp ; Castlez for iPhone . iphonegames , #gameinsight
And if your momma anything like my momma , don't tell her . Because all she wants is video . She spent the night with us once .
He visto las tres pelis de Dead Or Alive seguidas y ... creo que tendr que volver a verlas para saber de qu van .
EEUU 0 - Espaa 2 . Parece que las poco deportivas artimaas de los organizadores no les han servido de nada .
A m Espaa me cae un poco lejos pero la no renueva el DNI a travs del consulado , as que me quedar indocumentado .
Facebook introduces "" Pages-only "" view for News Feed to quell advertiser anger
I just ousted as the mayor of Digital Media Management on
I'm at Warner Brothers B160 ( Burbank , CA )
Me and my pep pep changethegame
I'm starting to get precious hungry . What's for lunch ?
I can watch E . T . or Casino at anytime in any mood . I think that says a lot about me .
I mean honestly , you'd really only get to see how I cultivate on my face what grows wild on my ass .
. @tomsegura I love your bit about Blue Apron .
this makes it look pretty legit
Love pimping little league softball .
ESPN reported that no offer had been made yet . I don't think anyone knows whats going on
drink lots of punch ?
Who's that spartan in my teepee ?
apparently our fans are booing him pretty bad . Makes me sad .
Can't buy me looooove ...
In reality , over the past 35 minutes , only about 35 seconds of actual football would have been played . soccerisbetter
saw that some cuts were to departments that don't even exist . Our government at work !
Glad I didn't watch that pitiful showing .
don't worry , no danger of me looking .
Party in the streets of Tegucigalpa tonight Congrats to Honduras .
good to see your gf at your desk this morning
So Fulham won a game today .
More Forte . Morte . okstate
but you've been harping on it all day .
I feel the same about beer
Why not move Holtby into the middle and take off on of your ancient center mids ? This makes no sense .
3 Fulham players now in this game . Quality of this game should go waaaaaay up ...
Hey this outfit will never not be awesome . Respect , sir .
Oklahoma Sooners Mascot Fired For Repeatedly Harassing Oklahoma State Fans
Congrats to & amp ; on a big win today GoPokez
always heavy traffic in those PF bathrooms
I'm ready to give him a 10 year deal ... Oh wait .
There is common ground in America , it's called NeverTrumpOrHillary . Vote Libertarian in November .
What is a catch ?
"" I say , I say , where is my feed ? ""
. @joelklatt kinda hard to switch hands with the ball and not have control
At FOIAFEST sharing ideas with other reporters about how to access info / data opengov
GROW 47 : help your neighborhood school , help yourself . Performance follows perception--if we all pitch in , you won't need
What did you pitch ? Is the proposal still online anywhere ? I'd be interested in reading it .
Help us with the Chicago School of Data Project ! -
Fundraiser for Audubon's new outdoor campus w / Pres . Cullerton , Rep . Williams , FOA , and LSC . $ 10k raised . GROW 47
RSVP for the 2nd Google Educators Group Chicagoland Happy Hour ! June 8th 3pm - 5pm ! GooglEdu
Great discussion during he Q & amp ; A about operations and needs . hackforchange
Explore The Beauty Of Chicago Public Schools Architecture Online - Chicagoist
Welcome to MassAction ! realchiyouth
The AUSL issue is in part a procurement issue
Take 5 : 1 skl exists now , where there was 2 , & amp ; CPS did not folo st consolidation process . Question : What can b done ? ht
Did you miss this year's UrbanForum ? If so , check out the morning and afternoon sessions right here !
WatersLSC meeting at 4pm today . Agenda :
My 8 year old did hourofcode at school today and is hooked ... wants to do it again . help !
Interesting event next month chihacknight
As part of the CS4All initiative , teachers / admins visit
Todays most-read story : How Integration Workedand Failedin Evanston , by
Q about sharing data with nonprofits . A : Open Data Portal used as central clearinghouse for sharing data ilgisa
The Simeon Career Academy TEACH club , Social Media 101 class to team . 2GEN digitalskills
That is ( one of ) CPS's data pages , not Noble . So Noble doesn't publish any data ?
Data-Driven Digital Inclusion Strategies for Gigabit Cities - Read about my grad research on Policy by the Numbers
User Experience Design and Research at scs 2015
Map output on police misconduct in Chicago from Are these hotspots ? Kernel density ? Met
Not at chihacknight - still want to see talk - We've got a live stream going here : -
Replay is great but this system is so awful
Catalyst will cease publishing magazine but will post stories on site til merger w / is final in ' 17 h
Also please stop hating on Chicago . That citys been through too much and has too many of the right answers to be your cute talki
A student by default should always be matched to at least their neighborhood school .
1 + 1 ! = single
Back-to-back NL Central titles ! FlyTheW
Why is choosing a babygirl name so hard ? frust_tweet
& amp ; & amp ; & amp ; I care because ? ... Hop the fuck off
the older and more stable your life is , the better . Plus I'd go out to cocktails with you
Nashville fans , get ready : a major death is coming ! And it's one of these TEN characters :
Please share and retweet thanks
Avengers assemble ! .... in my bedroom ;)
shouldn't have to keep charging my credit card
But officer ! I caught a CHARAZARD . tryingtogetoutofaticket pokemongo jk butseriously
lmao I love it . So much easier than passing notes or texting without keyboards .
No wayyy . Lol ! Maybe wine later
If you're someone who voted for him , you are at a crossroads . You can admit your mistake & amp ; work to fix it . It's not too late .
We are here to keep you united Dragging is strictly prohibited
Patriots ' turnout for President Obama in 2015 vs . Patriots ' turnout for President Trump today :
Police use Fitbit logs to poke holes in husband's claim that intruder killed his wife . Now he's charged with murder .
People who cant afford health care do not deserve to die . I dont know how we can make it any clearer than that .
Trump White House : Russians duped us about those Oval Office photos
Kawhi Leonard : All-NBA First Team
This is great . Luxembourgs First Husband lines up with the First Ladies at a NATO conference . Via h
Just In : Approximately 20 arrested this morning in an organized crime bust . Details to follow .
The full statement from the family of Christine Archibald , the Canadian killed in London attack . She's sparking hashtag Chri
Welcome to Molar City , Mexico , a desert haven of cheap dental care for Americans who can't afford it back home
People who can't afford health care do not deserve to die .
Umm , we need to have a chat ...
THAT'S IT ! ! ! ! gets her belt ! ! ! UFC 214 | B2YB
Left : The official summary ( "" readout "" ) of Trump's call to the governor of Guam Right : Trump's actual words
Apple Pay is dropping support for websites that sell white supremacist merchandise
Totality from Sec 310 . Such a surreal experience . eclispe 2017
This couple has visited every Cracker Barrel in the country :
Ezekiel Elliott 6 game suspension has been upheld by Harold Henderson , per source
Mnuchin doesn't believe the federal government should pay for Meal on Wheels , but he does think taxpayers should pony up for h
Some studies are showing that KIDS . Let me pause right there .... KIDS . In middle school & amp ; high school ... have CTE from f
' Today , Puerto Rico needs our help ... '
UPDATE : Las Vegas shooting now the deadliest mass shooting in United States history .
No . It is disgusting that a president would utter the same words despots have used through history to justify stifling press f
Flacco has less than 0 idea what planet hes currently on
Ezekiel Elliott with some strong words when asked if he has at any point considered accepting his six-game suspension .
Charlie is a really good boy and he did a really good job of dropping the puck .
Was Gabbys comments trash ? Absolutely . Should she get the opportunity to redeem herself ? Absolutely . Everybody didnt grow u
Your professor appears to be what people of my generation call ' a bit of a dick . '
BREAKING : House approves GOP bill making it easier for gun owners to carry concealed weapons across state lines .
thank you all so very much ! ! spending my 30th birthday in the world with you was difficult to imagine 1 year ago WeG
Glad to find you here on twitter !
Ha ! That's exactly what my husband said and I told him it was _too_ scary :)
"" Google to Caption YouTube Videos - NYTimes.com "" ( )
Thinking of catching Youth in Revolt tonight . Love Michael Cera . Anyone seen it yet ?
Let the wars begin Amazon Buys Touchscreen Company for Its Kindle Division [REPORT] -
You mean like this guy ? :) You need an OS made my grown-ups .
"" All in all , the most ecologically virtuous way to read a book starts by walking to your local library . ""
hey ! Thx for invite but we are gonna hang out on Frenchman all night . Txt if u wanna join us after u eat !
Really Seabs ? A penalty in the first 30 seconds ? Blackhawks
LEDDY ON A BREAKAWAY ! ! ! ( Kind of ! ) PPG ! ! ! Blackhawks
End of 2nd . Kings up 4-3 . Blackhawks
I've been failing lately with the whole tweeting thing , but my internship is time consuming plus I have all my homework ...
Win a hat signed by the HarBros . by noon to enter . RULES : VIDEO :
Lots of yelling in the hallway tonight ...
Rangers have really good passing so far in this game ! NYR
Hawks on the PP ! Blackhawks
THAT WAS BEYOND BEAUTIFUL ! Blackhawks
Updates on the game may be non-existent at the beginning of the game because I'm trying to finish a lab report right now .
I'm nervous about Darling in the SO since he doesn't have much experience . Blackhawks
HAWKS WIN ! HAWKS WIN ! ! HAWKS WIN ! ! !
My prof is basically fangirling about how birds are dinosaurs ...
Teams are getting feisty . Blackhawks
I still don't have grades for 2 of my classes and that is really annoying ...
I forgot my hat so now my ears are frozen ... BellLetsTaIk
Time to fail my amino acid quiz ...
We go now live to Buffalo , where the Sabres lead the Blackhawks
16 . Everything I Wanna Do by Here's another one ! iTunesShuffle
Just finished meeting I was so nervous but she is an amazing person !
Thanks ! I'm really excited to read it !
My first edition HP and the SS came today ! ! ! bookmail bookstagram
New Post - Teaser Tuesday 20 - The Madman's Daughter
Time to read more of The Magicians . I think I'm enjoying this book . I definitely love the world , but the story itself is slow so far .
Me too ! I cannot wait !
currentlyreading Breathe by Abbi Glines . I need something light and fluffy , so starting this .
and follow by Monday the 14th for a chance to win a NEMESIS ARC !
So it is already almost 11 and studying is not going well . I have 3 more finals none of which I have any interest in actually studying for .
Giveaway ! & amp ; follow , & amp ; tell me the last 5 - star book u read ! Winner gets their pick ( up to $ 20 ) from Book Depository
Loving the chapter headings in this ! currentlyreading RoseBlood by A . G . Howard bookstagram
This is what shadows look like during a partial eclipse . These are the shadows of individual leaves from a nearby tree last Sol
Friends totally got kicked out of 4 yelling ? ( no cuss words though ) parents around defending them . This is hilarious ! fb
I know it's not Friday , but FF anyways ( this lady is awesome ) . Thanks for your help today , Jen !
Strangly enough , this convo has come up a few times in 24 hrs . Where can I find a Flashmob to join ?
Excited to start training with my new pro bono client ! ! ! This lady rocks ( no , literally . She has some serious vocals ! )
Stay safe , friends in Dallas !
Awesome ! ! Thanks so much .
Once again , Myrna Cabello inspires me ... I love being inspired . :) It kicks your butt in action .
Helping wrap presents for needy kids at Austin Christmas bureau ! They still need help wrapping ! 453-3950
This guy rocks PRT 1st chance to win way into exclusive performance-Eric Hutchinson
Well , THAT didn't go very well . rangers
Rehearsal for CD release party kicked off tonight ! The closing song is ... gonna freakin rock !
Looking for free ACL after shows ? Check out my latest article for austin localmusic ..
Happy Day Before Christmas .
Hmm I am using Fan Reveal and only see Mailchimp icon . Am I missing something ?
eh . It happens . But you have a gnome so all is well .
no kidding ! Been great , but re-examining what part of it makes me happy . How are you ? !
Fantastic to see you lovely ladies ! ATXTravel
Keep on keepin ' on , girl . Love seeing this !
Personal growth shows up in strange ways - like when your computer gets runs over : ouch
Reset Retreat was listed as an ultimate girls getaway on by
Nice ! Welcome to Austin . ( Apologize in advance for the impending rain ... again . )
Nature wins ... Again . Belize AmbergrisCaye
No ! Need to ! Best place to buy ?
Loving the incredible details at austin
"" The here and now is all we have .... and if we play it right , it's all we'll need . "" - Ann Richards
Love this : Would YOU share it if you weren't involved ? SocialMedia Marketing smss 16
Be human . Be personal . Be a connector . TwitterMarketing SocialMedia smss 16
Hey there . Just wanted to let you know that your auto posts from FB are leading to broken links ( from co
Twitter will launch a bookmarking tool in the nearfuture ! YASSSS . Finally .
. @keithsemple great performance ! ! Congrats on the upcoming baby
quotes wordsofwisdom words foodforthought EAST MACON / FORTHILL
Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorfy Colorgram ColourTherapy
Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorfy Colorgram ColourTherapy
dahlia frommygarden Dahlias are blooming very nicely Macon , Georgia
perico 429 Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorfy Colorgram ColourTherapy
perico 429 Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorfy Colorgram ColourTherapy
We have the power within ourselves .
Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorful Colorgram ColourTherapy
Good night / morning bobbyval catch you on the rebound
Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorful Colorgram ColourTherapy
Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorful Colorgram ColourTherapy
Repost . . . unapologetic justsayin beyou stevemaraboli Macon , Georgia
maconga macon perico 429 myphotos Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorful
Sign up now to drive with Juno and secure a low 10.5 % commission ! Use referral code : 5914-218 and learn more at
Put your smoker on cruise control with bbq Ad
maconga macon perico 429 myphotos Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorful
maconga macon perico 429 myphotos Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorful
maconga macon perico 429 myphotos Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorful
maconga macon perico 429 myphotos Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorful
maconga macon perico 429 myphotos Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorful
maconga macon perico 429 myphotos Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorful
maconga macon perico 429 myphotos Recolor Colorfly Coloring PrismaJoy ColorMe Colorful
maconga macon perico 429 myphotos Recolor Colorfly #maconga macon perico 429 myphotos
maconga macon perico 429 myphotos Recolor Colorfly #maconga macon perico 429 myphotos
maconga macon perico 429 myphotos Recolor Colorfly #maconga macon perico 429 myphotos
maconga macon perico 429 myphotos Recolor Colorfly #maconga macon perico 429 myphotos
maconga macon perico 429 myphotos Recolor Colorfly #maconga macon perico 429 myphotos
Repost ( get_repost ) Anyone who ever bet against you was wrong ... you got
* * * Please if you agree * * * Dear I ask that you reconsider advertising on - silencing sexua
We're supposed to believe the women who accused : Bill Clinton Al Franken John Conyers Harvey Weinstein Louis CK Matt La
Mommy ? Is that you ? Can I come ?
Best halftime show I've seen since Aerosmith joined N Sync and Britney Spears back in the day . Amazing !
Hahaha "" she stinks like pee ! "" duckdynasty
I just entered to Win Shell Fuel for a Year for me and 5 friends ! If I Win you might be one of my 5 .
Happy Anniversary to you and your wife as well as happy birthday . May God continue 2 bless you and your family .
I won the limited edition 14 Swag Buck Bill at Swagbucks swagbucks
I just earned 5 Points from searching the web on instaGC .
Ms . Ellie would be in tears if she knew what was happening to her family and of SouthFork - Ewing's do not give up ! ! SaveDallas
Back in the day , there was Dallas / Knot's Landing / Falcon Crest / Dynasty / The Colby's . TV can be gr8 again Pls SaveDallas
I just earned 2 Points from searching the web on instaGC .
I just earned 5 Points from searching the web on instaGC .
The Viewers View will be on CNN tonight with "" Don Lemon "" 10:00 pm ET . Tune in y'all "" WE BE SISTERS "" Diamond and Silk h
The establishment fight against with such gusto but yet chose not to stop the current admin agenda . Bed buddies ?
Just snap receipts to make money & amp ; win real prizes sweepstakes realPrizes Shopprize
Bernie supporters , get on the Trump train - together , we will clean corruption out of Washington DC . We ALL agree , it's rigged !
Watching Fox Busness Network and the protestors are getting unruly DemsInPhilly
How do you know ? Sometimes ppl or companies give w / out the need to have public knowledge aka anonymously .
Maybe he's still hoping to be the Republican nominee .
I am calling for all Trump supporters to express their outrage and anger against DeNiro and all of the Republican turncoats
. @realDonaldTrump want 2 Lower Taxes 4 all Americans . Hillary want 2 penalize businesses , middle class & amp ; working Americ
Has HRC been sitting on a corncob all week ? Where's the cue to smile ? debate
Trump in Miami on "" The people of Haiti were ripped off "" Watch what this Haiti victim has to say about th
Once again , govt has given us the 1 finger salute . It's long over due to draintheswamp - they work for us , not the
if you voted for TRUMP ! ElectionDay Vote Vote 2016
Do we have an epidemic of sexual assaults on school campuses ? Hmm .. Duke Lacrosse , Rolling Stone article ? Well ... look how that turned out .
First black president snuck $ 221 million to the Palestinians instead of sending it to Flint where he received 100 % of
Watching try to have a conversation on FBN with that puking punk was too much . Mercedes , you are arguing with an idiot .
The Democratic Party - the party of jackasses ! ! !
Agreed . Now , why haven't you censured for colluding with Castro on behalf of cop-killing race terrorist
Why don't U take time 2 remove the corncob that is stuck up your butt , say a prayer for TX & amp ; for & amp ; stop blov
DemoRATS & amp ; Fake News who are beating for the Gold Star call are the same ones who support kneeling during National Anthem .
One would think you would be terrified seeing the man who "" assaulted "" you & amp ; you would cause a ruckus . However , sin
I want to thank all of you who have stood with me in this very important battle for the future of our country .
I joined Shop It To Me and you should too - here's a private invite !
Win $ 1,000 to Gilt for spreading the word about the Designers for WWD @100 Sale 9/15- 17
Top 5 Ways to Accept Online Payments from Customers
Hey , neighbor . Your dog sounds like it's dying . You might want to check into that . You know , instead of ignoring it .
In light of the Duggar scandal .... breathefire empowerwomen empowerchildren
SCORE ! Avoid Copyright Issues with 354 Million Creative Commons Photos from Visual Hunt - via
ImOnlyAwakeBecause I'm on a deadline .
Struggling with dialogue in your NaNoWriMo project ? has a great article covering the basics .
Found a new fave Twitter user . This Deep Sea Fisherman Posts His Discoveries and OH MY GOD KILL IT WITH FIRE
$ 35 off for first-time Airbnb users .
I Got the Awesome Blogger Award Because ImAwesome
NASCAR chief Brian France and an ugly divorce caused by dab laws that place children in the middle via
If you have followed this case this is great news - Ohio Amish girl won't be forced to renew chemo via
The die is cast and the question is , are you on board or are you going to do nothing - 6 states + via
Gut said they would retry Hunter on the 8 charges jury was hung on . She made too many mad with antics . via
Preparation is knowing that there will be a problem or opposition and handling it before it becomes a problem . Like chess , think far ahead .
So we have now stooped to rent a dad for Fathers Day ? Friends go to Craiglist for ' generic dad ' on Father's Day
I liked a video Ali Cook on Penn Teller Fool Us
Bademosi with great coverage and the Giants will punt . DETvsNYG
But Stafford is able to get into the end zone on 4th down . Officials call it TD . DETvsDAL
I liked a video The Bank Said No To This
isn't that what businesses are supposed to do ... So this is a good thing ... Now government can get back to other things
The Tea Party didn't block traffic , try to get into people cars , became violent , attack people or property & amp ; even cleaned up
this is fakenews no one can confirm it , or even who said it first for sure
most are lazy because the government will take care of them and they don't have to work , I know slot like that
every president has done this
Media caught reporting false Trump story claiming he sent his lawyers after a Calif . teen via
I this option was used in 2013 , by Dems to push things through when they had majority but not 60 votes ,
VIDEO : Crushes 2nd Home Run in 3rd Minor-League Game
Gronk just crashed Sean Spicer's press briefing
I agree , it is fun how it is awesome when on person does it and unconstitutional
Here are some surprising ways exercise affects your brain
Alot of the smaller countries no one cares about ar
A cold hamburger can be reheated quite nicely by strapping it to an exhaust pipe and riding forty miles .
We're into the single digits ! 9 more Sundays !
I got our wrist bands
Hillary Clinton's link to a former KKK leader and senator surfaces again after Charlottesville
Even though he voted against it the last few times it was brought up .... He alright for him but not others ...
Hungary Builds a Wall , Cuts Illegal Immigration by Over 99 Per Cent
Try holding a political protest in your office , and find out how long before you get led out of the building ,
I liked a video 10 AWESOME LIFE HACKS !
1 ) In Idaho , you stay in contact with health and welfare and show you are looking and has lon
I liked a video I'M GONNA BE IN A MOVIE !
One week until ThorRagnarok . Get your tickets now :
wow can she dance wish the photographer had a better camera
Dresden Files Death Masks chapter 23 : via
Please don't be too hard on him . Fine him or Suspend him , but be a little leanient please .
This is why I need help ! !
The Walking Dead returns in 165 days .
Retweet to congratulate on his 600th career start tonight !
Here I am again watching Season 4 of on Netflix . October can't get here soon enough . TheWalkingDead NormanReedus
I found this awesome recording of "" The Cowboy Rides Away "" on Smule : SingKaraoke
Ed Harris was born to be a cowboy ya'll westworld
I hate that . I remember years ago when a bunch of showrunners were in a room together and bashed fanfic / shippers . Saw red .
Just hit send on my PW materials to my mentor ahhhhhhhhhh . At least she'll catch any typos or madness before it goes , right
PitchWars agent round has left my computer looking like the day after a party ... keys sagging , desktop littered with use
It is incredible that it a 3 month draft came out that well . It took me 3 YEARS to get my PW MS that good . You are amazing !
A writer must query his manuscript to agents before falling prey to his insecurities while tormented by his oft-refreshed
I think it's because I'm hardcore plotter type tbh . I think pantsers are the ones who can just sit down and riff a story .
A reverse Turing test--a roboticist trying to stop a civil war in Africa begins to doubt his humanity . Westworld + Bourn
totally noticed that too . There were like NO women . Lots of POC , but distractingly low amounts of women .
I also know that every time I diet , my scale doesn't move for like two weeks and then 5 lbs just vanishes . So . Here's hoping .
It's also for people who love writing . Because in I apply writing craft and Austin applies quality principles to improve films
I've bought this print and the shark one from him in person . He is such a character .
exactly true ! Which is why I think it must be acknowledged and fought . We all deserve equality of opportunity .
Not meant to be cruel or anything . Just wanted PSA for any hopefuls out there . Don't do those things and you'll be ahead of the competition !
At the end of the day I'm on Team Do What You Want , but ppl saying to spend a mortgage amount just to "" become empathetic ? "" Kinda privileged .
God is "" dead "" and needs a replacement . But no one expects an LGBT teen to get the job , esp . not her fundamentalist dad . P
I have to pack for 10 days in Italy and just plan mentally prepare myself for 10 days in Italy , like knowing where the embassies are .
I am in love with Tales From The Borderlands . That is all . RhysIsBae FionaIsBae AthenaIsBae
13 . One cool thing about Boone is that he's spent half his life on a ship . Relativistically it took him 14 yrs to get from Earth to Trappist
I definetly had some scotch
Well , I'm not remotely vitamin B12 deficient . The only thing they found is that my vitamin D was 19 and I have high cholesterol .
I did really enjoy the book it's based on !
In film , it's different . People are a lot more "" I've got mine , so screw yours . "" People are a lot more Hunger Games about it .
Me : I need this shoulder rig My wallet : are you - Me : I also need this deadcat My wallet : can we - Me : Monopods are cool My wallet : pls stop
Time for some fun !
Imagine how much better Goodreads or whatever would be if they didn't have to condense reaction to art down to a number .
But in a moment of frustration , especially when some jerk YET AGAIN DOES NOT USE THEIR TURN SIGNAL , we fall on "" people suck . ""
And Bryan Singer is defending him . Ya'll . At this rate Matthew Vaughn is the only X-Men director who isn't a total
I drove to Myrtle Beach on back roads last year and .... yeah . So . much . abandonment . Ghost towns and
I also adore Fanboys , so I'm really excited to see him get back to screenwriting !
"" Your tweets have been suspended due to your supreme body odor "" uhm no thank you
althought corrosive , most acid can be found in places
Having no class and being a royal pain in everyone else's civilized butt countrythang
One time I had a chicken over as a friend
do you like it ? :/ I was a little disappointed
Those glasses won't look so cool after I annihilate 90 % of the bone structure in your face .
I just want someone to love me like loves cranberry juice
You can't beat All Things Bright and Beautiful . I don't even think Adam can ...
Loving the grass and working out the fire
* eats dinner at 10:45 *
Please stop asking the professor about his personal life while he's lecturing on theophany
"" I'm just kidding , you don't help me live at all . But you're a nice touch ""
SO WOKE * me after my nap *
New Pizza Hut stuffed crust pizza now stuffed with V O I D and topped with E T E R N A L S U F F E R I N G
* has a 7 page paper due * * barely types one literal page * Time for snacks and a show and to go out and buy new socks now
9 am me always regrets 3 am me
Person : "" Wow are you cold ? "" Me : * underneath 5 coats 2 scarves and 10 mittens * "" Not anymore ""
I'm going on a mad unfollow spree
"" I did it the same way but I got a different number ""
I love it when the fans win the sports match
My doorknob was being loud so i PUNCHED IT
"" Zach is like a 16 year old who just downed a gallon and a half of pure sugar ""
its a good thing microwaves are so tiny else i woulda crawled inside of one by now tbh lol
Trump voter panelist : "" If Jesus Christ gets down off the cross and told me Trump is with Russia , I would tell him , ' Hold on a s
I have a very upset stomach . stomach : "" I just want to end it all ""
deal ! linda darf mitkommen ?
' schulligung ich wrd ma gern ihr ipad abholen . fahrradkurier
unschuldsvermutung ? pah ! nicht hier ! viel geld = schuldig !
Kann mal jemand ne Sturmflut nach Grobritannien bringen ? Danke :)
lass keine leute mit aktentasche hinein - es knnte ein hedge-fonds manager sein :D
- stylish individual - ahhh , cameltoe !
in den katholischen drfern gehts mehr zur sache als am ponyhof vor den toren der stadt . fahr mal nach ostfriesland :D
Das dieser Makler aber auch wirklich jedes Mal zu spt ist , ist wirklich ein rgernis .
oh , da hat die s-it aber richtig was springen lassen ;) aoc
Gerade den Red Roots von Markowitsch getrunken : Gar nicht so bel ! Danke !
hast du virii virii ?
Gnihihi , wenn kleine Kinder Parksheriffs in der U-Bahn betrollen enjoytheride
to go out of business
Wo sind die ganzen Klima-ULFs und V-Wgen , wenn man sie wirklich braucht ? Bestimmt alle ohne Passagier irgendwo am Ende der U2 unterwegs ...
Da konnte ich den 3 APN aber nicht benutzen .
LOL und schon ist das ZAMG geDDOSt
Oh , Frau Dr . Constanze Kurz in der Tagesschau :)
wenn das wetter in prag genauso schn ist wie in wien , solltest du aber besser outdoor working betreiben :) )
oh , korreliert das mit dem zombi-apocalypse-diplomarbeit mdchen ?
och , fr meine paar schnappschsse reichts locker :) vorteil ist , es ist immer dabei . fr bessere bilder brauchts auch mehr skills .
im 12 . gehts schon schlangenlos
ich auch ! Kann sogar noch die Nummer meiner Lieblingsmailbox auswendig :D * hach *
Ich bin ja echt gespannt auf die Bezirksergebnisse , insbesondere Innere Stadt und Simmering
vor allem an der frage der erkennbarkeit des fugngers die strae queren zu wollen aufhngen . dabei spielt sicher auch die
was favst du dir schon wieder rein ? ;)
I just assassinated an ambassador . spymaster
I just attempted to assassinate but failed . spymaster
I just created propaganda leaflets . spymaster
I just attempted to assassinate but failed . spymaster
& amp ; follow for a chance to win a Blue Dress Ariel Pop !
Who ever did the casting for Oz is worth their weight in gold . JK Simmons ( guy from Allstate commercials ) looks just like Heinrich Himmler .
Yup it's a fuckitall day . Off to Taco Bell for lunch .
If its a windows tablet I am so not helping her with trouble shooting that garbage . Sure you can extend the desktop . But it looks like shit
Although the blonde nurse practitioner in the clinic is ridiculously hot . I should have gone inside . Stupid dat ass envy
why not do something about the outage ? Is it unreasonable for them to have the same uptime as rest of alphabet inc ?
I have such a chip on my shoulder living out here . I should have convinced my wife to move to North Olmsted instead . It's too snooty here
Not even the scoreboard is safe from
I can't be silent on this . I watched the video . The cast was respectful and honest . Quit whining , grow a spine , and suc
Best line from the latest season of Orange Is the New Black : "" Your eyebrows are plural ! ""
Gained 3 followers and lost 3 ( stats by
Pay attention to what this young man has to say .
God does not believe in me , and the feeling is mutual .
The Stunning Green Vine Snake WorldSnakeDay
Its funny how people who give advice always say it like we had no idea we were overweight !
The first act by Donald's new Communications Director is to delete his past communications . Deleting the truth to start fr
Mitch . McConnell . Is . Calling . Other . People . Obstructionists ... YouHaveToBeFInKiddingMe SkinnyRepeal CSpan
"" I refuse to prove that I exist . "" says God . "" for proof denies faith , and without faith I am nothing . "" atheist
John McCain is an American hero & amp ; one of the bravest fighters I've ever known . Cancer doesn't know what it's up against . G
He got hired , divorced , had a baby , and fired in 10 days . Like a fruit fly . Scaramucci
Listen to as much music as you can and ideas will appear in your head with a lightspeed
Nobody Needs War More Than Unpopular President WhyWeMustImpeachTrumpIn 7Words WednesdayWisdom
On a serious note , to my friends in the storm's path , hoping it's not bad . BeSafe !
This cracks me up ! beyonce parody I have to share with Enchanting Smiles Family Dentistry because they were ...
Fake . You obviously don't know biology nor human anatomy .
Yesss ! Blue Stahli although , this is me BEFORE my coffee !
In case you are looking for a reputable charity other than Red Cross :
I can't find anything wrong with this video . MrsBettyBowers AmericasBestChristian
I don't get why the first thing people want to do after a tragedy is pray . You do understand that the god allowed the
Hijab is only an old habit of the habitants of the desert , as it protects them from the sun and the s
Who swam 290 miles in 72 hours ? This guy ! Follow me on the free Global Search Tracker app for iPhone or Android .
Nope . Nope . Nope . Nope . PregnancyIn 4Words childfree CF nope
The more you believe in yourself , the more successful you will become .
How did you decide you were atheist ? Atheism JustCurious
Im tired of all yall ! J / k ... been awake 40 hours straight . Im just tired . Yall can keep talking . Im going to sleep .
Fabulously . I never have to defend a verbally incontinent , psychologically unbalanced , grotesquely ignorant failure wh
I fucking love you Atlanta impeach 45 TrumpRussia
Nah ! ! We just laugh at how deplorables think they are informed ..
Hey Klay , someone used it for a miraculous light show featured on Fox News ' facebook :
Creating my own entertainment . Day 3 - calling the BSU and telling them you want to kill yourself . inspirefear funny
"" Should I feed the seagull .. ? "" "" There is a sign underneath that
Well Jesus won't be coming back anytime soon . He'll never be able to get through customs .
The news is real . The president is fake .
When you finally look at how much money you spent over the weekend
Close one eye , tilt your phone and look at this from the charger hole
This is what cleaning my room looks like
my favorite kind of people
mood : need new clothes
We're all a sucker for somebody .
Gonna come back to school fat
You know I'd do anything for you right ?
I have a great opportunity available in Colorado Springs for a Transportation Engineer and also for a Civil / Structural Engineer . Please sen
Aviation , Transportation , Planning , Security Systems August 26 , 2013 11:00 a . m 3:00 p . m Reagan International Airport Terminal A Room
To my Salt Lake City , Utah connections , URS Corporation is HIRING ! This is a great opportunity for a new college grahttp :/ / t.co / NpuiIoEXoQ
AECOM is hiring in Baton Rouge ! Senior Bridge Engineer . Please like and share ! aecomjobs
Interested in this job ? Take a look : Scheduler - I , Transportation Program Management in Denver , CO aecomjobs
AECOM is hiring in Oakland . Construction Inspector needed for our Water Business Unit . Apply online !
I wanted to share a really great position I am looking to fill within our Rocky Hill office . James Sullivan , PE pleahttps :/ / t.co / g3ic2pz4qL
Interested in working on water / wastewater projects with a variety of primarily municipal clients in Houston and throhttps :/ / t.co / mpa 0lw07IW
MustFollow TFBJP HitFollowsTeam F4F #FollowBack TeamFollowBack FOLLOW
Last 24 Hours = 1 Followers and 0 Unfollowers get your stats at
Last 24 Hours = 0 Followers and 1 Unfollowers get your statistics at
Registered for hacksummit , a virtual event of top developers . Check it out !
Retweet if you're in KeelanNation .
I swear my car just squealed when I went through the car wash . torontoweather
A guide to mental health treatment , from Psychotherapy to CBT and more BellLetsTalk :
a sweet and thoughtful gift
thank you for your coverage this year . Your insight and opinions are appreciated . Have a great off season .
If someone messes up , let them know , but if they keep messing up , let them go
So is Bruce gonna do the kylieLipChallenge ? ?
Y'all muthafuckas OnHere man , I tell ya ...
Kinda wanna get my nails re painted today ...
They need to quit Chris Brown Threatens Tyson Beckford Over Photo With ( cont )
We miss our channels ! !
Watching lil mama dance in this video and it's like Jack Skellington dancing around
Capricorn hates the feeling of "" owing "" anyone anything .
Dont throw stones if you live in a glass house
YESSS ! DID that ! ! TheView
so ? Sir so did nellyville so what is that saying ? platinum is only a million ( cont )
Rubio ... so are them 2 fuckas next to you . Smh . Lol CNNDebate GOPDebate
Happy birthday Sam Bradford ! Lol
Story of my new years . Lol ImOld
So am i the only one that noticed single moms always post their kid's first and middle name ? LMAOOOO !
She say she like it when I'm nasty ... told her sit on my face - "" Walls ""
TYLER ULIS GOT MY RESPECT ! ! ! ! !
I don't play with grown folks .
Bout to be DENY DENY DENY for the rest of the day if they dont get this shit together
Thats how you can spot an alcoholic
And got my mom a mother's day card ...
Damn ... homegirl is a hater MikiHowardStory
This girl is special . LMAO
WYS .... My office already on shaky ground .... That ruined my plans to go to Dallas next weekend though . lol
When I hear a black person talking about black-on-black crime
LMAO ! ! ! !
The Hype is Real . Join your friends . Download MileUp and automatically earn rewards for every mile you drive .
Idk what to get anybody for christmas .... * Sigh *
"" Id think of what was wrong , and Id come to the conclusion that it was all of me . ""
"" I'm still writing about you and you haven't read a word . ""
Is was 10 degrees on Monday . 56 degrees today . Earthlings better believe we need a new home to destroy .... Eventually .
tagging u for the song .
GhostAdventures HellHolePrison BEST EVIDENCE BY FAR
. is starting a much needed conversation on his fb page . And we him for it .
buying panties at pink is so annoying bc once u think u finally got some w / o writing on them u check the back they say shit
Arthur lived , so Lupin had to die . I'm sorry . I didn't enjoy doing it . The only time my editor ever saw me cry was over the
at least i know nobodys using me for my looks
sleeping is hard in the summer because blankets are too warm but without blankets im vulnerable to monsters
My heart is absolutely broken . I miss you Christina
I've got seven beautiful grandchildren and I will be damned if I leave them a world which is not habitable .
even if he HAD a gun . Isn't that what half the country is campaigning for ? !
I personally love waking up to dogs barking at 6:30 am .
Don't be ashamed of what you are going through . People love you so much and care about your well being and your safety .
Okay guys , today is the day . If I see Attractive Guy in the break room I'm asking him what his name is . AttractiveGuyChronicles
I think I'm still drunk ? ? ?
Giuseppe Zanotti stole my heart
oh dear god , I've already seen a doc about Maryville , not impressed . How bout u educate yourselves on rape
those guys were honestly so creepy . He told us we smelled good ? ?
For every retweet BellLetsTalk will donate 5 cents to mental health initiatives . Let's make twitter a happy place toda
. @colesprouse I don't remember actually . I was too busy carrying the show on my back
Me : I wonder why I've been getting so many headaches / feel stressed out ? Me : * comes home to a freeloader every single night * Me : oh right .
I am slowly , amazedly , beginning to delight again in the workings of my own mind : which has been shut off like an untid
Days off work and still coming to make sure my business runs
My view of Atlanta skyline 26floors up ... Gonna be a good weekend Hilton Atlanta
I'm coming to chill with you lol jk your chilling always seems fun and chill
It's a great day ! ! ! !
I'm late but I got you cuzo
Truth is some of the strongest men in the world go through that they're not used to , they're so
Oh yeah GOOD MORNING PPL ! ! ! Have an awesome day rp
He has a purpose for everything and just bc you don't know what it is , don't ruin it trying to rush
rp and on that note ...... Goodnight
No one is perfect , I make mistakes , I make bad choices and decisions , I go through stuff just like the
It's blurry , who cares .... I never knew I could give so much life , until I started living ! ! !
Lil late night meal by me with baked cream of mushroom pork chops chefboyrnegro
Up late night , thinking of all my business ventures . At 28 there's so much I pray to accomplish that
Late night but it's still early ! ! !
Life in some of my fav cities Atlanta , Charlotte , and of course Greenville ! tbt I'm ready to travel
Hope he loves kicks like his daddy !
T . I Paper Work
Always the goal ! !
Guess Ima act like I'm not sweating and hot as .... out in these streets ... But I surely do look
only strategic moves being made .... Gotta make it ! ! ! !
REPOST 4 ME * I WANT 2 SEE U ON AUGUST 29TH VIBE LOUNGE IN GREENVILLE * WHITE & amp ; BLACK VIRGO BDAY PARTY
LOVE this place ! RT The stuff that dreams are made of . ( Credit to for this tasty moment . )
Need some ideas for your next vacation ? hikingtrails travel
Be in control of your mortgage payment by knowing what causes problems . mortgagetips f ...
Can't believe I have a 3rd grader ... smh ... where does the time go ?
did you still need help with your Spanish ?
favoritesongever Isley Brothers - Between the Sheets
Okkkaaaayyyy .... we will see
LoL ! You ! Act like you can't stop by and see nobody !
and longer than 5 minutes too !
Just make sure they're circumcised first ! Lmao !
2 shots in ! Somebody pour me another shot !
Now the score is 168 to 28 ! Lmfao ! He better not resign either !
Going to the grocery store hungry
Teacher's job is never done ... smh
But I will pick up and move on
I just beat Artice by 209 points ! Think you can beat me ? GamesWithFriends
I'm not team iphone :( I forgot to delete all ya stanking emoji !
lol ! I'm so hard on phones though ! I don't want it looking dingy in a month ! Lol
to me it feels better than getting them waxed and it last longer
I wish you were gonna be here ...
This episode of Martin where the men cooking Thanksgiving dinner > > > > > > > >
Sagittarius have high emotion levels . When they're happy , they're ecstatic ; but when they are mad run for the hills .
I have my dvr set to record any of the new episodes and when I looked at my list it recorded Thursday at 9
girl it was ! I got you tommorrow !
Girl ! ! ! Here's a kiss for you and Baby K !
Sagittarius are affectionate and very touchy feely and expect their partners to be the same .
That was my song ! ! ! nowplaying No Better Love ( feat . Rell ) by Young Gunz
* gasp * I didn't know ! ! ! Lol * cautiously puts up extension cord * lol good morning sis
This ! ! ! The full remi though ? Lmao ! Is she supposed to get a full remi sew-in so it ( cont )
I got off on time from a job I love , walked w / full health to my car , drove to my place , turned my air on , & amp ; am c ...
Look who her owner is ... Of course my dog would be the anti social one at the dog park .
oh I will haha Texas aint got shit puremichigan
Over sized shirts and no pants is my way to go .
Watch pixelpixii with me on Twitch ! if you don't mind me failing at this (: haha !
Look out woman driver ! Destiny XboxONE
Will Forte promises that MacGruber 2 is his first priority after The Last Man on Earth : htt
How Windows 10 Will Affect Microsoft Partners : A Feature-by-Feature Guide
Lei Jun : Xiaomi Wont Release A 399 Yuan ( $ 64 ) Smartphone Android Google
Legacy of the Void will conclude the StarCraft story
7 Simple Photography Hacks you HAVE to try photography
Razer-licious - Newegg Razer perhiperals tech computer DIY PC
Aged like a fine wine for 33 years . StarWarsBattlefront
Fires in North Korea NASA
Well , I have one good thing to look forward to !
The Answer is ready ! Are you ? UFCManila : vs Urijah Faber LIVE Saturday May 16th 10am ET on
Watch the cast perform a Westeros-themed musical for Red Nose Day :
Stormtrooper at DICE Selfie StarWarsBattlefront
Country Man - Don't be a tape player hater
Making the final adjustments before last Beta Test of Level 1 screenshotsaturday gamedev gamedevrobot indiedev htt
A quick hands-on with Office 2016 for Mac - DownloadingOffice TechTech
Want to work on thelongdark ? We have some new open positions at Please share . game
Who is on your lineup ? Get a 100 % Deposit & amp ; Gold Match by signing up through
BLOG : Prep Football Scoreboard & amp ; Standings , UPDATED
Via Lovely new photo of DavidTennant and Catherine Tate DoctorWho
For never was a story of more woe than this of Juliet and her Romeo .
Yall might get tired of this post but guess what just came on ! FriendsInLowPlaces Pandora
compelling insight on why won't and can't release his taxreturns
Ok I suppose this is why I am simply a sideline commentator . You win GoEagles PHIvsCHI
Ok , no nails are KILLING my typing
We're talking interactivity on today's takeover post for BeamThemeWeek !
Airing again it is definitely something to watch along with YearsOfLivingDangerously YearsProject ParisAccord
This is PC only ? So now , years later , when each console has between 2 - 4x the population each compare
El Bara se pone a 10 de los mandriles ( 1juego menos ) y a 20 del valencia !
Qe buen gol se avecina un gran partido con este gol tempranero ! Aunqe es dudosa la posicion de eto'o su definicion fue genial #championsenFox
palabrashorrorosas alejate es lo mejor adios !
nada en casa solo u_u ! Obveo qe se cocinar preparo un atun a la mayonesa bn bueno ! xdd
milito con el segundo para el inter ( yn )
Te he querido en el pasado , te quiero en el presente y si me permites te querr eternamente
El publico del tottenham representa el jugador numero 12 qe el club necesita para ver si logran el milagro
Alves "" El rey de las finales "" ha ganado 13 de 14 finales que ha disputado
Pep va preparado mas que nunca para las estrategias de mou y del madrid .. Aqui algunos de los datos que a dado el mister :
final del primer tiempo pierden los mandriles 1-0 contra el zaragosa ! ! buena esa iker xdd
final de partido Manchester 2-1 Chelsea lor reds devils estan a 1punto del titulo ; el Barcelona debe estar pendiente con este manchester
Xavi y Puyol dieron la vuelta de honor con la ' senyera ' de surafrica fcbarcelona
awww Buen Dia Futtu * - * TQM
Esa paisa lo que dio fue un paseo xdd
y se vino la prorroga ! ! grande el esfuerzo de los charruas ! !
Valledupar , algun dia nos veremos :D
El Bara 7 remates a puerta , 5 goles y un palo , solo el fcbarcelona lo puede hacer ! ! Bara Baara Baaaara ! !
excelente anoche en cala , y felicitaciones porque vas a ser papa
Empieza PaquiaoVsMarquez le voy a Dinamita Marquez , por la cuestion de Latino ! ! Pero Pacquiao asussssssta ! !
Tener la posibilidad de ver jugar a Federer es uno de los grandes placeres que nos da la vida ! !
Si supieras cuanto te pienso , me denunciarias por acoso mental
Si tu ex te dice ; - jamas encontraras alguien como yo ! Contestale ; - Esa es la idea ;)
Jajjajajajajajajajjajajajajaja la cancion , el pato me hace cuak cuak en mi rancho bonito jajajajajaja
Bueno mi gente ya hay papa y maduro quien coloca la carne ?
Si ver a espaa da gusto , ver a Brasil es soar imaginar y deleitar ..
Hay quienes te aman por lo que eres y otros que te odian por la misma razn ...
drinks victoria ron happy Solare
FutbolTotalDIRECTV pero que hablan del penal de neymar esta temporada a cobrado todos los penales del Barcelona as
LET'S KILL ' EM !
Never trust someone who's favorite Star Wars movie is Phantom Menace .
When Luke is getting dressed in the summer what does he hear Obi-Wan's voice say ? Use the shorts , Luke .
How did the Jedi exit out of the application on his computer ? He force quit .
The word CONstitution sounds so negative . Since ' pro ' is the opposite of ' con ' we should call it prosti ..... oh wait ...
NVM , other way around
If this bitch tries to show me one more picture of her cat , I'm either going to try and get her fired or quit .
The person below uses a penis pump
Matt Damon has to play Robin , right ?
Single Taken Waiting for How I Met Your Mother , Season 9 .
It's a new season WeWantTheCup NYRBelieve
Johnny Manziel Says He Wants To Party With Charlie Sheen , Gronk , And Tiger Woods : HeilManzeil
Enough of the God damn Butt Fumble already
I was surprised Jameis Winston didn't thank the Florida State Police Department in his Heisman Speech
How come Santa never had kids ? I hypothesize Santa is shooting blanks
Use your five iron . You think so ? Give me my wedge * chips in / single pistol * Five iron huh ? Well youre firedBye -
Going to the front of the lunch line and pretending theyre seeing what food is being served but then cutting everyone
I vouched for you , okay ? This looks bad on ME ! This dishonors ME , and all I have is my honor !
How I feel right now
I'm half expecting her to start painting her toenails .
A Rowdy Gentleman believes that history began on July 4th , 1776 .
A 5 - year old in California tested positive for cocaine . His parents became suspicious when he asked for a kilo of ice cre
Luke is getting a Rafi Bomb on Saturday , that's all that matters .
Someone just called my house about installing solar panels . In the middle of a snow storm . What a dumb dildo .
Djais does xmas in july wellll im calling pks to organize chanukkah in august whos with me
Can you be on like Fourth Ave near Main St ?
Get your orders in early Pick up 1-6 pm SUPER BOWL SUNDAY freehold 732-462-1040 aberdeen 732-566-6674 wings bestwingsin
I don't care if Summer is considered over , I'm still going to D'Jais tomorrow .
Trill niggas dont die we just get rich then go to heaven ....
Guess I'm off to sleep .... fwy n the mornin
uncle tion where our bitch at buss her down and pass her don't be hoggin her lol LOUD ...
I just bought a movie n sumbody already got it
This nigga got me ridin around blowin this strong ....
Gotta get away from here
a fuck nigga thats that shit I dont like
y u ain't n school
I'm tired ! Klass rough ! eyes heavy ! BarelyMakingit
2k13 my player the truth .....
I b gettin high just to balance out the lows
I'm not an athlete but I'm a straight baller
My day will consist of me , my bed , and my Tv ....
All I want is cars clothes green bitches n money
Pet Sitting / Dog Boarding Services Brisbane , Queensland see now at
i bought oceanhorn and plague road . Did , they ship already ?
Amazing game what a fun pre season football local game
Hopefully dracula can't track cellphone signals
Follow & amp ; for a Chance to Win 1 of 5 Codes for Blacksea Odyssey ( X1 ) by Ends 9PM ET .
Follow & amp ; for a Chance to Win 1 of 5 Copies of Alphabear : Hardcover Ed . ( Steam ) by Ends 9PM ET .
JubeiFlick Jubei's primal urges kick in and he's terrorising the yarning community . Only Detective Lichi
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an SDCC 2017 exclusive glow-in-the-dark The Tick Pop !
Which in turn means these people need too be careful monetizing videos and should
& amp ; follow for the chance to win an SDCC 2017 exclusive Night King Pop !
We hear you , FreekNation . Let's do this again ! to RSVP Giveaway starts at 1pm EST AtomicHappyHour
for a chance to win a trip to Madrid & amp ; other FIFA 18 [E] prizes . NoPurchNec . Ends 10/10 / 17 . XboxPromotion Rules :
& amp ; follow for the chance to win a water bottle !
& amp ; follow for a chance to win an NYCC 2017 exclusive Mini Hikari Mickey Mouse 2 - pack !
Yes ...... YEEEEEEESSSSS ! ! ! !
We've got a SeaOfThieves special for you this WinWednesday ! Follow us and Retweet before 4pm BST tomorrow to enter !
& amp ; follow for the chance to WIN a NYCC Exclusive ThunderCats Vynl . 2 - Pack ( featuring Lion-O + Mumm-Ra )
That's a ds lite . Come on now
I'm giving away a Halo Wars 2 Complete Edition download code ! ( #XboxOneX Enhanced title ) Also playable on Win 10 . & amp ; fo
I'd display mine , but no place too do it . So they wait patiently in the
Dont miss Black Friday deals ! for a reminder when all BestBuyBlackFriday deals are available .
My vita copy is on the way as we speak
Not everyone who owns a switch is a mario fan
Like the shirt I'm wearing
The $ 10 2 day air ship doesn't come up , so false advertising ?
The most dangerous animal in the world :
So glad we don't have school
Why is there a p in raspberries
WHY ARE YOU STILL TAKING THE TEST
Katy perry is my fav
I'm surrounded by idiots . Scar ( The Lion King )
Omg cheese fries sound so good rn
omg look at its eyelashes they're so long
nah I won't be mean
I take care of my tummy by never forgetting to eat . Pooh
nah I don't like the beach
Never wearing a skirt again
But my bed is so warm
PLEASE LETS SPREAD THE WORD OUT
Seguiremos aportando proyectos e ideas para un gran Uruguay - Nueva Esperanza Lavalleja
"" Todos los hombres cometen errores , pero slo los sabios aprenden de sus errores "" . Winston Churchill
El senador critic al gobierno por "" despilfarrar "" los recursos pblicos .
Y de los mismos autores "" Yo vi el ttulo de Sendic "" llega "" En Venezuela hay democracia porque hay 3 Poderes funcionando "" ( d
Saludos desde una radio colega en Uruguay aqui por la ciudad de Minas
El agradecimiento a la hinchada por acompaar siempre . Maana el plantel viaja a Venezuela . Esto sigue . DaleBolso ! ! !
Un momento nico e inolvidable Me siento orgulloso de mis orgenes y de este gran reconocimiento . #graciasnacional urugu
Sebastin Piera y Beatriz Snchez ganan las elecciones primarias en Chile
Por el corrupto de Lula van a hacer una manifestacin . Por el polica muerto lo crucifican . Est es la izquierda . La de siemp
Siguen mintiendo desde el gobierno con el tema de la inclusion financiera . Los mamdados bien hechos al nefasto sistema internacional
Lacalle Pou acusa silencio cmplice y vergonzoso de Uruguay con Maduro . Dice que "" ampara negocios particulares "" .
Para defender a los pueblos hay que estudiar ... Muy bien Carrio muy bien
Comite de emergencia brinda detalles de situacion en Lavalleja al mediodia del sabado .
Santa Lucia cenando con las mas lindas , , , , y yo
Mi querido Las Delicias inaugurando la iluminacion de su cancha ... momento magico
Conference call , same team as last year , same project , same instructions , but yet still calls
No you don't fucking appreciate it you are just happy you got your way don't thank me just hang up oh and fuck you
Interesting no money in the family budget for dental care ... but lots of cash for stuffed animals .....
hahahah Mackenzie Moron ! Good one !
Cardinals are off to play the Brewers and the phillies are off to be viewers
dear mackenzie FU love and kisses your blackberry
Taylor Swift I love you girl but leave last Christmas to George Michael with his whispery Merry Christmas
that is turning into a NY Met type injury
Thank you so much for the pic of your sister . I have a 9 yr old princess with Downs . Thanks for raising awareness ! !
I can't take another show . Now it's the man with the 80pound scrotum . He says he ain't seen his penis since 2004 . I Cant !
Those 4 for a dollar dutches come in clutch afff
Trucks are such a panty dropper car tbh
Omg I hate grabba spliffs
Love smoking in the shower tbh
Omg a Palm tree branch hit my sliding door loud af and I almost shitted bricks thinking someone was gonna rob us
yessss I miss pr so much
I want you behind my bedroom doors ready or not , we're about to speed up
I still got what you need .
I hate having oc and nothing to do
when ya phone is that dry to the point u think something's wrong w / it
I hate driving with shoes on
Half of you aren't even posh ...
This is what heaven looks like :
ImThatGirlfriend that if I ask you for a kiss and you literally only give me one Ima be like
I wanna watch straight outta Compton
Can't say I never tried
I do not play when it comes to my sleep
You can get it tbh
staring at yourself in the bathroom mirror at a party when ur trying to get ur drunk ass to chill
Can I just be 12 and watch disney channel all day again bruh tryna get a job so I can buy more drugs is tough
Feel good af after that workout
If you like Panda Express then you're nasty
I always look forward for March because it's Fashion Month
SOCIAL ANXIETY IS SO FUCKIN ANNOYING LIKE U START TO PANIC OR THINK UR EMBARRASSING YOURSELF WHILE DOING NORMAL THINGS LI
Did you know Silk has a ton of Smoothie Solutions , like this Orange Blossom ? SilkSmoothie
If youre curious about buying a juicer , Juicepresso has your answers . -
Me : Haha imagine if Felix could hack into my Twitter accATTENTION EVERYONE FELIX IS THE MOST AWESOME CAT EVER .
We recommend not letting the kids use you as the weights :
I'm getting a DEPRAVED HEART Chatterbox ! :
TipsOnBeingSuperCool Have a cat . Live like a cat . Actually BE a cat . You get the idea .
I applied to be a Chatterbox for Boursin Cheese ! BoursinCheesePack Sponsored :
KelloggsOrigins Ancient Grains is a great start for my day . Nutritious and Delicious ! Vocalpoint FreeSample
This is Pippi's "" Re-entry on a Monday after a holiday week is so not cool "" look . cats
I'm planning a staycation with tons of cocoa . That's how I get my holiday Holidone .
vividvanilla sweeping over dat blunation blufie
Catch up with the in preseason training . Will they make another run for the cup ? soccer EASAthlete
it's a good "" vape all night "" kind of flavor . Love it on a Friday night by the Bon fire ! blunation
I just shared my SunbeltBakery buying habits for a chance at prizes . Sponsored -
* RT if you Join TeamSnuggle for chances to win prizes , sample products and more ! Sweepstakes
You've never had chicken and waffles like this PerdueCrew Promotion -
Come Join the Snuggle Bears Den
Our goal : Treat ALL cats like theyre family . Heres how were doing it , one bag at a time : Cat
* Fun Fact : Every uniform at LLWS is washed with all and Snuggle ! DirtFreeDugout
See how raises chickens with no antibiotics ever ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
Earn points just by buying your cats favorite food , then treat yourself to Perks that both you and your cat will : htt
12 Can't Miss Events For Auto Enthusiasts
Hurry and play for a chance to instantly win points to get what you want ! instantwingame via
We'll pass your feedback to our internal team ! In the mean time , have you checked out the pour-to-measure
I'm having trouble entering a code . I already sent you a DM
For assistance with this program , please give our team a call directly at 1-855-673-4179 . They're available we
Thanks for reaching out . We'd be happy to help you find the right food for your cat . Please DM us when
Tips , recipes , and coupons are awaiting you on the promotions page ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
Get that state fair flavor in your own home ! Try a chicken fritter sandwich Promotion PerdueCrew -
Great to hear your cats enjoy our recipes ! Thanks for your support .
Play Sweeps instantwingame for a chance to win ! dailyentry via
Lol I think I saw Adam at In-N-Out
Awh , how cute . My littles brothers friend likes me . Lol
THE BAGS IN THE BACK , JOSE !
Had fun last night c : Dinner was delicious . Thank you for taking me out .
Just let them score .
thank you babe :) miss you too
The room next to me is probably getting down and dirty judging by the banging against the wall .
Oh , I was invited , I just don't want to go ... Don't really fit in with that crowd .
Tried to tan out these old tan lines only to receive new ones that are a million times worse than what I started off with
"" They're not flaws , they're features ... I'm accentuating their features . "" prom 2k15
Tbh are yall going to have a graduation party bc I'll drive the damn hour and get turnt up bc ily
Sheyenne , you were dress coded like everyday
A little slappy , make daddy happy .
honestly , can it just be tomorrow HarryStylesLiveonTour
I love his smile .
Feliz cumple nicky nicky nicky jaammmmm Latinos
Lo mejor de la BGW sin duda .
he is , ladies , attack
CET Category Handbag 20 % Off
I posted a new photo to Facebook
Get Ready For Easter Suits Male And Female , Dresses Hats , Capes , Robes All Quality Fashion Products . You Will Be ...
I posted a new photo to Facebook
I posted a new photo to Facebook
This Dress Would Be Great For Church Or Work . Great Price And Free Shipping . sprightent
Get Your Prom Dresses And Gowns We Have Shoes To Match . Need A Wedding Dress Or Gown .
I posted a new photo to Facebook
I posted a new photo to Facebook
Get All This For Under $ 300 . Suit , Shirt Set , Shoes . No Body Will Beat This . Our Sale To You .
Demand Fresh Gear Sale Priced $ 99 London Olympic Roshe Running Shoe .
Make Someone Very Very Happy This Christmas . $ 49.00 .
We Have Clothing For The Woman And Man , And It's All Quality And It's All On Sale .
Want To Get The Best For Easter .
Want The Protection Of An eBay Sale And The Quality Of Ladivascloset .
You Only Have One Father Why Not Make His Day , Buying Him Something He Can Really Use .
You don't follow back ?
This Special Cocktail Dress Is Your For Under $ 60.00 Can Be Worn At Any Formal Event . 10 % Off .
When do you follow back ?
Visit Our Facebook Store Put Ladivascloset In The Search Engine And Click On The Ladivascloset Apps .
Lovely Lace Gown Ladivascloset Only , Free Shipping Delivery In About 8 Days And We Pay Your Sale Tax , No Other ...
Check out the latest products in our online store : / shopifypicks
I am not saying that we are better than most Online Clothing Stores , I am saying that we are Different ....
Our Summer Special , Buy 2 $ 39.00 Dresses And Get 1 $ 39.00 Dress Of Your Choice Free Just Pay For Shipping , It's Justhttps :/ / t.co / T7IxbMo8e4
King's Bishop Result gives Orb a glimmer of hope - speedy Aug drills might tip Shug's hand - pace presser today ?
CSI DVD / Blu-Ray Contest via
Poor dog just really wants a slice of cake via
8 Under-the-Radar Waiver Pickups | FantasyPros via
good insight as always - thanx !
Redhead banned from school in England for being too ginger
A lab has CONFIRMED that the KFC fried rat was actually chicken
The Worst Diet Sodas You Can Drink
Springboard America wants to know what you think ! Join Now :
Fed raises interest rates , citing ongoing economic recovery
9 Questions with Tellwut - SurveyPolice :
For Mac users , the security bubble has burst
. @DraftKings send my G . O . A . T . T-shirt ( XL please ) to - Thanx , jk
Vote on a paidsurvey What kind of popcorn do you prefer ?
Looking for more good movies with early 19th century setting . Just finished watching Master and Commander :
Do not want to do homework
Honestly why can't all extra credit be like this ?
Gotta love when you have to work on such a nice day
Orange is the new black and pizza night with & amp ;
Honestly I love my supportive friends
we will visit him F off
i could never cheat on anyone . knowing that you destroyed someone's trust is bad , but destroying their perspective on lov
people are so fucking temporary
new drinking game - take a shot every time nick says he's lonely
that's why I love you
I accept "" weird "" and "" different "" as compliments .
I'm the superior gay in this family , get out
Or just drowned , I really dont care anymore
If Someone take me to one of messi's friendlies that's be great thanks itllneverhappen
Number four in the world everyone
Gambino deserve a grammy for 3005
Jurassic world in 6 seconds
Idk how people in college go to sleep before 12 because I'm doing homework till 2 am and I don't even procrastinate
Thank You Donald Glover ! Culture 01.27 . 17
I have a vlog ? ! Watch it or dont . Just thought Id try something new Vlog 00 : Getting Started
Just so we are clear , disciplining your child and beating him with a tree branch are two very different things . NFL AdrianPeterson
I just earned the ' Photogenic Brew ( Level 2 ) ' badge on
Big Game James and the Hyperbole Train MLBChildrensBooks postseason
Lackey gave Neshek a signed Babe Ruth baseball for his jersey number ? Makes that Oliver Perez , Mets contract look like a steal .
filmstallion look what office I found .
Really like this place and that beer glass . - Drinking a March Of The Penguins at - photo
Baseball Prospectus | The Lineup Card : Seven Trades That ShockedUs
Drinking a Cuve Des Jacobins Rouge by Lorelei Inn
Your tweet is now featured on my * bump it *
How I did on Twitter this week : 3 New Followers , 3 Mentions , 1.1 K Mention Reach . How'd your week go ? via
I just earned the ' Photogenic Brew ( Level 13 ) ' badge on
Agreed . I also love the song "" Next Year from the latest album .
I'll buy drinks , you tell the stories . :)
Just a reminder to be smile for no reason . GMCheer Writing
Listening to baseball from London . My whole being is breathing a sigh of contentment . Cubs HappinessIs
I liked a video Julian Cope - The Great Dominions
Hey , so looking like tomorrow works best for everyone if you could pop by .
Its good to know that even at 4:30 in the morning from another country , opening day is still my favourite day of the year .
Thanks for sharing the writeup , Maija ! :)
Of course ! You know how much I love Guillaume :)
My best RTs this week came from : thankSAll Who were yours ?
MacBook chargers are no better .
Couldn't have said it better ! That tweet is now on my
Working on it right now . I promise . Haha
The Zombies , still so good . ( @ The in Kentish Town , London )
Hey Tony , any chance you'll be starting tonight's game ?
Bones wasnt ruined for you by being Bones ?
I just earned the ' Photogenic Brew ( Level 30 ) ' badge on
I just earned the ' Hopped Up ( Level 9 ) ' badge on
To hell with pumpkin anything . The end is nigh .
1 . steal celebrity iPhones 2 . go to Madame Tussaud's 3 . wreak havoc
Mexico vs Uruguay let's gooo
At least I can stay up and watch the office now
29 . don't call her "" bae "" that's played out . call her "" baby "" or "" baby girl ""
I really wanna go for a run rn or something
WHEN THEY FOOL YOU THREE TIMES AND EXPECT THE PEACE SIGN
* cries in spanish *
Don't make me a promise you know you can not keep
crazy how the one person that could make you the happiest can also make you the saddest .
I kinda like someone who gets jealous & amp ; protective but still trusts me .
lmaoo but you a walking L too
A $ AP Rocky - Angels
I really only got my eye on one person and that's not gonna change
hah . well im not sure if i should've said this but .... Yeah that works , mostly all the time lmao
Us in history class lmao
Eileen talks but she doesn't English
Kendrick : if I gotta slap a pussy nigga Ima make look sexyy Me slapping a pussy nigga :
I have no motivation for school anymore
bitch Link is NOT ZELDA
Can I get a kiss , and can you make it last forever
he called her a fucking torta
* siiiiiiiiighh * wish I was there
I never lost a real friend .. let that sink in !
How come I never see this vine in threads it's a CLASSIC LOL
Also , I apologize in advance for being a basket case of emotion , buuuuuut that's life ! ! Ok , weeeeeeeeeee
New gorhowl emote is up . Made by named after warchief long may he reign !
I'm sorry you're going through this too . I feel like I'm turning into a cynical witch , waiting for boxes to fall off shelves
WHY ARE YOU SO FUCKING CUUUUUUUUTE ? ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! : 3 I love it ! !
Yuuuup , I cried . Typical Deb feels gauge activate .
41/43 achievements in Slime Rancher ... def taking a break . Content for 1 of the remaining 2 isn't out & amp ; other is rare spawn . FullClear 2017
FUCK YEAH ! ! We need a picture together now ! !
I suppose you could just wear a bow tie like this instead , CloseEnough BowBros HGC
One side of HousePerfect had to fall . GGs to Team 8 though . Really looking forward to how they do tomorrow ! ! HGC
blocked . Reported . Unmodded . Kappa
