The Time Has Come to generate actual income in dollars . i have a 2 year degree in electronics & i build databases for fun . i do online
you know I was totally thinking that ! I did some RO ones but Maple Story would be great . Thanks ! !
Wish you could see my face when basketball questions come up on ringorang - - it's not a pretty sight ! ( feel your pain )
I don't like that you have to use two keys to mute the sound , actually , and it bugs me how the f-keys keep changing & eject is in F13 ' s spot
Maybe I oughta stop telling John Mayer he's a doofus .
i just read what you sent us i'm most positive it will
There's nothing quite like getting hit in the head with a falling lamp to wake you up . Thanks kitty .
Found you through Love your outlook . My mantra is " sort for the positive " and somehow it's always there
Y ! : Goin for my daughter now .... i should take some classes and follow her lead
I think Im gonna try and live off special k cereal . Its so amazing
can't wait to see the new Harry Potter !
Lmao . Kameron texted this to me : Snapple fun " fact ! : squids can have eyes the size of a volleyball . " he's weird . I am now terrified of squids .
I have some really awesome friends
With warm thank you's & followfriday
is very sad . :'[ RIP Patrick Swayze . I <3 Ghost
justt have to get through this class then I get to see Matt Nathanson !
I hate Five For Fighting . Plus , it's another break for me . x
hey sexy . How are things going ?
You too , Kelly !
Cap My iPhone ? Try This Instead , AT & T | Wired.com :
On the 4th day of Christmas my true love gave to me , 4 xtra hours of sleep !
The audience on the Martha Stewart show is full of smartphones and laptops . That's weird , right ? Isn't that weird ?
Raspberry Framboise ? Yes , yes , yes !
In an empty laundramat . Waiting for laundry . Ipod on full blast . Dancing .
Team tenley ! ! ! !
Ohh , Witches Of Eastwick is on TV Guide ! !
sometimes doing a disk clean-up and defragmenting helps alot
I was wondering why I woke up bald one day . The bitch ! Well , rip it off her head , and come fly to TZ to return it to me . Solved !
Go San Antonio Spurs Go ! :D D
Nashville did not need this rain .... hope my step daughter's ok out there
Bad idea . We are is the memorial day parade to dress as zombies . So the army costume for sierra is not in good taste . Hmm who knew
Tongue in cheek .. ;)
Toy Story 3 was super-duper adorable . Go see it !
cbc_Jim No not really just shoveling the snow lol
Kieler broke the goose island glass you helped me steal ! ! ! :(
Life at the Sentient Bean , Mediatrix
Looks to be a lame ass weekend for me . Yay Me !
Breakfast with Old Man , Tim , and Dan . ( @ IHOP )
My parents are back from Georgia , we're going to Gainesville tomorrow . I got all of my speech homework done . I cleaned the kitchen productive
Congrats . My parents house has been on the market for 5 months .
Yay ! Disappearing CP's !
tweet tweet beep beep , had to make my presense known
congrats ! ! ! Just have tio keep it up ..... I would recommend treating yourself tio something small ....... to reward yourself .... per ...
thx for the FF !
If it was freezing we'd have the biggest blizzard ever here
I enjoy it for the artistic merits of the sport ...
Antioxidants may boost male fertility health nutrition
i want to see a pic i need my SIXX fix if i run into u when i am in CALI I so want your signature tatted on me
Bob , I love you and your hair ! And that jacket is sharp !
Houston cops who beat teen face only misdemeanor charges . Watch the video & tell the DOJ to step in !
" like the Knicks I got game like I worked at Hasbro " - ( note : I do not have game . yet I did once work at Hasbro . )
PLEASE support our school's campaign saying that animal cruelty is unFURgivable ! PLEASE retweet " unFURgvble ed ...
listening to " Black Stone Cherry - Lonely Train " u266b
We watched last night since HIMYM was a repeat , so it was our first viewing . He did good . I was impressed .
Had a great day the Sat's weren't that hard but it was a little tough but other then that thumbs up for my day :D
crazy storm came through and pretty much blew over every tree on campus
25th Bakersfield Jazz Festival - May 6 & 7 , 2011 - CSUB Amphitheatre FREE ADMISSION for ALL STUDENTS and EMPLOYEES ... ...
Though I am hoping Tess also has screentime with a character that's not villain .
I reached a new Milestone : 35,000 TrueAchievement Score -
So because Janine had a drug problem in the past , she's not allowed to get mad at CJ for cheating on her ?
What kind of book is this ?
Its interesting when comics claim their act breaks the 4th wall . Like it's a good thing ...
Session 9 otoh is one you'll need to watch twice to get and still wonder wtf actually happened - - One caveat
Pull up at a drive thru this girl goes " ooo oo yo car sexy " then I hand her my money and said " ooo up nails cute " made my day
RULE 792 : DONT CHEAT
Everything reminds me of you .
More like , " Are you not entertained ? What's that ? You are ? Oh . Allow me to dive right back in then . " GOPDebate
Sherlock about his father . I can't wait to meet Papa Holmes . Elementary
BREAKING : Trump ends Michelle Obama's girls education program
A must get in on this magic for my word word
The Simplest , Richest Chocolate Avocado Mousse SmartNews
Anaheim Marriott Perfect afternoon to chill by the pool ! MRpoints and LoveMarriottRewards
Everyone should feel blessed that a new day is beginning .
but people have had red hair forever ... What if being a girl becomes a trend ? Are you going to get a sex change .
ALERT : Michelle Obama Publicly TRASHES Police Officers With Disgusting Spectacle
a little cold , but worth it !
you're welcome you're tweets are pretty cool
Now sasaengs ! Its time for u to hack UMG !
Good night-can't keep my eyes open .
I'm at Ivy Tech Community College ( Evansville , IN ) w / 3 others
is it okay if I cry ?
I should be more careful when microwaving styrofoam ...
me : maybe I should take a deep breath and calm down me 8 seconds later :
I fully regret never pursuing my attainable dream of becoming a slutty cheerleader
Can't believe the O's are in the playoffs for the first time in my life . Wearing my O's T-shirt and Maryland flag shorts to rep for my city
you really have to wake up and start your day off thinking you're that bitch or you're just going to fail dramatically .
No need for BuxtonSpeed when you crush a baseball like that . WereGonna Walk Off ! TwinsWin MNTwins
You need help . I keep saying it . BUT YOU DON'T LISTEN ! ;P
I knew this day was coming , but I am still not ready for it : How Hip-Hop Is Becoming the Oldies
if only stress burned calories
Rams got 8 sacks on Arizona .. niners all i want is 9 total points pls ...
DIVISION CHAMPS ! ! ! #Mets
UPDATE : Read the Friday evening statement from UTMB Health as we closely monitor and respond to HurricaneHarvey .
happy birthday to my IDOL ! my birthday is in five days ! so close to lisas ! lol have a good one lisa ! ! ! !
what day is it today ? MeanGirlsDay
Us : Can we have cold weather ? Mother Nature : Did you say hurricane ? ? ? ? Us : No , cold w - Mother Nature : Okay category 5
" I have 2 snap chats and 1 is from team snapchat . How lame is my life ! ? " - Mike
I am dying . ffxv
dontmeantobrag but i am da shyt , lolz
Roy Moore campaign spokesman responds with silence when asked if he knew people can be sworn in with a text other than the
Shoutout to everyone rocking the 4.0 GPA greeklife msugreekweek 14
Thank you for fanning me ! :) - S . L . Yeates
Cherry Bekaert launches Technology Solutions Group : CBGrowth CBTHInc
April takes a sightseeing trip to the Basisk ruins and gets caught in a tsunami . Andyman evens the series , 1-1 . On to Altar of Darkness !
my aunt and her boyfriend any time I see them : have you thought of pursuing a music career is that something you'd be interested in do you t
Luke 6:26 Woe to you , when all people speak well of you , for so their fathers did to the false prophets .
Dook , just go to hell . TarHeelNation
Smh a closed mouth doesnt get fed . When they say no , dont go for it or it wont happen , try harder ( cont )
50 shades darker comes out on V day ... here's to another year alone in a movie theatre ... 2017 you're looking bright already
Don't y'all remember that Noel wrote I see you on Ezra's car ? PLLAS
Aaron Ross , stop hanging out with Jose Reyes . nyg
finished Wraith by Angel Lawson and gave it 4 stars
Paul Ryan is not taking calls or emails from the American ppl ! So , here are a few of his staffers emails
To the nosey ass people commenting on my life . StayInYourLane
Apparently I am hateful for calling a guy purposely being shitty to trans people ( and others ) a bad person , but this is fi
Schools boards be like " all public schools will be open tomorrow "
Even if you spend 6 hours in traffic on getting to work , the chargers are mobile , you can give yourself a full charge during your 9-5
Y'all lets sing via twitter I'm definitely in the mood ! ! ! ! ! ! please don't
NYC RESIDENT JON SEEKERS / HIGHSCHOOL GRAD OR GED GRAD SHOULD APPLY
send him to mementos mona
As iron sharpens iron , so one man sharpens another . - Prov 27:17
The good news of the gospel is that the Lord is never exhausted with you , nor is his grace toward you ever exhausted .
ATLmardiGras TONIGHT ENTRY TIL 11:30 .. $ 500 CASH FOR FEMALE w / MOST BEADS ( read flyer 4 rules ) x7
$ 2 Fisher Price + Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle and Hot Wheels Toys ! via Coupons and Freebies Mom - ...
a woman had me double bag her tampons because the bag was see thru and her husband would be embarrassed .. sweetie throw th
the word is wide lol
Oh my . I think I am in love . dwts
I need to catch up on FairyTail Like majorly I think I'm like 6 + months behind
Fun with anatomy ! I need to get better . art artofinstagram igart instaart anatomy colorpencil colorpencils ...
Interview with He talks DukesOfHazzard and JamesBest on
" i smell weed who smokin "
I have listened to this song no less than 26 times in the last 24 hours . Listen :
is xbox live down again it was working fine earlier also i changed my password could that cause a login problem
a zoo is basically Wikipedia irl
" Ryan might be a homosexual but he farts like a straight man "
Hey Dan :) You around ?
Why did I wait until 11 PM to do an assignment and pack for the next three days when I have to be up at 6 AM ? I have no idea
cry . breathe . take a break . take as much time as you need , but not a second more . then back to work .
Let me guess , you're trying to " cap it ? "
Okay , how about just a Ferris wheel then ? Some ups , some downs , but WAY more predictable ? That'd be better right ?
UPDATE : Republicans rejected our motion to adjourn until Monday so senators could read the bill they just introduced . R
LESS DEAD PEOPLE WE WANT LESS DEAD PEOPLE THATS REALLY IT GUYS NO FOOLIN LESS DEAD PEOPLE
I wonder if this NinetiesCNN episode ties in the New World Order struggle of the 90s w / Vladimir Putin's current quest
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Awesome Games .
DT attacks gold star family , the disabled , intelligence community , press , war hero John McCain , civ . rights hero John Lewis . DT is
There's a 20 degree difference in temperature between Utica and Lexington right now . This is why I chose to live here this summer .
You read it here first ! Game Seven ! : World Series : Phillies vs Yankees ( Game Six ) via
Hey real big baller brands don't over charge kids for shoes .
yes Appeal to those millennials ! ! ! ! give them that Hot Relatable content ! ! ! ! !
This has been a really solid weapon . Got good rolls .
Jeez , I haven't been to Casa de Fruta in YEARS . A decade at least .
Cross the line if all you want is some attention but you don't want to come off as needy or annoying .
omg all I want is Panera Bread
I start the Gemini's off with my birthday !
I think they were Mosquitos from your room actually haha
bae : when will you be home me : stuck in traffic bae : hurry up or I'm gonna start Return Of The Jedi without you me : htt
In a brain w / depression , moderate exercise 3x / week for 60min has shown the same impact as an antidepressant . depression
Semifinals usopenofsurf usopenofsurfing saltlife Huntington Beach
Opioid Addiction Is a Huge Problem , but Pain Prescriptions Are Not the Cause
- I Keep The Crew Secret .
Unfrotunately no , I don't have that dlc or plan to get it ( @YouTube
When you suffer an attack of the nerves you're being attacked by the nervous system . What chance has a man got against ...
for STEAK STEAK STEAK STEAK STEAK STEAK STEAK STEAK STEAK STEAK STEAK STEAK STEAK STEAK STEAK .
Can someone make me a custom vape mod that looks like a . 45 revolver ? I need an excuse for when I try to smoke a real one .
It's too fucking much ... I'm just a 20 yr old fuck up
If I was superrich there would be no more such thing as at risk youth .
When you don't know the answer to an exam question but refuse to leave it blank
did Tim make it with mozz cheese ? Lol .
and a good morning to you !
senior prank : nobody turns in their thesis
it's okay I thought I was a model
Idgaf what nobody says , Cats are jus ass precious and cute as dogs and we can box if you think different
I'm so proud to announce I'm going to be majoring in Rare Pepe's at Levi University ! Class of 2020 ! Go Trapstars ! !
you right but it's like a rivalry man .
Yes , chocolate therapy is only in B & J stores . And I am very sad about that too .
when you aint famous no more so you go back to school
thank you for inviting me !
Olay body wash is amazing ! contest olayatwalmart
OMG I hope Chris Conley is OK ! ! ! ! #DGD
guys I really can't handle this soperf crying swoon
I agree . It was something that pen-n-paper needed to do ... be recognizable to people coming from MMOs . The Tide changed .
AEG Live hired the man that killed Michael Jackson . The man is in prison . Doesn't speak well for his ' competence ' , does it ? S
Now I need to be done with politics for today or my head will explode .
Hold on if you feel like letting go
" Of course , he carried it a bit too far . He thought that every windmill was a giant . That's insane . But , thinking t
801 Steak and Chop House
Honestly the only thing I want right now is cheesecake
I liked a video from Breaking It Down ! | GabeBabeTV
I'm tryna take body shots off ah bad bitch at Bblu 3poolparty InfiniteEnt
The story of a brave lady . She deserves some recognition
I have so much to do and all I want to do is take a nap .
text me girl ! !
turned into a beautiful butterfly .
So glad I got to catch up with tonight ! ! highschoolfriends loveyou
" Carrying on that legacy is something that drives every player in that program . Its almost a burden . "
i thought that was drake this whole time
I like how the sun decides to come out 2 hours before its supposed to set .
hi , im a 20 year old mom who makes lip scrubs , chokers & amp ; eyeshadow glitter to make some extra money to provide my daugh
I still believe in love . I don't believe ALL men cheat and lie . I just think you'll act right for who you wanna act right
Knowing that Natalie Portman will never love me ... myonetruelove myqueen
Just put all of my summer clothes away and took my fall / winter ones out . You definitely can tell I like summer more . I have nothing to wear !
Here's a link to get our album on .. You will like it ! ! !
Mayor Sells Pot In Elementary School Parking Lot
Intersection at Trade and College in Uptown Charlotte KeithScott KeithLamontScott
knows her place in society
no but I did get some new kicks you'd appreciate
at least I don't sing the whole period !
Need to check in with her on this ?
( @ Aldrich Animal Hospital - in West Babylon , NY )
Ahh having a relaxing dinner overlooking the Spokane Falls-Wa . Boy oh boy do I miss the great PAC NW . 85 and nice not hot or muggy-NY sucks
Free on Lot of 8 Old Lighters Lots of Pictures Ronson Zippo Impact Rogers Krei . Get it here -
2003-2004 u was a baby
Brah I just got tired out of no where .
I miss you too ! ! But not gc ;)
what jerseys are you guys wearing tonight ? ? ? Go Buffalos !
The link to mommy daughter date isn't working for me , do you have one I can use ? Would love this for my daughter
Okay thank you ! Lol
Ready for these kind of nights
Concert going 101 : don't talk through the whole show and get upset when people tell you to shut up
* watching egg episode of Chopped * " Who is that ? Her HAIR looks like an egg " - 3/12 / 2016
Only two major leaguers with 12 outfield assists this season : Jackie Bradley Jr . and Yoenis Cespedes .
Didn't like Dean on TheBachelor definitely don't like him on BIP
The Immortal Battle has begun ! Defeat your foes until 7pm ! Rally friends and guildies to your cause ! Immortalis
I don't even want to do Christmas this year
my issue with Thomas was that they introduced issues . He'd have been out in about 8 hours from waters breaking if they'd not
Robot butler serves up big laughs in Wink commercial funny tv
im SHOOK in the worst way possible america
Virginia is for lovers , and this Valentine's Day , the people of Virginia can love , and soon marry , anyone they want . Happ
who is your favorite punk rock lady of the eighties ?
I think I just sleep-walked to class this morning . notgood twomoredays
I try to be a really nice person all the time to everyone but that only makes it worse when I snap and fuck up
I'll always enjoy how Roman and Dean are portrayed as troublemakers - R
Erica's new favorite word is quaff and I'm not even sure it's a word
If you were a character in a story , what would that character do next to make things more exciting ?
" We need to temper our words and open our hearts , all of us . " - - President Obama , July 17 , 2016
Day 9 - Domingo soleado : via
Dating Games People Play . Rob Webb did a few days with us . Don't remember much else . It was shitty , but weren't most of them ?
get yo ' boys together and make $ aapl gap open to 650 tomorrow ...... lol
Pokmon holds the record for Most Photosensitive Epileptic Seizures Caused By A TV Show .
Drunk texted my boss last night and told him I " honestly appreciate him "
President Bannon trashes Donald Trump and undercuts him on North Korea . He really does think he's Trump's boss .
You may feel uneasy when situations pull you into places of in ... More for Aquarius
boooooo , mine went dead for like 3-5 secs ...
I just unlocked exclusive content using the Tough Enough iOS app !
these people may have actually come out and voted . But I guess Eric Zorn , People in PA , N
Wow I just saw Joe Rohde at D23Expo and he told me Beastly Kingdom is greenlit for 2014 with a dragons coaster that actually ...
are you in our room ?
I just thought of a drinking game you can play while watching RNCinCLE It's called drinking .
I think tweeting about this show is making it somewhat more bearable .
Great picture hahaha , thank you
No one should go without a meal , one in need = ALL in need . Please support the cause
got to the point i never wanted to come into work , which then impacted my income , and it was just a shitty , depressive
Things we guys will never understand .
I kiss the scars on her skin , I still think you're beautiful , and I don't ever wanna lose my best friend .
Congratulations to on winning the DreamHack Rocket League Championship at DHS 17 ! DHRL
I'm earning mPOINTS Rewards in Trailer Addict .
your name was meant to be there too
Just saw my first lightening bug of the summer
Cedar Plank Salmon Recipe : : Recipes : Food Network via
half way finished with the 2nd piece in the set
birthday selfie with my homie
Are you the next Mac-Si-Ver ? Share your DuckDynasty McGyvering ! DynastyAE -
the same boat as me . At least let them know that they got somebody ( even if they dont feel they have anyone ) .
I'll always love him & amp ; & amp ; I know he'll always love me . ( KO )
That's what I'm thinking . I wish there were more stores close by ! DontWannaDrive
I'm earning mPLUS Rewards with RollDaDice !
I am not getting any sleep tonight ! !
wheree do you take kickboxing ! ? take me with you in the summer !
Gemini's are soo energetic , they stay youthful for a very long time .
you're absolutely right , there's no way third party would win , they were just " fuck you " votes .
Sweet Dreams & amp ; Beautiful Nightmares ... Goodnight luvs
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
Do you love Batman ? Cause I do .... justsayin
We can have a CLAGS 25 townhall in the Fall ? Our 25 anniversary is all of 2016 !
can i marry a fictional character
Can we please fast forward to October
Hope your son does REAL well for us this year . loved what I saw from him the last month of 2010 . TigersMLB
And a priest . Someone has to perform the exorcism . A week and a blowtorch
Why has this professor not canceled class once this semester ? collegeproblems
House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform : Hold Hearings on the LGBT Data Inclusion Act - Si ... via
The sequel is getting an extra dose of Mike ! Find out who's joining the cast :
it sucks I know she wouldn't want tears or regrets She is resting I can make it they'll be bad days but I'll get through it .
so do iiiiii ! ! ! :) ) we're so amazing hahah
Where does this man come up with this stuff ?
Here's my review of HotelTransylvania 2 !
happy birthday , Ben ! Have a cat-tastic day :D
Compete with other fans to score great prizes from VIZIOFans
Last night I said to Chip that this has been the best 9 years of my life ! His response , " You're welcome " ! I love ...
No way ! C'mon Mikey . Classless . To think we're dumb enough to believe that excuse .
BakeryMailer is On A Roll !
Proud to say I did NOT vote for Obama !
What Redbone would sound like if you were eating in a restaurant and there is an employee who is getting mad at customers . h
I aint gonna lie i slick feel lonely
" Will somebody get the kid a happy meal ? ! "
break a leg lebron ! ! literally .
My bed is legitimately my favorite place ever
This just isn't quite big enough ...
Just brewed the last of my longzhu huacha . I feel so illegit and Manchurian for liking jasmine tea . RBIC
I'm so bipolar ... we could argue for a whole day & amp ; I'll be over it in less that an hour & amp ; txt u all cute & amp ; shit lmao
Best win of the year CFC
This is my daughter ! to Bryan Sheppard - 02 - Generation Why ... by The Generation Why Podcast OTC
haiku simple : pruning back the dead , life springs from damp ground and rocks , fresh leaves fight for sun .
Turns out will live to see another day as solely a Twitter camera . SocialMedia SMM
The " yay I graduated but I'm really tired of pictures " pose .
Will get it on my Kindle asap ! Buy your copy of BiggerIsBetter today .. Let's get it trending
plz tell me you've seen this
we've only lost by one and like four to the defending champions ... what's the heat doing ?
I rewritetherules by doing things my way AlwaysCrowd sponsored
Single . Taken . Waiting for the new Star Wars movie .
Today is InternationalJokeDay , so be sure to celebrate ! Because your life is a joke .
Retweeted Moms Clean Air Force ( @CleanAirMoms ): Again and again , has proved he values corporate ...
Y do niggas think loving a girl is wack , like who do u expect to hold u down forever your homeboys ? ?
Happy 55th , Barack ! A brother to me , a best friend forever .
why didn't this get nearly as much attention as Trumps comments ?
I'm earning mPOINTS in Light Da Fuse iOS .
No drinking once the game starts . At halftime , the drinking can resume . Then , after halftime , no more tailgating .
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS ! DOMA is unconstitutional !
LINK to My 1 Music_Video
Relying on Energy drinks to get me through today
Are You Ready to have LONGER , THICKER AND BEAUTIFUL EYELASH ? Our MAXLASH eyelash serum is the ultimate solution . Ad
Or the Jets ... or the Jags ...
Tens of thousands chant " Allahu Akbar " at the Rhine in Germany :
In shock that I just won Bangerz 2014Tour tickets from Got that phrase that pays memorized ! ! :)
Even Batman eats his poptarts
nosy people are the most annoying people , like why are you always in everyone's business
WriteAHappyStoryIn 4Words Pizza was for dinner
" Nothing like a wedding to tear a family apart " - Luke Danes GilmoreGirls WordsOfWisdom
oh yeah , lol I forgot ,
10FavouriteAlbums " Perfect Time for a Breakdown "
Let the boys learn and grow .
How do you expect someone to grow if their past mistakes are always brought up
I love that Mean Girls 2 already happened but it was so horrible that we as a society just pretend it didin't happen
Look at all the bodies in the Clinton wake & amp ; HRC is only 1 element of the deep state . Stand with T
dctech RT Invite BringYourOwnCause to UniteSA Protest at US Capitol Building in DC February 14-21
God wants you to enjoya life of peace , the peace that passes understanding , and it begins by being at peace with Him . pea
The calendar works the same every year , LOL
It took me a long time to figure out that my periods of writers block were really just my insecurities and fears wearing a mask . amwriting
23 . my lucky number is 5
ever look back at someone and be like thank god i'm not apart of your life anymore lol
Bush had to blow the surplus , lose 2 wars , torture & amp ; let a city drown before we were as mad at him as the GOP was at Obama for
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Quick Pool .
Sadly most people don't care about the hard work or the journey . They just want to be there when you reach the destination .
Tremper BB game tonight and 25 isn't playing . :( (
Co-workers surprised me with balloons , card , flowers and gift card for the birth of my daughter tomorrow ! Blessed
What ? What does it mean ? To me , it's a Midwestern grandma word . I can't imagine anyone thinking it sounds edgy .
Oh , hey , I retweeted someones comment about book-buying this season : surprise a wordie in your family with this unique !
keep your personal life P E R S O N A L !
yessir . Close at 12 tho .
I'm glad this was a great Super Bowl to watch . ohwait
Saw some ducks in a puddle .
My favorite Halloween combo is CokeandCaramel . Whats yours ?
Traffic traffic traffic . I hate driving .
i already have big earlobes so if i stretched them it would probably be pretty noticeable lol but i might do it someday
Andrea Mantegna died onthisday in 1506 . This drawing is an allegory of vice and virtue
Join in the festivities ! has you covered for National Fried Chicken Day ! Promotion PerdueCrew -
I won 4 cups by conquering the Daily Challenge in Fairway Solitaire ! fairwaysolitaire
I actually remember my SusanGlenn . I was going to tell her how I felt about her . I said her name , she turned around , and I forgot words .
Play Sweeps instantwingame for a chance to win ! dailyentry via
im starting a club . the bullied united
Cancer Superpower - - super sensitivity . The ability to feel and understand anyone's feelings .
It's way to early to go to golf
I still want to bring my interns to your school for a field trip .
So proud of and all he has accomplished in his time at the MN Daily . I couldn't be more honored to be dating the prom king !
ClixGrid : Click to Win up to $ 10.00 !
I just earned the ' Heffenista ' badge on
Yes , I'll give 100 % , but I will expect 70 % change back .
If ever there were such a thing as a twitter back hand slap , this was it . DAYAMN !
This made me laugh harder than it probably should have compton
I've joined Flirt.com ! Come and see me and my network !
YOU ARE NOT SANTA CLAUS .
Actually i was thinking you were talking about braiding his armpit's hair XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Yes ! Very glad Monday is over . Today was a much better day :)
Im ready for the game Thursday & amp ; beach Friday
Drank a bottle of Mad Dog last night and was reminded of why I left it in 2012
have so much fun and be safe ! !
Excited for tonight's season premiere ? Watch perform the theme : GameOfThr
Omg this guy on Chicago is sooooo tiny
Rachel Carson was a feminist before it was cool Cantseethehaters
i should be at the movies or something but i don't like people .
I can't wait to see my sisssster this weekend ! :)
Stop making excuses . Start making improvements .
Knowshon Moreno , picked up for DUI with a vanity plate that reads , " SAUCED . " What ? Was NTOXC 8D already taken ? DUI LOL . IM ...
Happy early birthday to me ! Finally traded in my crazy possessed phone for an iPhone ! ! ! soexcited
I was out too ! I looked down at the my phone and saw it jump form 1:59 to 3 in front of my eyes . It was horrible .
of course . He's the face of the franchise
Decided a scene I struggled to start doesn't need to be there so now on to being more productive ... BiEmpathNovel WorkOnWIPs
snow days make me wish I lived in a walking distance of Noah's
Need a chicken noodle soup recipe ? This recipe is one to keep in the family Promotion PerdueCrew -
Good morning , enjoy your day and enjoy the sun
2013HasTaughtMe that it's okay to only have two friends because they are the ones who will always be there .
LMFAOOOOOO bro really took his shoe off to avoid creases .
Why wouldn't you vote for something like this ? Seriously ? Our Utah students need this kind of support and ...
I'm saying the Bush Doctrine has been swallowed by both parties and properly describing ho
Happy birthday , darling !
God Bless Stan " The Man " Musial .
When your dad orders you an iPhone 6s and gets the 64g instead of the 16g thankyoudaddy
Just another reason why I consider you a great role model for my 12 year old daughter
Who's got the on this cause I'm trying to see my homies Axl and Slash
My short tribute to John Lennon who was murdered today 35 years ago .
Tempe Frugal Life : The Midnight Hatter : Miranda Yearwood
When you're high af at the school game ...
New album from coming soon ! ! Backatthelab
Wonderful Pencil Drawing Works by John Kaneshiro Jesus
said a little prayer for your momma when I saw this ! Love you
I liked a video Doro Pesch Hoffnung
Relax / make money , bounce on ball / read magazines , declutter / clean , and repeat productive lightattheendofthetunnel
Happy birthday Mama Schmidt ! :) Hope you have a lovely day !
The history of women's lingerie
Why is afraid of our buttons ? AllKidsNeed InviteCuomo
When a guy messages you and says you're pretty and wants to wife you VS When you see he is with another girl
Only one way to find out
Zendaya is so damn beautiful
You're likely to lose your temper today if you believe someone ... More for Leo
I hate it when I say I hate everyone and then someone's like " oh except me lol " ha ha no especially you
plz vote for Losing Sleep . 10 votes per day Here
When we don't speak up , we tacitly affirm the " whistle " as a display of manhood . Thus we affirm misogyny and toxic masc
If you break a Cancers trust once , and you continue to be around us , the mood swings are gonna be outofcontrol . "
Sensors + projector = game on floor . Wonder if we can do this with arduino ?
Quick someone handcuff coach Q's hands .......
when you know you got a keeper
It's crazy how quickly things can change
Don't miss our new website and discover the Caribbean in our hotels !
Taking a page out of the Rovell playbook and have open these on the Facebook live at 2p .
I may not like anything about the kid , but I'm concerned about Paulie's mental health now that he's done for good BB18
is social media at its best ... I'm loving the live sport coverage .
I'm gonna miss you too Mel :/ but we're only a plane hop away and it's usually cheap to travel in the winter usually about $ 500
I stayed up till 6am every night last summer & amp ; now I'm up till 5am every night ! getonmylevel
" For this issue , I wanted nothing more than to have one story that my children & amp ; the future of
Shoulder pain from all this shoveling
is excited to welcome West Asheville's favorite realtor , to our family ! The main man of the " mini downtown " :)
Steve McNair's son shared his Titans memories with us . I know hell be smiling down from heaven on Sunday .
It's a good thing he's teaching history and not science .
A trans woman beat the guy who introduced the bathroom bill . A gun victim's boyfriend beat a delegate with an " A " grade
I want a cat like nyanko-sensei bot
Have you seen this dog or know someone who lovingly got a new dog this weekend in Concord ? Pls see info below
now that is just so adorable ! ! ! What a cutie pie ! ! !
Come on faithful followers . Let's get it tending . tebowisadouche
Moral of the story ? Eat that breadstick girlie it's worth the extra calories and also if it's not a breadstick and a boy gO FOR IT HES FUNNY
ppl evacuating southern cape may cty
Rose : Come back They can't hear you over Celine Dion titanic
" @PoemHeaven : You mean there's more than one reality .
Things I always like : ANything from Dunkin donuts
IWantVicTix Charlotte , NC Thank You for doing the contest .
New WIP of Spencer's human life ! A high-res version without the watermark can be found exclusively on Patreon ...
THIS . IS . MY . TEAM .
We're in ! All 3 of us ... NLC ThreesNotCompany
When my best friend starts twerking when there's a goal shecray
" @ReggaeMarleyBob : A second chance doesn't mean anything if you haven't learned from your first mistake "
The movement continues . Small , strong group at the Ferguson PD . Everyone should carry flashlights if they're turning off power
Ready for Ghost Adventures tonight ?
" Fix your shirt , I can see your bra strap " Because its a big secret right ? secret boobs ... Secret bra ... Secret ..
Tesco you're doing fuckin amazing sweetie
I just donated 5 mPOINTS in the Family Feud & amp ; Friends for iOS app to the ChooseYourCharity
drop your health routine , im struggling
Trying something different and cooking crockpot spaghetti
i cant wait to get out of here for the weekend .
If you can spare a minute , please reach out to today . She got some non-awesome medical news & amp ; she could use virtual hugs . :/
You have no ammunition left . You must join the prisoners . | Operation Wolf | NES
How is the Bay Area so beautiful ?
idk and it's a long story
Get my beauty rest ? ! ? ! Riiiighhht ! ! ! ! Being friends with him as made me nocturnal , he now watches me fall asleep spending time with him !
So ... I really would like to be a millionaire . EsuranceSave 30
" Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities . " Voltaire
" @lobster_dog : HEY WILY MO BROOKS , I THINK HE'S TRYING TO BUST YOU UP AND IN . idiot " hahahaha
historicaltimes : A 5MB Hard Disk Drive being loaded onto a plane , in 1956 . via reddit Not Available at ...
Haven't slept that hard in a long time
I want the Simpsons from the Rick and Morty couch gag .
me u lany and harry wow this year is already good
this will be forever funny af
Wow ... I am shocked . Congrats to Jen Lawrence lol
If HillaryClinton called DonaldTrump a creep , what on earth does she call her husband ? Enquiring minds want to know .
You could get so caught up in your desires today that you can ... More for Scorpio
Is it too much to ask for something great ?
Nuclear Bomb , Fossil Fuel Pollution WhiteInventions
" if I wasn't so funny I'd kill myself " suicidewatch theresahotlineforthat
Just sitting in the waiting room of urgent care makes me nervous enough to want to vomit
IT'S NOT .... FUUUUCK ! ! !
Hmhm . Smh . If only you knew lol ..
i wanna go look at the stars and talk about life
Look how calm she is . You know for a fact this isn't the first time it's happened . Probably not even
I just love Syd so much
I live with an angry chipmunk
So sorry to hear that ! You and your family will be in my prayers .
you boys free tonight ? ? I have tomorrow off so I could go some bevies
I liked a video RiceGum DISSING iDubbbz ? YouTube Caught Lying ! Team 10 Member Deported
I wish I had the ability of some of the NYU students - to sleep without shame in the public library .
" @MikeGarafolo : Plax a captain . Oh that Rex . Giants win toss and will receive . nyg " can I get some pepper with that salt - OUCH ! ! !
I dont think it's possible for my mom to go a day without bitching / complaining
Man-eating ants would be the most horrifying thing ever livetweetingIndymarathon
Kate will win GBBO or I'm suing
UltimateFanExperience - I'm Ultimate Fan bc she inspires me to push through hard times to achieve my goals !
im so uncomfortable she's licking his ear
Kids these days will never know what REALpunk is ! hardcore edgy
You can be the next pop star I guess . Mainstream and loved by teens . But no respect coming from singer-songwriters .
Comey : I got the sense my job would be contingent on how [ Pres . Trump ] felt I conducted myself and whether I demonstrated loyalty
* opened 4mins ago * Me :
I like how I have to have my fan on in the middle of December ...
I wonder how many people in the world get this kind of treatment . About 35 miles away from home . Get
Join me on the perfect shopping companion !
This game is making me sick to my stomach . Just win already !
" Do they call him Drizzy ! ? ! " Mom talking about Drake . Yes mom , they do .
I can honestly say money will never change how I feel about someone .
Join my CBS Sports office pool ! officepool
you got our fam's book ?
Only would bring his own syrup to Waffle House whyaminotsurprised
" He said he liked our classmate's Vans on the first day of school , so we pitched in and bought him his own pair "
" I'm Muslim and people call me terrorist . Do you trust me ? If yes , hug me . "
Lazy Town was like my fave show as a kid But then I discovered Cammy CAMERON DALLAS BIATCHES ! * throws football *
Spaghetti sauce done , just waiting on this water to finish boiling for the noodles . Swear it's been
sometimes I think wow this is the most stressful week of college then I remember the semester I took calc 3 & amp ; suddenly things arent as bad
Lately I been waiting for some shit to go left
Thanks for the follow - we really appreciate it ! When you get a chance , LIKE us on Facebook -
One Mom's Public Letter To Her Son About Drugs And Alcohol via
How could anyone tell ?
Gave Adrian another chance to beat me in FIFA and he fucked up now I'm 5-0 play me ! What's your gamer tag ?
tayisbulletproof : People need to realize that being open isnt the same as being weak .
Photo : trevorgoyette : travelingcolors : Kinder Scout , Derbyshire | England ( by Richstroller ) I love Britain ...
The Student of the Game : The SoTG , Chris and Weasel invite Josh Zimmer to talk about his time at Vikings camp ...
Wait is this a period joke tho
another day , another veggie patty . fakevegetarian
The Goat who cursed the Cubs was named ' Murphy ' . The man who dominated the Cubs in the NLCS is named Daniel ' Murphy ' . Coincident or Curse ? ?
If you are anywhere near fullerton today and you haven't stopped by to visit these
fall nature hike bw leaves
Tricked my brother for the last coke . everydayimhustlin
stepping outside into a silent night is just like step
You can't not retweet this .
Me : * tries to go to bed at a reasonable time * Me : ah yes Me : 4am Me : perfect
Shouldn't try getting up and crutching without supervision again ouch
Lets get Melina trending for
Today is a magical day filled with butterflies and rainbows
utapri QUARTET NIGHT ! QUARwww There are only 4 members so just QUAR 6th 1
" Who r u voting for ? " Bodybuilder : " Protein " " .... what ? " Bodybuilder : " Deadlift " " .... do u know what ur saying ? " Bodyb
I worked at one job until midnight last night , came home , got 4 hours of sleep , and now I am going to go do dishes for 6 hours other job !
AYYYYE IM UP . im so excited for the unit omg
mom just told me happy easter and I replied with 420 blaze it before I could stop myself whoops
There's no need to attack the writers of the Powerpuff Girls reboot . They're not pedophiles , they just made a bad character in a bad show .
AmazonGiveaway LCLHB 12pcs hair bows . Coupon 9MS7U75T to Save 40 % OFF at checkout Ad Ad
Could this frozen Dock from Christmas in 2012 be Queen Elsa's doing ? : O
If any of these wack ass pro-birthers can find me one ( 1 ) example of a woman aborting late-term just cuz she felt like it ,
Who else avoided all their responsibilities this break and not emotionally prepared to return to school
Excited to announce that I have decided to continue my academic and volleyball career at the University of Dayton ! Go Flye
My little sister and her best friend send each other video messages and they will make your day I promise !
Here comes the ice cream babies ! ! ! !
Donuts for dinner Don't mind if I do Tag someone who'd eat all these donuts for dinner ! HERBOUTIQUE
Great for you . Great for your organization . The Brown Bear Charity Wash Program .
I never know what to reply when people ask " whats new ? ! " like idk some of my cells got replaced today dam idk
I'm watching Step Brothers free on for iOS
Update : Marshall University's South Charleston campus will be closed Thursday , Feb . 13 .
You the one that got them for me ?
growgardens : + / + How could you NOT love him ? !
Die-Nasty ! Now it feels like a real Monday .
For more on Trump's taxes , let's go to noted legal expert Bob Loblaw .
I can't be the only one who thinks Jake is acting as if he's heavily medicated this season . DeadliestCatch
I just won 3 Swag Bucks for watching SBTV !
tbh the only reason i know how to read a clock is so i can figure out when we get out of class
Yikes . " The 15 Biggest PR Disasters Of The Decade " | | | | via
Waking up at 6 to take the ACT at 8 and finding out you're the only sophomore ..
Vincent Price was a polyamrous bisexual anticolonialist who used the last of his schlock b-movie money to fight for AIDS rec
I need to learn to humble myself more ....
Some guy was hitting on me at the pet store and I didn't even realize it until I was telling my dad about it the next day ...
Taking the asvap test tomorrow sounds about as good as ... well .... nothing . whyyy
Lmao I guess I like Victoria secret PINK
Because that's what Hermione does , said Ron , shrugging . When in doubt , go to the library .
Too bad I forgot Ryan was the best waterbender that I've seen in ages Roy was lucky to be allied with him
when is it ? ?
" @sexstrology : Sexstrology Aries and Gemini exciting , restless , active and no sleep for anyone " - so true
" the one person leia could bear to spend time with was amilyn "
Amazing . Sally Yates at her confirmation hearing answering her job-ending Q . Look who's asking . Via
I liked a video Final Fantasy VIII - The Man with the Machine Gun [HQ]
I am truly the hottest free agent IMPACTonPOP bring me in and so will the ratings . The fans want a RAMAultion
Let's try an experiment . Everyone that despises with every fiber of their being , please RETWEET this
I am looking forward to watching the show Power today . I wonder what is going to happen between Angela and Ghost ?
" Little bitty stingin ' rain ... and big ol ' fat rain . Rain that flew in sideways ...
Free Kava King Drink Mix Sampler Pack
And , you think we just shop in Tel Aviv , no way ... we sing !
Sketching my future wedding gown .
Wow . Prince . The world lost an iconic and legendary musical genius today .
15 Amazing Things to Do in Iran
If you zoom all the way in on GOES - 16 , you can get a close up shot of Maria spinning in the Atlantic . Maria TropicalSto
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Intellicast .
I already sold all of them :(
And thus my quest continues , my unending search for peppermint ice cream . Alas i will carry on , as is my duty .
I feel this 100 % . Everything else is super cool .
in the mood for some u
Join the Johnsonville Twitter Party ! ... SausageFamily Sponsored
If you like knitting , ibotta has 10 % cash back at JoAnn right now + lots of yarn rebates ! Sign up & amp ; start earning $
cold isn't too bad with the right gear and a warm house . Heading out tomorrow !
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Our Best mPoints Apps .
GILBERT WITH THE TOUCHDOWN ! We're now tied again , 49-49 . PonyUp
Baylee Stenman's pediatrician on the stand .
I wish I were brave enough for moar tattoos .
Is it possible to kill yourself by your eyes rolling so far back into your head they pull out of th
She'll be back for Saturday SSS safarilive
lol I bluescreened goodbye old client
time to pick up the packers D ! ! ! FantasyFeast
When I'm quiet : 1 ) tired 2 ) don't have anything to talk about 3 ) over-thinking 4 ) upset 5 ) falling apart 6 ) all o
thanks for the follow . Love connecting with and learning from successful authors !
oh god the pack trick why
yea theyre high five-ing bc i blocked them bc i have real life shit to do so i think i win by proxy for having a life ?
Clear ! The haters should just shut up ImWithHer Hillyes Hillaryrocks
i cherish my mornings spent with you before work
This guy . Left too early , but an inspiration to what a kid with T1D can do .
Invented a new sex position called Schroedinger's Cat ... or did I ? NerdyDatingProfile
i know im addicted to word twist because im about to pass out but i HAVE to play just a few rounds before i ...
" How is college going ? "
you should've posted this for ur selca day tbh
21 times Chris Pratt was too good for this world
non athletes be so mad
some cars might accelerate faster then this car but it'll catch up quick , wait for that 4th gear , say bye bye lol
Eating some Soba , then a short hike up Mt Takao . Drinking an Asahi Premium Beer Jukusen ( )
I miss having someone I can tell everything to .
Another great coffee + consult ! ( at
Donald Trumps Lawyers Essentially Admit Trump Is Pathological
Jared Kushner made some ' deeply worrying revelations about Donald Trump '
Do you need to get business plan for your business dont stress yourself we will write you custom business plan
Happy Easter to all my friends and followers on Twitter .
situation : no motivation destination : midterm mental breakdown
you guys are awesome and the fix is much appreciated . Can't wait to see what the future holds for this grea
seriously i have been contemplating this sadly for like ten minutes . why did you stop
I have a little gift for you . Nothing fancy or expensive . Just a picture of a loving dog's smile .
Still not feeling that great . High fevers still and seems to still be dehydrated
Last day of employment starts now .
Waiting in line for Motion City ... Long wait . Doors are at 7 . Anyone want to play String , Fire , Rubber Duck ?
Great job everybody ! It's great to meet you . Hi .
" I hope you live a life youre proud of , and if you find youre not , I hope you have the strength to start over again .
Ill be cooking with Skittles candy for the superbowl . SkittlesGameDay SkittlesAtDG sponsored
Currently at a photo shoot for the upcoming book ! ! ! ! it will be out in 2017 ... get excited ! ! ! !
why are you going to New Orleans ? I've always wanted to go .
i'm convinced you will always be petty i love you for that
you should die your hair blue next
Yesssssss . This is fun . Thank you God for euros .
Come over here love . Help me make cupcakes .
would they let us borrow it
Delicious grub to brighten your day ! tikkamasalatuesday
I feel blessed that you are still here everyday !
Heechul or Professor Severus Snape ?
take what you need then retweet
your mother would hate me then
Heres an AmazonGiveaway to win : Free Cambond 3 - Pack Waterproof Case . I'm In . Join Me ! giveaway
The founder of Waffle House passed away this week . His ashes will be smothered , covered , chunked , diced , peppered , toppe
We might die from medication but we sure killed all the pain
Las Vegas massacre heightens security from MLB games to movie premieres
Of course . Ever Wanted to Play D & amp ;D With A T-Rex ?
Agree to disagree . Some traditions arent made to be broken .
Free : $ 75 Walmart Gift Card . Get it here - listia
Science Corner : Build An Ecosystem in a Bottle CampSci -
All on Twitter : Pls call David VA & amp ; tell him give Veteran Miriam back her * Home for the Holidays *
ILoveYou ImYours Goodnight and God bless you my cupcake
What are you gonna wear ? :D
Follow your fav African-American celebs in Essence magazine at NO COST ! Please retweet :
I'd really really like to visit Joliet Illinois . Seems like a charming little place , oh and prison break Joliet illinois
I only hope to live to see the day when a man can marry a manatee .
Making a beer pyramid howoldami ?
I vanquished my foes ! Can you do the same ? gameinsight
I Dnt Trust New Muhfuckas
Oh . Friday the 13th ? Going to Rex ER . Screw you , Friday the 13th .
oh please lawd .. the orange jumpsuit and flip flops with white socks is not a good look for Mel Lawd ! !
still waiting to receive info on my free shirt . Thanks again ! ! !
The Traveling Grandma : Annual Inn to Inn Holiday Cookie and Candy Tour inntoinncookietour
Tempted to double length of essay and write about how Lanier thinks Reconstruction South is plunged into wasteland bc of the Dolorous Stroke
received ! I'll have a response shortly :)
Hates it when people ignore me ..
I have pulled 4 Robles sigs now I think
Like They've Been Doin , Along With Any Attaching An ( R ) , Them ' christians ' Once Again Showed True Cult Ideologies ! !
Camo : Merica's away colors
I added a video to a playlist A Must Watch : Giveaway soon plus summer Makeup tutorial for oily
In my bunk trying to ignore the rough waters until its time to watch the boys entertain old ladies in Shipindales
Throwing tomorrow for the first time in a month and a half ... kindanervous wishmeluck damnshoulder
Went a little retweet crazy tonight . Ahhhh bedtime ! Night followers .
How to Change your Kitchen from Dull and Drab to Bright and Cheerful by Linda Cann Pearson | Living Space 360
Loving today's weather . (:
Weve got some sweet rewards for pledges & amp ; - 8 days to go ! kicksta
Imagine if these people ever faced actual oppression .
bernie would have won the super bowl
Watch live as I deliver remarks at the 2017 NABTU National Legislative ... by
Can't stop the cuteness ! ! ! My parents dog Leo is just the sweetest , thank you for the Tuesday
One of those nights where homework is just nope .
That moment when I'm drowning in Breaking news ... and all I hear are beeps . #keepingmycool
Just got done fighting with him again . Now time for lunch ...
She speaks fluent " Jibber Jabber " Huh !
Ms . Ficklin please email me back . I understand you have many other students but please I have great anxiety regarding my schedule .
I renamed my iPhone to " The Titanic . " Now every time I connect it to iTunes I see " The Titanic is syncing ! " oh ... the simple things .
25 and Ang ... that's fair .
What idiot called it a " vet " instead of a " dogtor " ?
I'm in the same boat
Not ready for the real world tmrw
UPDATE | | This day in 2015 the boys announced they would go on a hiatus ! It's been a while ...
All NASA missions never cease to amaze me ! Spacewalks as up close as you can get , now with selfies ! Can't believe it
nope , just closed the game forever
Gosling isn't that good looking . Not even close to being Grey .
And if course the best thing you can do is buy directly from farmers ! Or in a pinch , farmer-owned co-ops . knowyourfarmer
Dude changed his mind quick . LOL . 24Legacy
If proven true , in 241 yrs , is the only POTUS to collude w / an enemy power to win , making him US histor
Aid should prioritize the world's poorest people . join us at GlobalCitizen Festival & amp ; commit 50 % of EU aid to LDCs
Whyyyy Rodrigo whyyyyy . You had been doing so well .
Custom Neon from Neon Mfg get your own personalized neon sign via The Red Ferret Journal - ...
Bitch don't tweet shit when you don't know shit stupidhoe
As much as liberals would like to believe it isn't , the 2nd Amendment was designed to defend against our own govt . Read Fe
SeaWorld : Facts don't lie . Blackfish
don't disappear for a month again
When Mutombo smiles , the world smiles .
RETWEET for one derby point for Phi Mu ! ForTheKids
Yeah is it good ? He's one of those guys that everytime I hear him I'm like , damn hes good , but then forget until next time ...
Everyday is a new day to reach that goal
Stunning new arrivals from AW14 collection KPRS LPRO
Learn everything you need to know about twitter in just 24 hours be a TwitterExpert
Slim down at home : StartTODAY with 4 easy , healthy recipes glutenfree yummy
TOLD YOU - WAIT TILL YOU SEE MY BOO HARRY IN ACTION U WILL DIE
I check Ross out all the time ... and will definitely be on the look out for THIS podcast as I am with you other ones !
Oi oiii FeatureMe Music #Liveme Kane :
Oh wow , that's super cool ! !
Still looks better than Chicago pizza but nope .
Hello Kitty Thursday ! Have a meowtastic day ! ! Sanrio HelloKitty hellokittyforpresident
Stop Fans From Throwing Octopuses at Hockey Games
A lecture by Steve Forbes , Chairman and Editor-in-Chief of Forbes Media , is scheduled for Thursday , Sept . 8 ....
is no way to know ?
Get WildWallet on Android - to earn amazing rewards for trying free apps . Use code 1477447 for 200 Bonus Credits !
Anorexia is an EATING DISORDER . Not a synonym for thin .
Photo : If i only i had the power to make anything i wish appear .. this would be my first wish ;)
I think when guys send paragraphs to a girl when they know she's sleeping is adorable .
An alum - - - - declares against and , all of a sudden , decides to s
Good night kingsfans ... been a long losing LA weekend . getemnexttime ForeverPurple
Too many girls , too little time to impress them with my mixtape .
Yep , that's pretty normal sadly . Mine isn't very fancy , just basic black with a touch of lace . I wear a lot of black anyway
Does anyone know what Frank Gore got on the Wonderlic ? Drool . He got his own drool all over it .
Brock lesnar VS Goldberg WHO IS THE BEST POLL ? via Goldnerg vs Lesnar .
Flinstones , meet the flinstones . Have a yabba dabba doo time !
My answer to Do you think Kevin Spacey could be James Bond ?
Help me win this awesome Camera Lens Give-A-Way !
Hillary Continues " Pay to Play " For $ 2700 You Can Ask Her a ( Pre-Approved ) Question Trump 2016 hillaryforprison 2016
College football .. * yawns *
why do people always ask me if i'm bisexual after i tell them i'm bi , they're like " you're bi as in bisexual ? " no , sar
Nah . I just stopped getting my hopes up . I know only I can make myself happy . Dont rely on people to do it for you .
Top notch conversation skills mysticmessenger
If you think about it dancing is kinda weird . Just let me move my body around and stuff while music is playing .
Tim climbed the ledge , Tim did a keg stand , Tim learned to ski . Tim came and conquered NH TIM
My question to you is why hang one and not the other
Trayvon Martin was followed . Jordan Davis was approached . Seems to me Florida needs a " Mind Your Business " law .
going to the doctor . yay
of course ! cause i didnt put it all over twitter or anything (:
Trying to register on h . NAOTO's site but it says something about my first + last names needing to be at least 10 characters . Whut .
Not every outcome you experience as you pursue your dreams turns out as you expect . Celebrate your effort even when re ...
No one said being disproportionate would be fun
DivaOfTheYear Reason 5 . Everything about Brie Bella / Daniel Bryan and Nikki Bella / John Cena on Raw & amp ; TOtal Divas SlammyAwards
BlackBlackCoin ... not a creative name .. but . Could be fun ? 50 % free coin 50 % mining ... interesting
I just walked into my house and Jeff is watching Pocahontas . Even better , Olivia isn't taking her eyes off of it . Coolest thing ever
U . S . Senate : Urge the U . S . Government to assume their responsibility over Puerto Ricos fiscal crisis ... via
Remembering Diem Brown on this special day . She would've been 37 today . Happy Birthday Diem ! Keep dancing ! D
HE ALSO - called young girls the future - is touring with 2 female bands to give them recognition - is seen respecting and
My aunt is trying to add me on snap chat
And there's still a chance ! ! FACup final letsgo
THIS IS SUCH A SUMMER BOP WHY DIDNT THEY RELEASE IT SOONER LittleMixHair
Switched to my country pandora . Dierks bentley radio > > >
The last vestiges of discouragement dissipate today , and once ... More for Aquarius
Tell us about your perfect match ! adoptdontshop catsoftwitter
I love having my pandora on shuffle because it goes from Destiny's Child to Frank Sinatra to Papa Roach .
The leaves are changing in Mordor Just kidding , there aren't any leaves here FindYourPark
When you feel embarrassed I'll be your pride When you need direction I'll be the guide For all
Hey there ... I love my screensaver ! :)
please make an announcement on air about a BENEFIT car wash in Northridge for 2 young lives lost . Corbin & Nordhoff until 4 today
Wouldnt it be funny if Trump got impeached for his racism before he had a chance to pardon himself and his family for t
I hate it when I'm singing a song and the artist gets the words wrong .....
I liked a video From the Front Lines of the Netherlands Resistance - Othala from Zwart Front
Who can tell me about the song from ExpeditionUnknown " there's something good about today " can't find it
What exactly do you think YOUR legacy is , Skip ? Revis chose salary over legacy .
You can tell it's vintage because it has Pluto .
watching season finale . They have to have the best ones of any show every year !
Only on a Topps app can you have a 50 % chance at getting something " guaranteed " cantmakethisup
There are certain rules at work that seem to be very rigid , bu ... More for Scorpio
The people two streets over have their Christmas lights up and on . It's WAAAAAAY too early ! ! !
She's dead ass wrong !
Vegetable beef soup theebest yummm
Cynthia visited their Water Wheel and found some Watering Cans inside ! They'd love to share some with you ! farmville
Should've told him snitches get stitches . He would've gotten unslow
Robyn Hitchcock - Ye sleeping knights of Jesus
Hello . As many people know , i am going through chemo . I am only 15 and have gone through chemo for over a year . Retweet for respect
Optimism : I'm not broke , I'm pre-rich .
FINALLY made it to my dearest darling Mimi ( @ Public House Restaurant w / 2 others )
Hey when do we expect to see impeachment papers from you ? What about this isnt unfit for office ?
Darrell Harwood has a show on 02/06 / 2015 at 08:00 PM Duck's Bea ... in North Myrtle Beach , SC
I'm not doing that set , lol I'm David creds for something better
The first one was entirely painful , thanks .
Seeing this email makes me so happy because I can't wait for other girls to find their forever home like I did
she puts out videos every Wednesday and has a new Italian greyhound named peach haha
Your rash behavior surprises your friends and family , especial ... More for Gemini
With RoC , this holiday season , I won't be worrying about wrinkles ! WomenWhoRoC sponsored
Great to c world finally on to Boko Haram / Brunei sharia - and media / govt / people , make sure U keep pretending the central pro
Mt . Carmel drivers may be faced with icier roads this winter
Are you Daniel ? ? Because DAMN !
Tell us how your passions have changed with Advil Film-Coated . fastadvilfanatics sponsored
An e-bike that's not embarrassing , because it's hard to tell it's an e-bike :
" You already wore that outfit before "
Ive been following for 5 days now & amp ; im amazed my body hasnt ended up chloroformed & amp ; passed out in a trunk somewhere !
Discover your God-given potential this morning A NEW episode of is on 10am CT / 8am PT . Stream : h
I added a video to a playlist Emotional Music - Birth of Love
hey sorry i'm late i didn't wanna come
Retweet If Yo Momma Would Of Whooped Yo Ass ..
" Being sane " is currently my most expensive habit . Narrowly beats out " having brothers " and " being aware that Etsy exists "
Stand with the people of the great State of Alabama . Please retweet this video by
" And there were these cheetahs ... " - Steve Earnest theatrehistory
i love you .... but id love you more if you and would kick that spoiled rotten ramona to the curb
SSAT Series Part 3 : The SSAT WritingSample -
DepressABeatlesSong When I find myself in times of trouble , mother always yells at me . " You're a disappointment . " Let me be
FYI : I just deleted my tweet celebrating D-Day . Apparently some DemocRAT was president when that happened . tcot
Might be the greatest use of the Jordan crying meme to date
Two researchers say BadRabbit contains references to two dragons from Game of Thrones . ( pic via
The first sentence of Trumps statement has no less than two lies in it .
Trump / Putin / Bannon regime a plan to escalate the Republican war on women like never before .
Elliott with a little flash of Curtis Joseph on this play .
When it comes to long-term investing , think like a Vulcan
well guys my update on $ GLD and $ SLV lows coming , GLD to 1120 or so , and SLV 16.60 or so , any lower i'm buying : )
Knicks smash Spurs at home to move to 20-14 on the season :
Correction : My cousin is actually 6 . And he won the under 12 age group . He said he had to pee the whole time .
Happer . 1-0 Cubs in the 2nd .
Are you kidding me ! ! ? ? I knew someone had to have told her to do that . I was so confused . Can't wai
Professional shirts , hats & amp ; figurines also ! Come in to get FANTASTIC GREAT AMAZING deals here ! Thank you , Ronald Aderhold , owner / operator
Reading - Experimental psychology : The roar of the crowd | The Economist mturk
there you go , internet .
Don't miss our big 10X streak bonus this hour ,
Episode 223 : Star Wars Battlefront 2 , Hand of Fate 2 , Lego Marvel Superheroes 2 , Uurnog Uurnlimited , & amp ; MORE !
Anime episode updated : Danna ga Nani wo Itteiru ka Wakaranai Ken 2 Sure-me 9 ( ) MalUpdater
Kmart's " Ship My Pants " Commercial [HD] To all you Black Friday shoppers
Guess she decided what I'm gonna wear
Virgos are kind-hearted & amp ; mean no harm against people . But , don't cross them . Because , they'll come at you full-force .
This puzzle is a biittcchh . fun tho !
my heart will go on music video .. 2:42 minutes in is sex scene May or may not know that whole music video by heart
Hey Guess what ? We Miss Klaine ! Klaine
When you ignore their DM , so they call you ugly .
TodayInTVhistory ( 05/21 / 1990 ) After 8 seasons and 184 episodes , ClassicTV sitcom , Newhart , ends on CBS . The s
Omg this made me laugh out loud !
DatingRedFlags He hates Michigan football . No one disses my Wolverines ! GoBlue
Just finished the main part of The War Doctor - Only the Monstrous DoctorWho Time war in full force
Wisconsin weather has no chill
" Agora " desde as 19h
As ready as I'll ever be . I havent slept yet haha . LiveLunch
Gonna kick off my to do list with something fun . Opry Mills , here I come . Y'know , after I put on real pants and makeup ...
Check out 11 ' Stainless Steal Gypsy Decorative Dagger via It would really help me out if someone bought this .
because you're saying lub instead of love .
can you forward me that pic ? I know someone who'd appreciate it
- Hooooly shit , awesome !
Finally finished pencils on this . Just need to clean it up a bit .
There have been fans taken to the hospital . Don't know how many .
Eat food . Not too much . Mostly plants . - Michael Pollan
SUCK ON THAT Trumpy , your cronie just lost the Alabama Senate seat ! Fuck you and to all those who
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in Foodie Cooking .
Merry Christmas everybody . Wishing you and yours happy and safe holidays
Lookin ' beauteous , love ! !
just for the record I bleed maroon and white
If you want breakfast in bed , I suggest you start sleeping in the kitchen .
But since DIDN'T get in , that means the extensive checks of refugee program were sufficient . Process worked , no ?
If you thought this headline yesterday was insane , youre gonna have to sit down for this : The letter of support WAS FORGED
Judge : No more kids until man pays child support what do YOU think ? ?
Many Deep South Republican Voters Believe Interracial Marriage Should Be Illegal via
It's currently 6:59 and I'm putting on pants for the first time today .
We should have listened . UniteTheRight AltRightIndustry AltRight Fascism TradLife ThursdayMotivation
The Bacon Shell Taco at the West Michigan Whitecaps game ( via
thought everyone decided last year that Foxygen can't sit with us
Remember kids ... Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms should be the name of a convenience store , not a federal agency .
predictable , boring , always the same , been done before , repetitive .
Do not wait for leaders ; do it alone , person to person . - Mother Teresa
Just ordered beer for delivery laziness Merica
can't believe my fave book is named after sn * pe who let this happen
I wish someone would give back my original star wars trilogy .. ki wanna was The Empire Strikes Back ..
Its a Classic Country Night tonight JohnnyCash MartyRobbins
We have a new seating arrangement .
Is this the best facebook comment ever ?
I never cared about a bitch issue with me unless she wanted to get her issue off
In honor of Jos Abreu's home run milestone , we're giving away an autographed bat . RETWEET for a chance to win !
I will always care for you , even if we are not together and even if we are far away from each other .
We Need Clean-Energy Innovation , and Lots of It via
that would be awesome :D
Hawaii can expect waves between 3 and 7 feet , said Gerard Fryer , Pacific Tsunami Warning Center . ...
If you like it , great . If you don't , make the best of it , and you get to try again in 4 years . We still live in a great coun
I would use SamsungPay to buy and everything ! contest GalaxyNote 7
Actually CBSSports has started streaming the starts of games that are affected . Hopefully thats an option if needed .
I am really glad my brother doesnt have a twitter cuz he would have seen this and actually gone there .
ISIS ' New Top Military Commander was Trained in U . S . by Blackwater and State Department
hi I'm A Nashies from Chicago , I can see we were left out lol just be bc if how lovely it is here jk
Did he just say to call him vulva ? Eurovision awkward
You wish that you had more time to weigh your current options ... More for Scorpio
1 Christian Is Slaughtered Every 5 Minutes : read what the Obama administration says about this
' Tis The Season Of Giving ~ Please consider gifting a needy family in NJ with a car !
just placed my order ! Can't wait to get ' em represent
" i didn't have any underwear so i decided to wear a dress "
The Problem With Race Wars Among Minorities - Taki's Magazine via
thats so fuckin gay ily
Abortion laws around the world : from bans to personal choice
Me & amp ; my fav WNBA player My wife said " put ur arm around her " and I said nah . I wouldn't hug Kobe .
If you're obsessed with a fictional TV show that's slowly eating you from the inside and ruining your life , clap your hands
is she scary ? Taylor fight her
Republicans unanimously block equal pay bill
just go bankrupt already .
I did ! My great grandfather taught my cousin and I how to eat most indigenous cacti beneath the superstition mountains AZ misshim
Im saving BOGO 50 % on AVEENO Baby for my daughter ! AveenoAdvocates sponsored
I never notice how small I've gotten until I see pictures that other people have taken of me .
I love Meryl Streep right now
8 Things Smart People Never Reveal About Themselves At Work assnchat leadership AWEwomen
I unlocked the Green Lantern Box Office sticker on
is a traitor who hates America . Truth .
As bad as this Towson team is , WVU fans aren't missing anything . helpless toothlesstigers
Alright I hate typos . Watching a MOVIE . Have a major headache . *
Report : Rep . Blake Farenthold Used Congressional Slush Fund To Settle Sexual Harassment Lawsuit
Inktober 3 - I regretted filling in all that black almost immediately , tbh .
Well time to go to work for 2 hrs and 45 minutes .
If I can turn off the keyboard clicks on my iPhone , I wonder why no one on StarTrek ever mutes their padd ?
throw him some bone . Hahaha .
Have you gotten off the toilet yet ? !
Thanks for coming to PDX , you were one I just had to meet ! Hope you make your way to
he missed a stressful 3rd quarter . But I guess he has more to worry about .
What are the NFL players protesting again ?
I'm going to the TastersChoiceChat Twitter party on 9/28 at 2pm ET / 1pm CT / 11am PT ! All the details at
" @MidwestBadGirl : Children are very observant " - and THAT'S the truth !
pregnancy from rape inability to take care of child can damage woman's mental health bc it's her choice what she d
Not sure why people push for BG check expansions when no mass shooting has involved a weapon purchased without a BG check aimingforchange
I admire your commitment level though !
I just checked in with mPLUSPlaces Download today !
guess that explains the police-escorted ambulance that just zoomed past my office
Um .... what ? ?
Two people have randomly disappeared from the list of who I follow , I assume either deactivated , suspended , or bloc
Based on unofficial results , women in the Virginia House of Delegates would increase from 17 % to 26 % . Of races still out ,
All I really wanna do right now is watch the Community finale again . While eating some homemade ice cream . In the sun .
Elder Scrolls online ... basic version ... 66gb . What have I done ... ?
Biking at the gym is such a vibe
You might be caught in the middle of an internal tug-of-war no ... More for Aquarius
Power is connected to obedience . When we're obedient it proves we're mature enough for God to release that power & amp ; anointin
" I am going to start an anarchy ! " - @butimnotabanker stuffsisterssay thatsnothowitworks
1 tweep followed me in the past day . Feels great ! Do you also want to feel awesome ? Check out
As a Directv subscriber I've been unable 2 log in 2 watch full espisodes on YOUR site for past 2 wks - not browser , not Dtv ! 1/2
I'm playing My Singing Monsters . Check it out !
Come on Holly you can do it ! Holly Hedgehogs
We've now updated the story with great catch : tweeted about the release of Podesta's emails * 1
I'm so down and lost and I feel so hurt and alone I don't know how much longer I can do this
NEW VIDEO IS LIVE ! Watch it to find out what I'm so mad about ! Like , comment , and subscribe for me !
Sense 8 is an interesting show . I think I like it so far ?
1Dreamboy2today liam or niall ?
With tonight's win , RSL advances to Cup Playoffs for 7th straight season , longest active streak in MLS ...
" @danielgoodspeed : that was me . Its a love rock wcyd " knewit love you more speedJr .
" We're putting our differences aside long enough to realize the 2party duopoly is nothing but a sham " Conve
Yup , the damage won't be complete unless they get 4 more years . However , they shouldn't keep their hopes that high . :)
The generous reward for the unfunny jokes on " At Midnight " makes me feel a million times more confident about my own sense of humor .
if you catch him , will you eat him ?
Not to mention damned expensive ... NYC voters ... when will you tire of this moron ?
Parenthood Boss on Ritter's Return , Amber and Ryan's Reunion , " Hope " for Joel and Julia -
Shameless guild promotion incoming . Stable server second adult guild ....
. Unique prize : the puck from my goal vs . BOS on May 6 . 15K RTs & amp ; a lucky fan will win it . NHL 15Subban
Bait his ass w a big score on baby bottles , then plot twist , he loses ground the baby wins w safe food . That's how ya reject criminal slime
This game 6 has advanced to legendary status . Looks like we are going into OT .
It's on ! 2018 ACA enrollment has begun . 80 % can find plans under $ 75 / month . Go to Spread the word .
I invested 90,124 in on I have usurped !
I'm at Safe House ( 78704 Edition ) ( Austin , TX )
enough is enough ... italian diet starts today haha
I can eat pizza everyday .. Im so serious .
by the way you should come you here
Ive got a geeat team behind me--thanks guys ! ! Lets get a CinkSinks Twitter chant going to cheer on ...
I think I'm starting to understand why public schools are becoming less relevant . Learning is everywhere !
might get too hot . honestly I've removed it without heat , just takes longer . A comfy chair and netflix comes in handy :P
and how your friends bailed on you but it was funny cause it was the day you were supposed to hang with me
I sing the " my life in two " to my six month old . She just stares and listens and smiles so big ! Raising her right !
How are you ? New blogpost : www.stephaniepace.com
owner is a garbage human who abused my friend
Its still not out yet
ewww ..... smells like MuffCabbage
I love talking to frogs . I find their conversations to be ribbiting .
" hello I am a shark let me teach your children definitely won't eat them "
I'm earning mPLUSRewards in An Idiom Everyday .
pink isn't just a color , it's an attitude
African Authorities Seize Kim Dotcom's New File-Sharing Service's Domain
My seats are AWFUL GOBUCKEYES Sweet 16
Very nice , I enjoyed this short piece !
One thing is for sure : Chip Kelly will make this offseason interesting . And the NFLDraft can't get here soon enough . Eagles
Last day of basketball camp ( @ Arlington Heights High School )
now that I'm back from vacation , i'm eager to get back to work ! I think i'll run an Independence Day special ....
Finished Walk with on a new route , time 12:12 , 0.85 miles .
That is funny , but it is the post office . Gilligan is ALWAYS at the helm . Ask anyone who works there . :D
I don't need a guy to go to the hamptons hahahaha going since birthhhhh
Yeah , I thought it would be more of a mystery or something . The dialogue is so bad . Don't know why it's a bestseller .
Congratulations to Garritt Strenge and Tyler Schnauck - International Finalists in Travel and Tourism at DECA Nationals . WeRM
Louis is by far the best member of 1d
I think you should do it . I had the same dilemma and am happy with my decision .
If I hear brrr its like a reflex for me to say its cold in here there must be some clovers in the atmosphere I really cant stop it
SO HAPPY YOUR ALIVE TODAY ON THIS BEAUTIFUL EARTH WOW WE WERE BORN INTO LIFE , WE HAVE ROADS PAVED AND THINGS BUILT ...
IM POOR I JUST LIKE LOOKING AT BIRKINS STOP ADVERTISING TO ME
got your letter , your personal note made me tear up ! FYI I have not ran either . Are you free for me to call you tomorrow nite ?
And I am only 4 blocks from the Journal Times building .
