Resourceful and ingenious entertainment.
As a singular character study, it's perfect. It's also the year's sweetest movie.
The drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes.
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema.another great `what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller, coupled with some arresting effects, incandescent tones and stupendous performances
Branagh, in his most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance, grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit.
Offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude.
Director Nalin Pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other. He simply presents his point of view that Ayurveda works. No question.
Don't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches...
It's one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood.
A very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage.
Overall the film feels like a low-budget TV pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube.
Once the 50 year old Benigni appears as the title character, we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back.
The ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures.
So much facile technique, such cute ideas, so little movie.
In the real world, an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a rsum loaded with credits like ``Girl in Bar #3.''
Well-nigh unendurable...though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry, it remains depressingly prosaic and dull.
Care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up, but he never really embraces the joy of Fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters.
The plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain.
Not exactly the Bees Knees
In execution, this clever idea is far less funny than the original, Killers From Space.
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it, but ``Spider-Man'' certainly delivers the goods.
An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't.
A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic.
Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass, then gasp for gas, verbal deportment.
The story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors, whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday.
The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon.
``Austin Powers in Goldmember'' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end.
A pretty funny movie, with most of the humor coming, as before, from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro.
An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love, communal discord, and justice unfolds.
'Tobey Maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation.'
At the end of the movie, my 6-year-old nephew said, ``I guess I come from a broken family, and my uncles are all aliens, too.'' Congrats Disney on a job well done, I enjoyed it just as much!
The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true. This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of.
It's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies, but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette.
Like these Russo guys lookin' for their Mamet instead found their Sturges.
The footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with Suge Knight are just two of the elements that will grab you.
A cutesy romantic tale with a twist.
As the dominant Christine, Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant.
If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor, then Triple X marks the spot.
A thriller made from a completist's checklist rather than with a cultist's passion.
Underachieves only in not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough.
This charming but slight tale has warmth, wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed.
Astonishing...(frames) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment.
You're not merely watching history, you're engulfed by it.
It's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places, but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety.
Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease.
Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining, self-aggrandizing, politically motivated documentary-making, and he's got as potent a topic as ever here.
Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope: Ichi the Killer
It's a fun adventure movie for kids (of all ages) that like adventure.
Smart and fun, but far more witty than it is wise.
While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke, he has at least one more story to tell: his own.
Not at all clear what it's trying to say and even if it were  I doubt it would be all that interesting.
It's hard to imagine any recent film, independent or otherwise, that makes as much of a mess as this one.
It's not only dull because we've seen (Eddie) Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death, but because the plot is equally hackneyed.
This slow-moving Swedish film offers not even a hint of joy, preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party.
There are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending.
Brown's saga, like many before his, makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie.
It's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller.
And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence's over-indulgent tirade, then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest. If you are willing to do this, then you so crazy!
As pure over-the-top trash, any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile.
Everybody loves a David and Goliath story, and this one is told almost entirely from David's point of view.
This is not Chabrol's best, but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer.
The movie is our story as much as it is Schmidt's, no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale.
``The turntable is now outselling the electric guitar...''
The tonal shifts are jolting, and though Wen's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered, more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive.
A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian sci-fi.
...a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs. It is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
The film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work.
Another entertaining romp from Robert Rodriguez.
All three actresses are simply dazzling, particularly Balk, who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents.
An instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick.
Heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on Petter Nss' delicate, clever direction ... and a wonderful, imaginative script by Axel Hellstenius.
While most films these days are about nothing, this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world.
Soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film. What's left is a rich stew of longing.
A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem.
It has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you...
Broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force.
Satin Rouge is not a new, or inventive, journey, but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional, average, middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity.
The charm of Revolution OS is rather the way it introduces you to new, fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers.
A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion.
In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes, it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people, a project in which the script and characters hold sway.
Hard, endearing, caring, warm. Bring tissues.
A classy, sprightly spin on film.
A chronicle not only of one man's quest to be president, but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten, cynical journalists into what was essentially, by campaign's end, an extended publicity department.
A lot of the credit for the film's winning tone must go to Grant, who hasn't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him.
As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool, this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth.
While the story's undeniably hard to follow, Iwai's gorgeous visuals seduce.
You watch for that sense of openness, the little surprises.
It's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter, but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible.
Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing.
Bravo for history rewritten, and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love.
For all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative, the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale.
A dreadful live-action movie.
A sensual performance from Abbass buoys the flimsy story, but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at.
I cry for I Spy -- or I would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind.
Schmaltzy and unfunny, Adam Sandler's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad, Little Nicky bad, 10 Worst List bad.
If we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose, we deserve the trash that we get.
Considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts, this must have been a difficult shoot, but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well.
Doesn't amount to much of anything.
There are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them.
So relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something.
may not have generated many sparks, but with his affection for Astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow.
The movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that's all too rare in Hollywood's hastier productions.
Garca Bernal and Talancn are an immensely appealing couple, and even though their story is predictable, you'll want things to work out.
The magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances.
Turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting.
Reign of Fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way.
If director Michael Dowse only superficially understands his characters, he doesn't hold them in contempt.
On this tricky topic, Tadpole is very much a step in the right direction, with its blend of frankness, civility and compassion.
It all adds up to good fun.
The format gets used best ... to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and BMX riders, whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups.
The case is a convincing one, and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause.
A small movie with a big impact.
Japanese director Shohei Imamura's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime.
A film of quiet power.
Lee's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete, a movie star, and an image of black indomitability.
Mostly works because of the universal themes, earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh.
A moving story of determination and the human spirit.
Although it lacks the detail of the book, the film does pack some serious suspense.
Poignant and moving, A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story, capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter.
The Cat's Meow marks a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich ...
Hatosy ... portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety, not to mention a convincing brogue.
An awfully good, achingly human picture.
Triple X is a double agent, and he's one bad dude. When you've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation, it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed.
It manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy.
Confessions may not be a straightforward bio, nor does it offer much in the way of Barris' motivations, but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture.
Some may choose to interpret the film's end as hopeful or optimistic but I think Payne is after something darker.
A movie that's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure, so-bad-it's-funny level.
Although Olivier Assayas' elegantly appointed period drama seems, at times, padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two.
Throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love's brief moment.
Enticing and often funny documentary.
Will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues.
A subtle and well-crafted (for the most part) chiller.
Rare Birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable.
Ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy, old-fashioned entertainment out of it.
A difficult, absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear.
Not for the prurient or squeamish, it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture, self-loathing and sexual politics.
The far future may be awesome to consider, but from period detail to matters of the heart, this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past.
It is great summer fun to watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters.
An important movie, a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values.
Creepy, authentic and dark.This disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget.
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party.
Eccentric enough to stave off doldrums, Caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable.
An inexperienced director, Mehta has much to learn.
...one resurrection too many.
Observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom.
The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads, etc. -- to do the subject matter justice.
Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers.
In the end, there isn't much to it.
Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience. Are we dealing with dreams, visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue?
Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp can't sustain it.
Has the feel of an unedited personal journal.
Most of the supporting characters in Eastwood films are weak, as are most of the subplots. This one's weaker than most.
Another week, another gross-out college comedy--ugh.
The only thing worse than your substandard, run-of-the-mill Hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound.
Imagine a really bad community theater production of West Side Story without the songs.
This overproduced and generally disappointing effort isn't likely to rouse the Rush Hour crowd.
Guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things. She lists ingredients, but never mixes and stirs.
Yes, one enjoys seeing Joan grow from awkward young woman to strong, determined monarch, but her love for the philandering Philip only diminishes her stature.
The film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously.
You see Robert De Niro singing - and dancing to - West Side Story show tunes. Choose your reaction: A.) That sure is funny! B.) That sure is pathetic!
Although very much like the first movie based on J.K. Rowling's phenomenal fantasy best sellers, this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing, headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude.
Quite funny for the type of movie it is...
Stevenson's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed, a volatile combination.
Does what a fine documentary does best: It extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world, then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively.
The saturation bombing of Reggio's images and Glass' evocative music ... ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning.
...breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters.
A pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances.
A teasing drama whose relentless good-deed/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting, less symmetrical, less obviously cross-shaped creation.
Led by Griffin's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm, the cast has a lot of fun with the material.
For all its failed connections, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is nurturing, in a gauzy, dithering way.
Spider-Man is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average, showing signs of potential for the sequels, but not giving us much this time around.
(Russell) makes good B movies (The Mask, The Blob), and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards.
The success of Undercover Brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally.
As banal as the telling may be -- and at times, All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention.
...a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing.
Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film: a calm, self-assured portrait of small town regret, love, duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience.
What (Denis) accomplishes in his chilling, unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic, suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned.
Whatever one makes of its political edge, this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema's master craftsmen.
This is an exercise in chilling style, and Twohy films the sub, inside and out, with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery.
It's all a rather shapeless good time...
The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not.
It made me feel unclean, and I'm the guy who liked There's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies. Oh, and Booty Call.
Despite some charm and heart, this quirky soccer import is forgettable
One of those strained caper movies that's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends.
It is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style.
A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting, shooting or post-production stages.
Too stagey, talky -- and long -- for its own good.
Don't even bother to rent this on video.
Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up.
The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie.
The result is more depressing than liberating, but it's never boring.
Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb.
A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home, but your ego and all your problems go with you.
There's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
(A) wonderfully loopy tale of love, longing, and voting.
It is a testament of quiet endurance, of common concern, of reconciled survival.
Malcolm McDowell is cool. Paul Bettany is cool. Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell? Cool.
Those who aren't put off by the film's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them.
If you're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining, you're in luck.
If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating, sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation, it is clearly a good thing.
A moving and important film.
It is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias, especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise.
``Nicholas Nickleby'' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there's no new ``A Christmas Carol'' out in the theaters this year. Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes, repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero.
We want the funk - and this movie's got it.
Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings.
Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy, the movie ... is, also, frequently hilarious.
It's up to (Watts) to lend credibility to this strange scenario, and her presence succeeds in making us believe.
Renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance.
Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling (though no less horrifying for it).
I have two words to say about Reign of Fire. Great dragons!
The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys.
Since the movie is based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller, you know death is lurking around the corner, just waiting to spoil things.
A dark, dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires.
If there's one thing this world needs less of, it's movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldn't pass an entrance exam.
His comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude, calculated to provoke shocked laughter, without following up on a deeper level.
Taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes.
Too much of the humor falls flat.
There is no pleasure in watching a child suffer. Just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame.
This movie is maddening. It conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought.
Just one bad idea after another.
Even legends like Alfred Hitchcock and John Huston occasionally directed trifles... so it's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like Zhang Yimou behind the camera for a yarn that's ultimately rather inconsequential.
A real clunker. A well-made, thoughtful, well-acted clunker, but a clunker nonetheless.
Just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety, it dives into soapy bathos.
Adam Sandler is to Gary Cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse.
Too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger, more complicated story, one that never materializes.
Too stupid to be satire, too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise, Frank Novak's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless.
The director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship (most notably wretched sound design).
Suffers from rambling, repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video.
Reggio's trippy, ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified Nike ad.
The film is directed by Wally Wolodarsky from a script by Joe Jarvis and Greg Coolidge. These are names to remember, in order to avoid them in the future.
An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing.
Best indie of the year, so far.
Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable, but also a perfectly rendered period piece.
Its compelling mix of trial movie, escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy.
It will break your heart many times over.
The story is virtually impossible to follow here, but there's a certain style and wit to the dialogue.
He's the scariest guy you'll see all summer.
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once.
All the pieces fall together without much surprise, but little moments give it a boost.
Shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs, if you will -- that beneath the familiar, funny surface is a far bigger, far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes.
A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them.
A brilliant, absurd collection of vignettes that, in their own idiosyncratic way, sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium.
Where This was lazy but enjoyable, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars, That is even lazier and far less enjoyable.
Works as pretty contagious fun.
Oddly, the film isn't nearly as downbeat as it sounds, but strikes a tone that's alternately melancholic, hopeful and strangely funny.
For more than two decades Mr. Nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war, famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating, eloquent clarity.
If S&M seems like a strange route to true love, maybe it is, but it's to this film's (and its makers') credit that we believe that that's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves.
The film is a blunt indictment, part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity.
Meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment.
Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message.
It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration.
This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces.
Witty, contemplative, and sublimely beautiful.
Steven Soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting, quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life.
Shot in rich, shadowy black-and-white, Devils chronicles, with increasingly amused irony, the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives.
With so many bad romances out there, this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine.
Unlike most surf movies, Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave. By the end you can't help but feel 'stoked.'
The all-French cast is marveilleux.
... an enjoyably frothy 'date movie'...
The sentimental script has problems, but the actors pick up the slack.
Never Again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and, along the way, expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds.
Any one episode of The Sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes.
I can only imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent, and that's sultry Linda Fiorentino doing the same thing.
'Dragonfly' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck.
Quick: who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security?
I didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot.
If Melville is creatively a great whale, this film is canned tuna.
Needless to say, the dramatics that follow are utter hooey.
Hey, at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading.
I admire it and yet cannot recommend it, because it overstays its natural running time.
The long-range appeal of ``Minority Report'' should transcend any awards it bags. This is one for the ages.
A film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world.
Two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue, if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres, more's the pity.
``The Mothman Prophecies'' is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls.
My oh my, is this an invigorating, electric movie.
A candid and often fascinating documentary about a Pentecostal church in Dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services.
A captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners.
Subversive, meditative, clinical and poetic, The Piano Teacher is a daring work of genius.
An extraordinary Swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that Bille August does best.
Human Resources was a good, straightforward tale, but Time Out is better. It's haunting. It's like a poem.
Like The Rugrats movies, The Wild Thornberrys Movie doesn't offer much more than the series, but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome.
What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony. But it's worth the concentration.
...Myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs...
contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
A bittersweet film, simple in form but rich with human events.
A marvel of production design.
UB equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture,' even as it points out how inseparable the two are.
A vibrant, colorful, semimusical rendition.
A mostly believable, refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama.
Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense.
The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine.
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt, it's the worst movie I've seen this summer.
When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini, Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game.
Several uninteresting, unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in ``Unfaithful.'' Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me.
Watching Queen of the Damned is like reading a research paper, with special effects tossed in.
Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking, the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy.
Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story.
'The War of the Roses,' trailer-trash style. Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel.
How this one escaped the Lifetime network I'll never know.
National Lampoon's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House, but it more closely resembles this year's version of Tomcats.
Goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated, and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast.
It's fairly self-aware in its dumbness.
The film hinges on its performances, and both leads are up to the task.
It is risky, intelligent, romantic and rapturous from start to finish.
There's an energy to Y Tu Mam Tambin. Much of it comes from the brave, uninhibited performances by its lead actors.
Whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex, the edge-of-your-seat, educational antics of Steve Irwin are priceless entertainment.
This is Carion's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach.
It's a good film -- not a classic, but odd, entertaining and authentic.
a compelling journey...and ``His Best Friend Remembers'' is up there with the finest of specials.
... an agreeable time-wasting device -- but George Pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs.
The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers.
The script covers huge, heavy topics in a bland, surfacey way that doesn't offer any insight into why, for instance, good things happen to bad people.
Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots.
It's all pretty tame. The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it.
J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie, although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear: She's a pretty woman, but she's no working girl.
The problem is not that it's all derivative, because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes. The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material.
With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake.
Even in the summertime, the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities.
It has plenty of laughs. It just doesn't have much else... especially in a moral sense.
At its best, it's Black Hawk Down with more heart. At its worst, it's Rambo- meets-John Ford.
Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in 'The Ring.'
The plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back.
An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art.
Hypnotically dull, relentlessly downbeat, laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old's suicidal poetry.
Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an (emotionally at least) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested.
Yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war, let alone conscious of each other's existence.
Leaks treacle from every pore.
A family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise.
While certain cues, like the happy music, suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts, Jeong-Hyang Lee's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness.
As steamy as last week's pork dumplings.
'Charly' will divide its audience in two separate groups, those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy...
Occasionally funny and consistently odd, and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for Zhao.
The fact that The Rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays.
About nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the American dream.
A provocative movie about loss, anger, greed, jealousy, sickness and love.
A work of intricate elegance, literary lyricism and profound common sense.
Grant gets to display his cadness to perfection, but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte.
Smart science fiction for grown-ups, with only a few false steps along the way.
It's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be. But it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds.
If Mr. Zhang's subject matter is, to some degree at least, quintessentially American, his approach to storytelling might be called Iranian.
What goes on for the 110 minutes of ``Panic Room'' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals.
Some fine acting, but ultimately a movie with no reason for being.
Though it inspires some (out-of-field) creative thought, the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract.
It's a thin notion, repetitively stretched out to feature length, awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects, droning house music and flat, flat dialogue.
A depraved, incoherent, instantly disposable piece of hackery.
The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism, but it's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia.
Formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market.
If you recognize Zeus (the dog from Snatch) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one.
Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal.
Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur.
The performances are strong, though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times.
Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words, Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it.
Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr, Duvall (also a producer) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper.
Both damning and damned compelling.
It's like a ``Big Chill'' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang, only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists.
Mostly, (Goldbacher) just lets her complicated characters be unruly, confusing and, through it all, human.
Making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it, though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror.
What's so striking about Jolie's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair.
Denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave's career. It deserves to be seen everywhere.
The film truly does rescue (the Funk Brothers) from Motown's shadows. It's about time.
...one big laugh, three or four mild giggles, and a whole lot of not much else.
While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion, Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire.
Your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make.
Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito's Way.
It's just plain lurid when it isn't downright silly.
Who are 'they'? Well, they're 'they'. They're the unnamed, easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid. They exist for hushed lines like ``They're back!'', ``They're out there!'' and ``They're coming!''
Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers; neither of them deserves Eric Schaeffer.
Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy, Steven Shainberg's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played, deeply unsettling experience.
Now here's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud.
Ice Age posits a heretofore unfathomable question: Is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions?
Liman, of Swingers and Go, makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long, low-heat chase, interrupted by a middling car chase.
Shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker's bottomless pit of self-absorption.
The central story lacks punch.
This 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes, but it's a tad slow.
The smug, oily demeanor that Donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named Pipe Dream is just repulsive.
I loved looking at this movie. I just didn't care as much for the story.
It's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch, yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it.
Ecks this one off your must-see list.
If this movie belonged to a sorority, it would be called Beta Alpha Delta.
Too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise.
Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds. It doesn't flinch from its unsettling prognosis, namely, that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain.
One of recent memory's most thoughtful films about art, ethics, and the cost of moral compromise.
A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present.
Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous.
A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama, this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming, is moving, is funny and looks professional.
It's fairly solid--not to mention well edited so that it certainly doesn't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark.
Secret Ballot is a funny, puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving.
Confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk.
A hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look.
What makes the movie special is its utter sincerity.
We just don't really care too much about this love story. In that setting, their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting.
A bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points.
An authentically vague, but ultimately purposeless, study in total pandemonium.
The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal.
It's super- violent, super-serious and super-stupid.
It's better than The Phantom Menace. But unless you're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie, it isn't much fun.
Ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes, eye-filling, wide-screen production design and Joan's wacky decision to stand by her man, no matter how many times he demonstrates that he's a disloyal satyr.
I highly recommend Irwin, but not in the way this film showcases him.
An ill-conceived jumble that's not scary, not smart and not engaging.
The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career.
I have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration, but I've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than I want to believe.
Not since Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa's Ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur.
A muckraking job, the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment, and a fairly effective one at that.
Corny, schmaltzy and predictable, but still manages to be kind of heartwarming, nonetheless. It's the perfect kind of film to see when you don't want to use your brain. At all.
This illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the Holy Land and its inhabitants, revealing the human complexities beneath.
It's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again.
Escaping the studio, Piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie.
Birthday Girl is an amusing joy ride, with some surprisingly violent moments.
Smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities. Instead, he shows them the respect they are due.
Kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble.
Somehow we're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids, travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world, don fatigues and become G.I. Jane.
The movie is as far as you can get from racy, to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain; it has a dull, costumey feel.
You would be better off investing in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack, or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production.
What will, most likely, turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002.
Lacking gravitas, MacDowell is a placeholder for grief, and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel. Leave these Flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine.
The Marquis de Sade couldn't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be.
It's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time.
It's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script.
Too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century.
On the right track to something that's creepy and effective ... It's just going to take more than a man in a Bullwinkle costume to get there.
It's basically an overlong episode of Tales from the Crypt.
On the whole, the movie lacks wit, feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality.
If looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride, don't settle for this Imposter.
A solid film...but more conscientious than it is truly stirring.
Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story.
Nothing in Waking Up in Reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay.
A beautifully made piece of unwatchable drivel.
Van Wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase 'comedy gag.' At least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch.
Some of their jokes work, but most fail miserably and in the end, Pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny.
The story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured (and torturing) artists and consuming but impossible love that you can't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on.
It leers, offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject.
The video work is so grainy and rough, so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up, that it's exhausting to watch.
The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed.
It's an 88-minute highlight reel that's 86 minutes too long.
(N)o matter how much good will the actors generate, Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness.
'You'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half, but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied. You'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter...'
Bisset delivers a game performance, but she is unable to save the movie.
At 90 minutes this movie is short, but it feels much longer.
All in all, Road to Perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence.
Though its atmosphere is intriguing ... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression.
A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander, some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story.
After all the big build-up, the payoff for the audience, as well as the characters, is messy, murky, unsatisfying.
This franchise has not spawned a single good film. The crap continues.
I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment 'Tap, tap, tap, tap, tapping away' on this screenplay.
Much like Robin Williams, Death to Smoochy has already reached its expiration date.
There's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy, and The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side.
Lacks dramatic punch and depth.
Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie, but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end.
A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director, Tom Dey, had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours (and, for that matter, Shrek).
Authentic, and at times endearing, humorous, spooky, educational, but at other times as bland as a block of snow.
A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on.
Plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp.
What with the incessant lounge music playing in the film's background, you may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song.
Schnitzler's film has a great hook, some clever bits and well-drawn, if standard issue, characters, but is still only partly satisfying.
Basically, it's pretty but dumb.
If there's a heaven for bad movies, Deuces Wild is on its way.
I haven't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered.
When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo, it looks like Woo's a P.O.W.
It's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread.
Like a medium-grade network sitcom--mostly inoffensive, fitfully amusing, but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen.
Vibrantly colored and beautifully designed, Metropolis is a feast for the eyes.
Together writer-director Danny Verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt.
The performers are so spot on, it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles.
Director Paul Cox's unorthodox, abstract approach to visualizing Nijinsky's diaries is both stimulating and demanding.
Hardly a film that comes along every day.
It is an indelible epic American story about two families, one black and one white, facing change in both their inner and outer lives.
An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse, three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama.
An earnest, roughshod document, it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history, and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool.
Trapped won't score points for political correctness, but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness.
Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road ... But as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans' lofty expectations, the movie passes inspection.
Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books, they can't go wrong. Better effects, better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh. An excellent sequel.
(Clooney's) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined, but it has a tremendous, offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him, especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh.
The script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors.
The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters, some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style. The difference is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
It's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor.
Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe, but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions.
Often messy and frustrating, but very pleasing at its best moments, it's very much like life itself.
A very well-meaning movie, and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy.
Now as a former Gong Show addict, I'll admit it, my only complaint is that we didn't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show.
LaBute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering.
A vivid, sometimes surreal, glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior.
Both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy, What Time Is It There? may prove to be (Tsai's) masterpiece.
A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification.
On a cutting room floor somewhere lies...footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant, ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire.
It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action.
Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran's electoral process, but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast.
The effort is sincere and the results are honest, but the film is so bleak that it's hardly watchable.
Imagine the CleanFlicks version of 'Love Story,' with Ali MacGraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes.
The Country Bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers. Unfortunately, there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them, either.
Barry Sonnenfeld owes Frank the Pug big time
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer, Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene's prose, and it's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American.
Like Kubrick, Soderbergh isn't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way.
...is there a deeper, more direct connection between these women, one that spans time and reveals meaning? You bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking.
A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of 'home,' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households.
Invigorating, surreal, and resonant with a rainbow of emotion.
Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal, and less emotionally affecting than Silence. But, like Silence, it's a movie that gets under your skin.
Whether or not you buy Mr. Broomfield's findings, the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight, pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover.
Life on the rez is no picnic: this picture shows you why.
I'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled, but, for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway, The Hours represents two of those well spent.
Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring, at times sublime, visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games.
...contains very few laughs and even less surprises.
So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it cannot even be dubbed hedonistic.
A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level.
What started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron, deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence.
I like it. No, I hate it. No, I love it...hell, I dunno.
Possibly not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another.
Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow, The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy.
Too ordinary to restore (Harmon) to prominence, despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors, and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience.
Just a Kiss is a just a waste.
As happily glib and vicious as its characters.
A passable romantic comedy, in need of another couple of passes through the word processor.
The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne.
One of the most incoherent features in recent memory.
Bad in such a bizarre way that it's almost worth seeing, if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste.
...hokey art house pretension.
There is so much plodding sensitivity.
Feels shrill, simple and soapy.
...standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added.
The Master of Disguise is funny--not ``ha ha'' funny, ``dead circus performer'' funny. And for all the wrong reasons besides.
The images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos, particularly where Whitaker's misfit artist is concerned.
While the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest, the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization, humor or plain old popcorn fun.
The Master Of Disaster - it's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy.
A film made with as little wit, interest, and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy Hollywood caper flick.
There are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work, but rarely do they involve the title character herself.
It's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness, and where Human Nature should be ingratiating, it's just grating.
Got some good, organic character work, lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging, imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2-hour, dissipated length.
(Janey) forgets about her other obligations, leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes, maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies.
As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice, the movie makes two hours feel like four.
It's hard to say who might enjoy this, are there Tolstoy groupies out there? It's dark and tragic, and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored, cheering the pratfalls but little else; their parents, wise folks that they are, read books.
George Clooney proves he's quite a talented director and Sam Rockwell shows us he's a world-class actor with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind.
A very witty take on change, risk and romance, and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth.
One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions; it's just too bad it doesn't have more flashes of insight.
This examination of aquatic life off the shores of the Baja California peninsula of Mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format.
The whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois, tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski, that the compact 86 minutes breezes by.
Disney's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam, but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem.
The story feels more like a serious read, filled with heavy doses of always enticing Sayles dialogue.
A great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh. Tim Story's not there yet - but 'Barbershop' shows he's on his way.
Disturbing and brilliant documentary.
Bourne, Jason Bourne. He can scale a building like a super hero, he can out-stealth any agent, he'll get the girl. He's Super Spy!
An extremely unpleasant film.
(At least) Moore is a real charmer.
Few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with are terribly convincing, which is a pity, considering Barry's terrific performance.
It's a glorified sitcom, and a long, unfunny one at that.
The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair.
The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window; not because it was particularly funny, but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration.
It's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil' Bow Wow.
Mr. Soderbergh's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious.
... while certainly clever in spots, this too-long, spoofy update of Shakespeare's Macbeth doesn't sustain a high enough level of invention.
Bond-inspired? Certainly. Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise? Let's hope not.
If you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry, this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then.
The name says it all. Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set.
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama,' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged.
The re- enactments, however fascinating they may be as history, are too crude to serve the work especially well.
The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada.
The plot grows thin soon, and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution.
I know we're not supposed to take it seriously, but I can't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary.
Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle, there isn't much there here.
One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud.
All of the elements are in place for a great film noir, but director George Hickenlooper's approach to the material is too upbeat.
The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart, mind or humor of its own.
Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects?
A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud, violent and mindless.
Much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged, as if filmed directly from a television monitor, while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome clich.
A feel-good movie that doesn't give you enough to feel good about.
Just consider what New Best Friend does not have, beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay.
There's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good: stop buying tickets to these movies.
Kids don't mind crappy movies as much as adults, provided there's lots of cute animals and clumsy people. 'Snow Dogs' has both.
Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you, this film's impressive performances and adept direction aren't likely to leave a lasting impression.
It is parochial, accessible to a chosen few, standoffish to everyone else, and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
Sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre.
Bears resemblance to, and shares the weaknesses of, too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences.
If High Crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title.
The streets, shot by cinematographer Michael Ballhaus, may be as authentic as they are mean, but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them.
The story ... is moldy and obvious.
An overblown clunker full of bad jokes, howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences.
About as cutting-edge as Pet Rock: The Movie.
An uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously.
When not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack, the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since Macy Gray's game of Chinese whispers with Mr Bean.
Succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the Police Academy series.
Some of it is clever, but it is never melodic/
The talented and clever Robert Rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second.
There are plot holes big enough for Shamu the killer whale to swim through.
Like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up: everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter.
Dragonfly has no atmosphere, no tension -- nothing but Costner, flailing away. It's a buggy drag.
Whereas last year's exemplary Sexy Beast seemed to revitalize the British gangster movie, this equally brutal outing merely sustains it.
Samira Makhmalbaf's new film Blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness, although, it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
If you've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies, what Sex With Strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever.
A fitfully amusing romp that, if nothing else, will appeal to fans of Malcolm in the Middle and its pubescent star, Frankie Muniz.
Denis O'Neill's script avoids the prime sports cliche, a last-second goal to win the championship, but it neglects few others.
To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree.
Schneider's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story's continuity and progression.
Might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people.
...too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be.
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise.
Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession.
Draggin' about dragons
Complex, sinuously plotted and, somehow, off-puttingly cold.
Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss. But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film, which is often preachy and poorly acted.
Rabbit-Proof Fence will probably make you angry. But it will just as likely make you weep, and it will do so in a way that doesn't make you feel like a sucker.
Decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies, newsreels and the like. The unexpected thing is that its dying, in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia, is quite beautiful.
What a great way to spend 4 units of your day.
On the Granger Movie Gauge of 1 to 10, The Powerpuff Girls is a fast, frenetic, funny, even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience.
Call it magic realism or surrealism, but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity.
Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney's Darling Harbour, but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia, sweeping and gliding, banking and hovering over some of the most not
A thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses Grant's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos.
Family portrait of need, neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking.
While I can't say it's on par with the first one, Stuart Little 2 is a light, fun cheese puff of a movie.
Hardly an objective documentary, but it's great cinematic polemic...love Moore or loathe him, you've got to admire...the intensity with which he's willing to express his convictions.
More timely than its director could ever have dreamed, this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders, desperate for work and food.
Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault bring fresh, unforced naturalism to their characters.
The story ... is inspiring, ironic, and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is. It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band.
The film aims to be funny, uplifting and moving, sometimes all at once. The extent to which it succeeds is impressive.
Old people will love this movie, and I mean that in the nicest possible way: Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship.
Others, more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge', or more willing to see with their own eyes, will find Morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating.
Pacino is the best he's been in years and Keener is marvelous.
If you're willing to have fun with it, you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful.
A no-holds-barred cinematic treat.
The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life, but also acknowledging the places, and the people, from whence you came.
Vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two English women.
What doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear?
A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism.
Ryan Gosling is, in a word, brilliant as the conflicted Daniel.
A naturally funny film, Home Movie makes you crave Chris Smith's next movie.
The magic (and original running time) of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki's Spirited Away survives intact in BV's re-voiced version.
The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks, and the color palette, with lots of somber blues and pinks, is dreamy and evocative.
A French film with a more down-home flavor.
The cast, collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist, shows deft comic timing.
What's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm.
Daringly perceptive, taut, piercing and feisty, Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation.
The first half bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there.
Swimming is above all about a young woman's face, and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman's doubts and yearnings, it succeeds.
Meant for Star Wars fans. It is there to give them a good time.
It's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue, only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary, pasty lumpen.
Insomnia is one of the year's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring, and complicated, performances.
It treats Ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film.
A superlative B movie -- funny, sexy, and rousing.
The first Tunisian film I have ever seen, and it's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I'm likely to see all year.
What bubbles up out of John C. Walsh's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch.
It's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more.
U.S. audiences may find (Attal and Gainsbourg's) unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts.
Uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict, adolescent yearning, the roots of friendship and sexual identity.
Although German cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world's best cuisine, Mostly Martha could make Deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists.
There's ... tremendous energy from the cast, a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate.
In a way, the film feels like a breath of fresh air, but only to those that allow it in.
Here's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep. But taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot, The Queen of the Damned cannot be said to suck.
While the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel, they're presented with a wry dark humor.
Without ever becoming didactic, director Carlos Carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality.
Against all odds in heaven and hell, it creeped me out just fine.
Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic.
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional.
A beautifully observed character piece.
An hour and a half of joyful solo performance.
Everything about The Quiet American is good, except its timing.
You can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing, 'This is going to be something really good.' And it is.
A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television.
A dashing and absorbing outing with one of France's most inventive directors.
The heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging, suffering and the prospect of death.
This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality, creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air.
Hardly a masterpiece, but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people.
This film seems thirsty for reflection, itself taking on adolescent qualities.
Jones ... does offer a brutal form of charisma.
Smart, provocative and blisteringly funny.
A spellbinding African film about the modern condition of rootlessness, a state experienced by millions around the globe.
This remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise: Al Pacino loathing Robin Williams.
The inspirational screenplay by Mike Rich covers a lot of ground, perhaps too much, but ties things together, neatly, by the end.
This is wild surreal stuff, but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other.
Opening with some contrived banter, cliches and some loose ends, the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half.
What's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children.
Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give ``Scratch'' a second look.
Metaphors abound, but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story.
The formula is familiar but enjoyable.
An action/thriller of the finest kind, evoking memories of Day of the Jackal, The French Connection, and Heat.
Has a solid emotional impact.
Watching E.T now, in an era dominated by cold, loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas, one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision.
Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation.
The entire movie has a truncated feeling, but what's available is lovely and lovable.
A solidly constructed, entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration.
Full of detail about the man and his country, and is well worth seeing.
A refreshing Korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters.
Edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects, Pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head, making it rousing, invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery.
Digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world.
It is nature against progress. In Fessenden's horror trilogy, this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale.
The film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity.
Waydowntown is by no means a perfect film, but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality.
The year's happiest surprise, a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way.
There's enough science to make it count as educational, and enough beauty to make it unforgettable.
Engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship.
Britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound, the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway.
Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure?
An odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it didn't try to.
It works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun.
Michel Piccoli's moving performance is this films reason for being.
A rollicking ride, with jaw-dropping action sequences, striking villains, a gorgeous color palette, astounding technology, stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending.
Like a precious and finely cut diamond, magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock.
Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite, but sometimes it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did, too.
A highly watchable, giggly little story with a sweet edge to it.
Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters, its sensitive acting, its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham.
Spielberg's picture is smarter and subtler than (Total Recall and Blade Runner), although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences.
Amazing! A college story that works even without vulgarity, sex scenes, and cussing!
A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz, Spielberg knows how to tell us about people.
Douglas McGrath's Nicholas Nickleby does Dickens as it should be done cinematically.
It's a familiar story, but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence.
There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry, and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia, the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch.
Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes, which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway.
Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world.
A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet.
A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage ``be careful what you wish for'' is given a full workout.
While it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting, brisk delight.
A frustrating 'tweener' -- too slick, contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical, small and decadent for the malls.
My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering, wheezy drag...
Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations.
Parents beware; this is downright movie penance.
If the movie were all comedy, it might work better. But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects, but not a willingness.
The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers.
Director Carl Franklin, so crisp and economical in One False Move, bogs down in genre cliches here.
My own minority report is that it stinks.
Being unique doesn't necessarily equate to being good, no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke.
meanders between its powerful moments.
Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis. Acting cannot be acted.
A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans (but by no means all) will have fun with.
It's pretty linear and only makeup-deep, but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period.
One of the best rock documentaries ever. Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many.
While obviously aimed at kids, The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio.
Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format? In a word: No.
Leaping from one arresting image to another, Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling, amusing and unsettling at the same time.
A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture.
Stands as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or, really, to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11.
Elvira fans could hardly ask for more.
It could change America, not only because it is full of necessary discussion points, but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment.
Legendary Irish writer Brendan Behan's memoir, Borstal Boy, has been given a loving screen transferral.
You could say that it's slow at times, you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't, but one thing you couldn't say is that Alias Betty is predictable.
Hu and Liu offer natural, matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow, longing and love.
Will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them.
A whole lot foul, freaky and funny.
Bennett's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that's tough to shake.
Nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition.
Energetic and boldly provocative.
...the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes ``What Time Is It There?'' something the true film buff will enjoy.
It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good, but it is.
Although shot with little style, Skins is heartfelt and achingly real.
It may scream low budget, but this charmer has a spirit that cannot be denied.
Gloriously straight from the vagina.
Recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes Vincent tick, but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat.
It may not be a huge cut of above the rest, but I enjoyed Barbershop. It's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters.
A brain twister, less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood, success, artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy.
You can watch, giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you've completely lowered your entertainment standards.
Blisteringly rude, scarily funny, sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys, the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden.
Shanghai Ghetto, much stranger than any fiction, brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life.
In the end, all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is.
A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities.
It's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate.
The director, with his fake backdrops and stately pacing, never settles on a consistent tone.
As a kind of colorful, dramatized PBS program, Frida gets the job done. But, for that, why not watch a documentary?
The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption.
His best film remains his shortest, The Hole, which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive.
Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode, and brother Hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense.
(Stevens is) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits.
Ringu is a disaster of a story, full of holes and completely lacking in chills. Ignore the reputation, and ignore the film.
Whether you're moved and love it, or bored or frustrated by the film, you'll still feel something.
It won't bust your gut -- and it's not intended to -- it's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke.
You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions.
An absorbing, slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true.
Denis and co-writer Michele Petin's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing. Lead provocatuers Testud and Parmentier give superlative performances
Moore's complex and important film is also, believe it or not, immensely entertaining, a David and Goliath story that's still very much playing itself out.
One of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade.
... understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation.
It's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be.
A wonderful character-based comedy.
(A) shapeless blob of desperate entertainment.
Movie fans, get ready to take off...the other direction.
More maudlin than sharp.
I don't think I laughed out loud once. And when you're talking about a slapstick comedy, that's a pretty big problem.
Feels haphazard, as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot.
(W)hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism, Jane Goodall's Wild Chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands.
The humor is forced and heavy-handed, and occasionally simply unpleasant.
Has all the depth of a wading pool.
Weaves a spell over you, with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger. But its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell.
Its story may be a thousand years old, but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us?
What puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears' first movie.
The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea.
It's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character, especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix's.
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental.
Episode II-- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight.
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
Seems like someone going through the motions.
The story itself is actually quite vapid.
It's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge.
Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea, the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand.
A richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind.
Baran isn't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or, indeed, by its director -- but it's a worthy companion to the many fine, focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations.
An elegant, exquisitely modulated psychological thriller.
Engrossing and affecting, if ultimately not quite satisfying.
There is a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2--quite a rarity, even in the family film market. Eventually, it wins you over.
The reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that Myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies.
The film starts out as competent but unremarkable ... and gradually grows into something of considerable power.
... a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of Legally Blonde and Drop Dead Gorgeous, starring Piper Perabo in what could be her breakthrough role.
From spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat, Vincent's odyssey resonates in a profound way, comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir.
Sensitive, insightful and beautifully rendered film. One of the best of the year.
Beneath Clouds is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from Rabbit-Proof Fence.
Even if you don't think (Kissinger's) any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen, he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch.
A lean, deftly shot, well-acted, weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s European-set spy pictures.
The emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who's ever had family trauma.
Anchored by Friel and Williams's exceptional performances, the film's power lies in its complexity. Nothing is black and white.
Vera's three actors -- Moll, Gil and Bardem -- excel in insightful, empathetic performances.
Gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who, in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude, knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive.
Challenging, intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative. But it's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle.
Michael Gerbosi's script is economically packed with telling scenes.
The primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants. It's like watching a nightmare made flesh.
A smart and funny, albeit sometimes superficial, cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist.
The rare Imax movie that you'll wish was longer than an hour.
Intensely romantic, thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery.
Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies.
Would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can? Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man's body? If you answered yes, by all means enjoy The New Guy.
The film's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch, a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen.
Satisfyingly scarifying, fresh and old-fashioned at the same time.
Red Dragon makes one appreciate Silence of the Lambs.
Sayles has a knack for casting, often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors.
Neither quite a comedy nor a romance, more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm.
Another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre.
Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar, every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn, to grow, to travel.
The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer.
In his debut as a director, Washington has a sure hand. His work with actors is particularly impressive.
...gripping and handsome execution, (but) there isn't much about K-19 that's unique or memorable.
(Cho's face is) an amazing slapstick instrument, creating a scrapbook of living mug shots.
Faithful without being forceful, sad without being shrill, ``A Walk to Remember'' succeeds through sincerity.
This sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder.
Can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto.
Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on ``The Simpsons'' has.
Some actors steal scenes. Tom Green just gives them a bad odor. This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard, but he's the most obvious one.
Director Barry Skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of ``The Longest Yard'' playbook like a checklist.
The result is solemn and horrifying, yet strangely detached.
The plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness.
The acting by the over-25s lacks spark, with Csokas particularly unconnected.
The film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime, one that brings military courtroom dramas down very, very low.
Sometimes smart but more often sophomoric.
Feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention.
Despite the premise of a good story ... it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles.
If you like quirky, odd movies and/or the ironic, here's a fun one.
The tasteful little revision works wonders, enhancing the cultural and economic subtext, bringing richer meaning to the story's morals.
Vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order.
It's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son's Room.
It is Scott's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph.
The story is a rather simplistic one: grief drives her, love drives him, and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me.
Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film?
A coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichs and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood.
Because Eight Legged Freaks is partly an homage to Them, Tarantula and other low- budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s, the movie is a silly (but not sophomoric) romp through horror and hellish conditions.
While the humor is recognizably Plympton, he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time.
Coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that, despite a fairly slow paced, almost humdrum approach to character development, still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema.
A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor, sensuality, and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys.
The bodily function jokes are about what you'd expect, but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie.
Despite Besson's high-profile name being Wasabi's big selling point, there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film's thoroughly winning tone.
(Reaches) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair.
If (Jaglom's) latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling, some of its repartee is still worth hearing.
A heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope.
This is NOT a retread of ``Dead Poets' Society.''
Succeeds only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen.
Informative, intriguing, observant, often touching...gives a human face to what's often discussed in purely abstract terms.
Flashy, pretentious and as impenetrable as Morvern's thick, working-class Scottish accent.
It's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood isn't laughing with us, folks. It's laughing at us.
It wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7.00.
Ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power, even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic, dysfunctional and destructive.
It wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film, but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy.
Birot is a competent enough filmmaker, but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it.
Dissing a Bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid, but when it has the temerity to run over two hours, you feel like winding up with a kick.
The title Trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller.
The filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point, unless it's that life stinks, especially for sensitive married women who really love other women.
There's no denying the elaborateness of the artist's conceptions, nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan, but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense, lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity.
Not only a reminder of how they used to make movies, but also how they sometimes still can be made.
Rarely, a movie is more than a movie. Go.
Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative.
A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride.
A memorable experience that, like many of his works, presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill.
The journey to the secret's eventual discovery is a separate adventure, and thrill enough.
A worthwhile documentary, whether you're into rap or not, even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll.
Enjoyably dumb, sweet, and intermittently hilarious -- if you've a taste for the quirky, steal a glimpse.
An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy, resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence.
What makes this film special is Serry's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context.
When the first few villians are introduced as ``Spider'' and ``Snake'' you know you're in for a real winner, creativity at its peak.
Could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes Fatal Attraction look like a classic by comparison? That's the only sane rationale I can think of for Swimfan's existence.
...(a) strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for Rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense.
Do not, under any circumstances, consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor.
Both stars manage to be funny, but, like the recent I Spy, the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie.
There is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility, not an event that is believable, not a confrontation that is not staged, not a moment that is not false.
Somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional.
'Unfaithful' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory. Too bad.
Wallace seems less like he's been burning to tell a war story than he's been itching to somehow tack one together
The tug-of-war at the core of Beijing Bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances, overheated pathos and long, wistful gazes.
Poignant and delicately complex.
It's the filmmakers' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion.
Lookin' for sin, American-style? Try Hell House, which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name.
It's good, hard-edged stuff, violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done, morally alert and street-smart.
A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility.
Stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiences, letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be.
Like the original, this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen's astringent wit.
Although fairly involving as far as it goes, the film doesn't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or, really, anything.
Visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons, loyalty and duty.
It's endlessly inventive, consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage.
The biggest problem with this movie is that it's not nearly long enough.
Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters.
There's something about a marching band that gets me where I live.
This 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than I'd expected it to be.
It picked me up, swung me around, and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film.
Playfully profound... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows.
Both Grant and Hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed, assured of the wrong things, and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others.
A film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours.
Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior, as Happiness was... Hence, Storytelling is far more appealing.
It's all stitched together with energy, intelligence and verve, enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage.
They takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending.
A TV style murder mystery with a few big screen moments (including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether).
To call The Other Side of Heaven ``appalling'' would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be.
What the director can't do is make either of Val Kilmer's two personas interesting or worth caring about.
Once (Kim) begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors, you may decide it's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard.
A coarse and stupid gross-out.
Paid In Full is so stale, in fact, that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma's Scarface. That's a cheat.
``The Time Machine'' is a movie that has no interest in itself. It doesn't believe in itself, it has no sense of humor...it's just plain bored.
It's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong.
Its well of thorn and vinegar (and simple humanity) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks.
